Chapter 371 A Crappy Welcome

Two hours before reaching the entrance, Inala used Subtle Terrain Dominance to gather the moisture in the air and extract heat from it, causing it to form a layer of ice on a tree stem, becoming a reflective surface.

He stared at his appearance and commented, "This will cause some problems."

"What will?" Wittral asked, oblivious.

"My hair." Inala said and pointed at the dense strands of hair that cascaded from his head, "This is top tier in the Brimgan Empire's beauty standard. As long as I have it, many people will pursue me."

"Are you planning to cut it?" Wittral asked, casual in his tone.

"No," Inala stared at the mirror and heaved a long breath. Whether it was his male or female mind, none wanted this. But to avoid unnecessary problems, it was best to nip the causes in the bud, "I'm going bald."

Ignoring Wittral's excitement in response to his statement, Inala activated Mystic Mist Art in full swing, causing his qualities as a Cooter Clansman to take effect. With regret, he watched the beautiful locks of hair on his head fall down, strand after strand, causing him pangs of pain.

The prettiest part of his female form was his hair, which was honestly something countless women would seethe in envy for. And now, that was no more as he stared at a shiny head that resembled an egg, desperately holding back his tears.

Following suit were his eyelashes and nose hair. That was followed by hair in his pubic regions, making him feel as if he was a pig that had been skinned to be cooked, "I dislike this feeling."

"I…love it!" Wittral roared in excitement, his face beet red, "You're gorgeous, now! Amita!"

'This fucking egg head…!' Inala controlled the string of curses that almost exploded out of his mouth and heaved in deep breaths. He patted his clothes, using Subtle Terrain Domination to remove the fallen hair from the fabric.

"Let me clean it for you." Wittral offered help, extremely happy as he gathered all the hair into a bundle and raised the temperate in it until it caught aflame, happy to get rid of it. He stared at Inala and commented, "Now, that's what I call an Empyrean Beauty!"

"Screw off!" Inala grumbled as he kicked a tree in anger, winced in pain, and walked away. For a moment, he paused and stared at his reflection in the mirror, regretting the decision immediately. Shattering the mirror, he ran away.

"Wait! Paint me a picture of yourself!" Wittral shouted as he chased after Inala, excited. From a detestable Free Human to a loveable Free Human to a Cooter Clansman to a bald Cooter Clansman, Wittral loved Amita Brimgan's evolution.

As for the Cooter Clan? He already placed it in the back of his mind and pursued what he wanted with a wide grin.

Soon, the duo arrived at the Brimgan Empire's entrance.

Standing guard was a 2-Life Stage cultivator, donning an extravagantly useless armour. Concealed within it was his actual, practical-use armour, simple in appearance but robust in its function.

The extravagant armour sported horns all over the place to make it as imposing as possible. Decks of rectangular scales covered it, creating a lotus-shaped skirt that reached his knee. Held in his hand was a three-metre-long spear, golden, with intricate patterns of silver and a bunch of other colours.

Embedded at the joint between the blade and the shaft was a precious-looking gem. The design screamed wealth from top to bottom. Of course, it was useless in a battle and would shatter in a matter of seconds.

"Stop!" The guard shouted and released his Prana, sensing the strength of the duo before him. He observed their style of clothes and commented in disdain, "Refugees from Rumtara?"

"Y-Yes," Since Wittral sucked at acting, Inala took charge of playing the role. "We fled from the Rumtara Kingdom."

"Fuck, you're a woman?" The guard made a face of disgust upon hearing Inala's voice, staring at Inala's bald head as if he had seen the ugliest existence in his life.

"Yes, I am." Inala nodded, taking a step forward to appear before Wittral so that the guard wouldn't see Wittral's fuming expression. "We have come to seek refuge here."

"Every trash wants a spot in paradise, huh?" The guard snorted as he pointed to the side, "Go there and prove your worth. If we find you useful, you'll be granted entry."

"Thank you, your grace." Inala bowed in response and dragged Wittral with him to a simple mansion at the side. It was where the refugees displayed their worth and were judged whether they were worthy or not to be granted asylum in the Brimgan Empire.

There were strict identification measures present in the Brimgan Empire, with the database maintained across different institutions in the Empire. Without it, one wouldn't be deemed a citizen.

Only citizens can purchase anything of worth in the Brimgan Empire, from land to even simple items like carriages.

Through Fhoong Brimgan's memories, Inala was capable of creating a fake ID, but it wouldn't work, since that information wouldn't be registered in the Brimgan Empire's database. And when he purchases something, a verification would be conducted, which would prove his forgery.

There were hundreds of information centres. It would take Inala decades to add his fake ID to their records, not to mention the various risks it posed. Instead of that, it was better to prove himself as a refugee and obtain a Refugee ID.

At least through that, he had a working chance. Eventually, he could contribute enough to the Empire and get accepted as a legal citizen, gaining full rights as a Brimgan Empire citizen. From that point on, he would be able to buy properties in the Empire.

To have an easier time reaching the Attribute, he had to purchase a certain house in Fentan City. Therefore, it was best to make his way in legally.

"Your name?" A grumpy middle-aged man sat in the mansion. The interior of the mansion was merely a large hall filled with a bunch of items, ranging from simple merchandise such as food grains to expensive Spirit Weapons.

"Amita," Inala said.

"Is your mouth sealed shut or something?" The grumpy middle-aged man stared at Wittral with a mocking gaze, "Name?"

"…Wittral," Wittral said through clenched teeth.

"Such ego for a pathetic refugee." The grumpy middle-aged man snorted and noted down the details. He then pointed at the wares, "Go ahead, show me what you can do. If it's lacking, I'm kicking you out."

'Tch!' Wittral had never been disrespected like this by a mere Free Human. Even with his pitiful Prana, he had the confidence to wipe the floor with the middle-aged man. However, upon being glared at by Inala, he controlled himself and arrived before a set of grains.

He used a pestle to crush them and prepared them. Thirty minutes later, he created a simple beverage.

"Hmm…" The grumpy middle-aged man tasted it and made a note, "A brewer. That vocation is a bit rare here. Fine, you pass."

He then stared at Inala and scowled, "Go ahead."

It was taxing on his eyes to stare at a bald woman. Ignoring his expression, Inala painted the scene of the Lotus Range he had just witnessed and presented it.

"Good! Despite your ugly appearances, you are both talented." The grumpy middle-aged man caused two marble plaques to hover before him as he inscribed a bunch of details in it, treating it similar to the Mammoth Clan's Bone Slip.

But the information in it could never be altered once created. Such was the Skill employed by the middle-aged man. He threw the Refugee IDs to Inala and Wittral and commented casually, "Do your best to assimilate with our culture."

"Welcome to the Brimgan Empire."



Chapter 372 Secret of the Lakes

Extending from the entrance to stretch out like a fibrous root system was a series of mountain ranges, the sole stable structures of existence in the Brimgan Empire.

As to why they were the sole stable structures in such a massive Empire? The answer lay beyond the fibrous network of mountain ranges.

A stretch of water, extending from one end to the other of the Lotus Range. But, it wasn't a uniform stretch like a sea. No, it was a series of lakes placed adjacent to one another.

The walls of each lake spanned a thickness ranging between a kilometre to a dozen kilometres. But they weren't mountains in the sense of being stable entities. No, they were like sponges, expanding out of the ground when necessary before contracting into nonexistence.

One such lake was situated close to a mountain range. The walls of the lake reached a height of ten metres above sea level, appearing porous, resembling coral at first glance, but one covered by dirt and moss.

The lake formed as the walls protruded out of the water body, separating the water in the lake from the rest. The lake currently occupied an area of three square kilometres, nothing worth mentioning in terms of size.

It had a depth of eight hundred metres, too shallow as compared to the Brimgan Sea right beyond the Lotus Range whose depth reached close to ninety kilometres.

The strange thing about this lake was the fact that the water body there prior to the appearance of the walls had a depth close to four kilometres. At present, forming a layer underneath the lakebed was the porous wall, expanding and contracting as it pleased, with nary a pattern.

Five minutes after the lake formed, the water level within it began to recede. An hour later, the lake was empty, with the water having been drained through the porous walls. As time passed, the walls of the lake began to shrink into the ground. Once they moved below the sea level, the surrounding water gushed in.

This was the chaos happening in a single lake. Tens of thousands of such lakes were undergoing a similar phenomenon, with each of them littered next to each other.

These lakes covered the majority of the area within the Lotus Range, forming the bulk of the Brimgan Empire's territory, uninhabitable for the most part.

When water filled a lake, another lake got emptied. Similarly, a small lake would appear within a larger lake and split it into multiple portions. Or suddenly, the walls of a bunch of lakes would collapse to result in a larger lake, due to which strong tides formed.

This chaos was common in the Brimgan Empire, with the lakes changing shape, size, depth, and water level at erratic intervals, the shortest of which amounted to a couple of minutes.

It was stated that the region enclosed by the Lotus Range was once uninhabitable, as no living being was able to adapt to the region.

If a marine Pranic Beast were to enter a lake, it would find itself suffocating once the lake gets drained, causing it to writhe in pain on the dry sand bed until it dies. Similarly, if a land-based Pranic Beast were to enter an empty lake, it would drown once the walls move and send in water.

Even being an amphibian type wasn't enough, as the mineral composition in each lake differed tremendously. The mineral composition in one lake might be beneficial, but once the water there gets drained, the new water gushing in later would have a completely different mineral composition, even poisonous depending on the creature's body.

Due to this, forget Pranic Beasts, even plants had an impossible time surviving here. As a result, for a good majority of the time in Sumatra Continent's history, the region within the Lotus Range remained bereft of life.

That all changed when a certain Free Human arrived, a legendary genius unlike any other, one of the first entities that managed to cause a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle to treat him as an equal.

Records about him existed but were hard to believe. He was like a legend, a tale of myth that seemed as if a story was created around the existing environmental factors, not the other way around.

This man was an enigma, an eccentric individual who intended to peer into the secrets of Sumatra Continent. During his journey, he arrived at the Lotus Range and observed the strange phenomenon happening there.

Lakes formed and vanished, water appeared and disappeared without any source or sink, and a mysterious network of porous material that doubled down as mobile ranges and a pipeline to transport water.

This man, later coming to be known as the Brimgan Founder studied the secrets of the region for a long time. Eventually, he figured things out, understanding the secret of the lakes, information he never shared with others.

Through the secret he found out, the Brimgan Founder devised a way in which humans and Pranic Beasts could take advantage of the environment and live there. With the Lotus Range acting as their safety net, they could prosper without issues.

It might seem as if the lakes formed and collapsed erratically, not to mention the mineral composition in them changing continuously. But there was a pattern, a flow if one might ponder deeply.

There existed a network of operations that caused tens of thousands of lakes to change every few minutes, a problem of complexity deemed impossible to solve. The sole exception was him, the Brimgan Founder.

He genetically created an existence that allowed life to be sustained on these ever-changing lakes. It could be called a plant, a tree, or a leaf. All were apt identifications suitable for it.

Geyser Cup!

A leaf-shaped object resembling a cup, acting as a boat that stayed afloat on the water. Each Geyser Cup spanned an area ranging from four hundred to ten thousand square metres. It had a mysterious property in that it had an affinity towards a certain type of mineral composition.

Thereby, it was drawn in that direction, rowing itself towards the flow of water bearing the respective mineral composition, able to travel from one lake to another promptly. And its structure made it hard for it to sink even when powerful waves slammed into it.

Geyser Cups became platforms for people in the Brimgan Empire to live. Depending on the material composition it was designed for, the Geyser Cup created a land environment within its cup portion, having accumulated soil there by absorbing minerals for hundreds of years.

Each Geyser Cup sported a unique soil texture and environment. Living on some were Pranic Beasts; houses were constructed in the others; many were left to contain wild forests, etc.

The Brimgan Founder's story seemed absurd because it was quoted in his legend that he had personally created every single Geyser Cup.

Being plant life, Geyser Cups grew clones of themselves on their border. Over time, the clone matured and took charge while the original wilted and was then consumed by the clone. This way, maintaining the same structure and genetic composition, the Geyser Cup was reborn again and again innumerable times.

Thanks to these, it was possible for life to sustain itself in the region within the Lotus Range.

And once the Brimgan Founder created the Geyser Cups, he also genetically modified Pranic Beasts and made them adapt to a life on the Geyser Cups. Following that, he created the first version of Gold Kinesis Art, the cultivation technique employed by the Brimgan Empire Royalty.

Due to the sense of safety posed by the Lotus Range, not to mention the rich, almost endless reserve of minerals being pumped into the lakes every few minutes, Free Humans flocked to the region. Eventually, the Free Humans formed a group under the banner of the individual that practiced the Gold Kinesis Art, labelling themselves the Brimgan Kingdom.

It eventually became an Empire and stood tall to this date.

But shockingly, the Brimgan Founder had disappeared mysteriously. No matter how much they had searched, they were unable to find any traces of his existence, as if he had been erased. Countless eras spanned past after that. And today, the Brimgan Founder was a mere legend.

There must have been a founder for the Brimgan Empire. It was this logic that adhered to the existence of the Brimgan Founder in the minds of the citizens, but no one knew anything beyond that, treating all legends regarding him as another drunkard's tale, one among the tens of thousands of lies that had been weaved over time.

'But, the Brimgan Founder was real. And he didn't vanish mysteriously.' Inala thought as he set foot into the Brimgan Empire, seeing a mountain range stretch forth before him. To the side lay a series of lakes that extended without an end, appearing and disappearing erratically.

Inala stared at the lakes and muttered, "A man that became one with his legend."

The Brimgan Founder didn't vanish for no reason. Rather, being the eccentric individual that he was, he desired more secrets regarding Sumatra Continent. And the conclusion he ended up at was the Bolt of Transcendence, a streak of destructive lightning that also contained a sea of knowledge.

He wanted to absorb Bolts of Transcendence, as much as possible, taking advantage of all the secrets he had unveiled until then to conceptualise a plan. Once ready, he began his breakthrough to reach the Transcendence Stage, summoning Bolts of Transcendence towards him.

That wasn't enough. He wanted more. More! And even more! Using all his knowledge, the Brimgan Founder was able to draw in Bolts of Transcendence dozens of times greater than what was necessary for him to become a Transcendent.

And obviously, he had swallowed more than he could chew, losing his life in the process. Fearsomely, he came frighteningly close to success, becoming a terrifying Transcendent had he succeeded. But since he died right at the cusp of success, his gains were refined by the Bolts of Transcendence into a Major Treasure.

That was none other than the Major Treasure of Attribute!



Chapter 373 Transcendent Objects

It was unknown how many Major Treasures existed on Sumatra Continent, but they never revealed their existence, remaining buried deep in the land.

To become a Transcendent is to transcend the plane of existence and the laws governing it. A Minor Treasure and a Major Treasure functioned with rules beyond the power system operating on Sumatra Continent.

They could be considered as Transcendent Objects.

When a Minor Treasure appears, it affects its surroundings lightly. Typically, a Pranic Beast race gets there, drawn by this mysterious presence, and lives there. Over time, Mutants begin appearing among the race in large numbers, with the Secondary Nature created under the Minor Treasure's influence.

Eventually, their intelligence grows enough that they begin searching for Free Humans to make a Ravaged Tribe and evolve.

Evolution happens once the Ravaged Tribe becomes Clansmen. Typically, the evolved race would get rid of the Clansmen, since they no longer serve any use to this race. They would continue to accumulate strength until they reach a point where they could create another Ravaged Tribe.

After all, only when a Ravaged Tribe becomes Clansmen do the associated Pranic Beast race evolve.

The reason both the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan maintained their respective Clansmen was that they reached the end of natural evolution. Hence, there was no longer any use in creating another Ravaged Tribe for them.

As a result, they used their Clansmen for a variety of purposes, with the primary goal being propagation and the ultimate goal being to reach the Mystic Grade. Both Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers depended on their Clansmen to create their progeny.

It was an evolution brought about by the concept of survival of the fittest. There were fewer risks with a Clansman giving birth, since the actions would be subtle, they occupied less space, and could be protected in safety.

If an Empyrean Tusk were to bear a child, there were too many factors that could go wrong due to their massive bodies. These massive bodies were so energy-taxing that it might be impossible for an Empyrean Tusk to accumulate enough energy for the progeny's growth.

Hence, things became as they are.

It could be said that there were Minor Treasures along the path taken by the Empyrean tusks to reach their current step of evolution.

Some time at some point in history, the unevolved version of Empyrean Tusks came under the influence of a Minor Treasure to gain enough intelligence as an Iron Grade Pranic Beast and make preparations to reach the Silver Grade.

Major Treasures were similar to Minor Treasures, but the degree of their influence on the Sumatra Continent was more potent.

From the time Sumatra Continent emerged, when all Pranic Beasts were Beginner Iron Grade and Free Humans remained at the Spirit Stage without any cultivation techniques, there existed Mystic Empyrean Tentacles.

And obviously, not every Mystic Empyrean Tentacle managed to become a Transcendent. There was a possibility one of the failures became a Major Treasure.

Countless readers of Sumatra Chronicles predicted that the Seat of Transcendence was indeed created through the failure of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle failing to reach the Transcendence Stage. It had never been proved.

Minor Treasures were created from the failures of Pranic Beasts and Humans in the Iron and Silver Grades in becoming Transcendents. Similarly, Major Treasures were created from Pranic Beasts and Humans in the Gold and Mystic Grades failing to become Transcendents.

Typically, Minor Treasures influenced the lifeforms in its vicinity, from trees to Pranic Beasts. In that vein, Major Treasures influenced the terrain.

In Sumatra Chronicles, at the end of the Second Major Disaster, when Resha obtains the Attribute, he comes to learn of the existence of the Brimgan Founder and the secrets regarding when a Minor Treasure and Major Treasure reveal themselves to the world.

When a Minor Treasure completes influencing the lifeforms in its region, when the changes it can bring reach zero, it would unleash a pillar of light and emanate pulses of energy that would draw in lifeforms from farther away.

As for why it does that, Resha was unable to figure it out. Information regarding it wasn't available in Sumatra Chronicles.

Similarly, when a Major Treasure completes influencing the terrain surrounding, it would finally decide to reveal itself. And until it reveals itself, unless one had luck rivalling the heavens, they would never come across a Minor Treasure Major Treasure.

Deep underground the Brimgan Empire was a region that had been steadily terraformed by the Major Treasure of Attribute for tens of thousands of years. And once it was ready, it would make its presence known.

'It's a place where even the current Boar King can lose his life.' Inala thought, trying his best to recall the events surrounding the Second Major Disaster from Sumatra Chronicles, 'I need to make full preparations and arm myself to the teeth. Otherwise, forget getting the Attribute, I'll simply die a dog's death.'

Due to Attribute's nature, it amplified and made the terrain's conditions more inherent. The secret of the lakes would be made more potent. Typically, a terrain fully modified by a Major Disaster becomes dangerous enough to claim a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's life.

There were no naturally occurring regions on the continent that were dangerous enough to endanger a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

'Unless he's at the 5-Life Stage, the Boar King wouldn't be immune to the terrain under the Brimgan Empire.' Inala thought. Of course, that was why the Boar King was such a ridiculous existence.

Even regions capable of killing Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts were of no issue to the Boar King as long as he increased his cultivation. And of course, when he is lured by the Major Treasure of Attribute's presence and observes the terrain modified by it, the Boar King discovers that even on Sumatra Continent, there were places that could claim his life.

Intrigued and pressured by it, the Boar King truly focuses on cultivation and blazes through the ranks of the Life Stage.

And now, whether it be Inala or Resha or the rest of the reincarnates, they would be battling for the Attribute in such a place. 'No matter what, the Attribute will become mine.'

"It seems you have a place in mind, Amita," Wittral spoke upon seeing how Inala seemed familiar with the place.

Of course, Inala had a lot of knowledge regarding the place from Fhoong Brimgan's data. Through that, he had a better idea of what to do in the Brimgan Empire to get access to the house of his need.

'When the Attribute reveals itself, it would create ten channels of entry in total.' Inala thought, his expression serious, 'All of them form in water bodies in and around the Brimgan Empire, which makes it hard to determine the exact position.'

The Second Major Disaster was a race towards the Major Treasure of Attribute. And the longer one delays, the lower their chance of getting the Attribute. Even a minute of delay meant a loss. Therefore, the optimal situation would be to present on the area where the channel opens, so that he would fall into the entrance at the first second.

'And in Fentan City, there exists a pond in a certain mansion, which becomes the entrance, the only entrance that can be determined.' Inala had his destination fixed, 'As long as I gain ownership of the place and prevent any entry, I can delay my competitors. That way, my chances will increase.'

'Now, I only hope Orakha hasn't gotten there first.' Thinking as such, Inala smiled towards Wittral, "There's a certain house owned by a member of Royalty."

'He's not a Fhoong Brimgan sympathiser, but I can gain some benefits through him.' He had long since begun concocting a plan of action.



Chapter 374 Northern Lakes and Southern Veins

The Brimgan Empire's territory is split into two: Northern Lakes and Southern Veins.

Northern Lakes was the term associated with all the lakes littering the place while the Southern Veins meant the fibrous root system of mountain ranges. Entrances to the Brimgan Empire existed in multiple passes among the Lotus Range.

Thankfully for Inala, the Boar King had dropped them at the southern entrance. Thereby, when they entered, they arrived at the rear end of the Southern Veins, a point from which multiple mountain ranges diverged.

Unlike typical mountain ranges, the Southern Veins were made of the same porous rock that formed the walls of the Northern Lakes. And the ones part of the Southern Veins, though stable in their structure, released all sorts of gases, most of which were toxic in nature.

Irrespective of a Pranic Beast's strength, it would die over time, even if it were a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. The Southern Veins were even more treacherous than the Northern Lakes.

Of course, the Brimgan Founder had an answer towards that. He created another plant lifeform that selectively targeted the root issue of the place and corrected it. Since the mountain ranges here remained stable, it was easier to establish foundational structures that could unleash the desired effect.

Misty Bamboo!

It was a bamboo lifeform that grew by absorbing the emitted fumes and evolved according to the type of mineral it absorbs. It was an invasive species capable of sucking in all resources of a region dry, as that was how the Brimgan Founder created them.

But on the Southern Veins where there was too much mineral emission to the extent it was toxic, the Misty Bamboo grew like they were in paradise.

Farms of Misty Bamboo were created in selective locations throughout the Southern Veins, causing them to absorb the toxic mineral emissions there and release mist into the atmosphere. The way in which they absorbed the minerals affected the flow of elements through the porous rock, pulling everything towards them.

This resulted in safe areas where buildings could be constructed for people to live in and prosper.

The reason Southern Veins were infamous for their lack of survivability chances was due to the changing chemical composition of the toxic fumes being released into the air.

At one moment, there would be toxic fumes containing iron. Another moment, it could be sulphur. Even if a Pranic Beast capable of breathing in air containing iron fumes arrived there, it would only survive for a few minutes before the substance in the fumes became something it couldn't endure.

And the simplest of these fumes was carbon monoxide, one of the deadliest substances for living beings. Methods could be created by Pranic Beasts to guard against it, but that was only when given preparation time.

Unfortunately, they would have to guard against tens of thousands of such fumes on the Southern Veins, an impossibility. Moreover, they would have to expend copious amounts of Prana just to maintain such versatile abilities, which meant they would die eventually anyway.

Of course, Empyrean Snappers could lead prosperous lives in such a place. But they didn't even exist when the Brimgan Empire was founded.

Misty Bamboos were made up of cells that could rapidly bind with a mineral and grow just by absorbing it. Due to its vitality, it constantly sprouted seeds that germinated instantly through the ambient mist in the region.

When the mineral composition changes, the Misty Bamboos absorbing the previous toxic fume would shatter at a point just above its root. A new Misty Bamboo would grow out of the root, consume it, and take its place, now capable of adapting to the new fume.

There was a frequency with which the toxic fumes changed, including their mineral density and composition. The pattern wouldn't repeat for at least a few centuries, if not even longer. So, it wasn't possible to tabulate it.

Moreover, there was a different pattern for every square metre, as verified by the Brimgan Empire. So, it was impossible to truly figure out the pattern.

Somehow, the Brimgan Founder tabulated the billions of patterns that were active all across the Southern Veins and planted Misty Bamboo there by encoding their respective pattern in their genetic material.

Therefore, a Misty Bamboo in a certain location could recognise the pattern change and be prepared for it well in advance. Therefore, it never missed adapting to the change in composition. Misty Bamboo was similar to the Geyser Cups in that they were pretty much immortal, birthing clones of each other without any structural differences, even after tens of thousands of years.

The best thing of all was the fact that a Misty Bamboo knew patterns for multiple locations, capable of sending a sprout there in the event of the original Misty Bamboo—in that location—getting destroyed through some external event.

It was how the region was maintained without any problems for so long. And of course, the Brimgan Empire protected these Misty Bamboo forests with utmost priority. Hundreds of masters were dispatched to upkeep and protect each such forest.

As for the stems of the Misty Bamboos that fall off once the toxic fume changes? They would be swiftly collected by Brimgan Empire masters through psychokinesis.

There existed large refineries that processed these bamboo and extracted the minerals from them. Since a Misty Bamboo only absorbs one mineral, it meant that the mineral in it would be pure. As long as they could extract it, they would be present with a pure slab of the respective mineral.

As they could obtain pure minerals through Misty Bamboos, the Free Human cultivators had an easier time growing their strength, since they didn't need to worry about refining ores to obtain pure minerals like in other Kingdoms and Empires.

Moreover, even if a cultivator were to refine an ore, there might be microparticles of other substances still present in it. These substances would accumulate in the Spirit Container and clog it eventually, preventing their cultivation from growing any more.

If they were to still force through and build their body, their Spirit Container would shatter, oftentimes leading to their deaths.

Such risks were minimal in the Brimgan Empire, which was why high-level masters were plenty here, at a rate superior to most Empires.

And since material acquisition was child's play in the Brimgan Empire, techniques were created in regard to refinement, which caused significant development in the art of Spirit Weapons. In terms of Spirit Weapon technology, the Brimgan Empire was the leader on Sumatra Continent.

The Human Avatars of the Free Humans in the Brimgan Empire were generally geared in regards to refining and creating powerful Spirit Weapons that they could wield for multiple purposes. Since they had never faced a mineral shortage, they diverted their surplus attention to other fields such as refining.

Walking through the road that stretched between the Brimgan Empire's entrance and the closest city, Inala noticed people travelling in all sorts of wheeled objects—cycles, roller skates, skateboards, etc.

All of them were Spirit Weapons!

There was a Free Human at the Body Stage riding a creature that resembled a horse. Its movements were beautiful and realistic. But on its back was a cushioned seat, meant to hold the ass of a fat man with bubbly cheeks.

The horse-like creature was his Spirit Weapon, created to provide him travel comfort. It seemed it had other modes, ranging from sprinting to battle. Once the fat man arrived at the closest city's entrance and was stopped by the guards, he absorbed the horse-like Spirit Weapon into his Human Avatar.

His Human Avatar was basically a container of resources necessary to build his Spirit Weapon. When he wants, he would use the resources to build it. After it had served its use, he would break it down to mineral form and retract it into his Human Avatar.

As long as he has enough Prana, he can generate as much resources as he wants in his Human Avatar. This was the most common way in which Free Humans from the Brimgan Empire built and exercised their strength.

"That's amazing!" Wittral exclaimed, genuinely awed by the ingenuity of the Spirit Weapon technology of the Brimgan Empire.



Chapter 375 Labour Association

"Refugees?" The guard standing at the entrance to the closest city frowned as he stared at the two bald heads before him and inspected their Refugee IDs, "Your purpose of visit?"

"For work, sir," Inala said and caught the IDs thrown back at him by the guard.

"Your details have been recorded." The guard said and motioned for the duo of Inala and Wittral to enter the city, "As refugees, you're not permitted to stay in the city during the night. Leave before sunset unless you wish to be blacklisted."

Once blacklisted, it'll be impossible to enter that city ever again. Inala didn't have any intention to mess up as he thanked profusely and hurriedly dragged Wittral through the city gates.

"I'm pissed!" Wittral growled in anger once they were inside, "Weak fucks like that dare talk shit! Darn, their fragile bodies and their lack of taste in beauty."

"Don't try to kill them, even by mistake." Inala spoke with a stern voice, "We have a bit more than twenty Prana. I know you're strong enough to kill Free Humans at the Body Stage with that small amount, but we won't be able to escape afterwards."

"Twenty Prana isn't sufficient for you to use Subtle Terrain Domination for long."

"I know…" Wittral groaned as he massaged his aching forehead.

At present, after obtaining the Secondary Nature of Royalty, Wittral became able to freely switch between human and Pranic Beast forms. It was no different from changing genders. He only needed to expend Prana to transform and didn't require any Prana to maintain the transformation following that.

Inala's original form was his male form. When he transforms into a female, he needs to expend Prana for the transformation. Following that, Royalty ensured his female form became his original form. Therefore, it didn't require any Prana for the female form to be maintained.

But as Inala was a Mammoth Clansman, when he transformed into a Zinger, he needed to expend Prana every second to maintain the transformation.

Wittral's case was different. He was a Pranic Beast born as a human. Since both his forms were his natural state of being, Royalty recognised them under its effect. And under the Boar King's influence, Wittral became somewhat similar to the Boar King in this regard.

Now, whether it be to change genders or change forms between human and Pranic Beast, Wittral only needed to expend Prana for the transformation. His transformed form would automatically become his base state.

This meant that he could become an Empyrean Snapper and revert back to human form without issues. No matter how strong a Free Human was at the Body Stage, Wittral could transform into an Empyrean Snapper and swat them to their deaths.

"I know what you're thinking, but control yourself." Inala warned, "Don't be impulsive. You're no longer at the Cooter Clan where you don't have to face the consequences of your actions."

"I know, I know. I'm just expressing my irritation." Wittral grumbled, "If only I had a picture of you, I could keep myself calm."

"Fine, I'll draw one for you later." Inala sighed.

"I want one for your bald self," Wittral revealed a smug grin.

"Go, die!" Inala cursed in response.

Labour Association!

An hour later, Inala and Wittral entered a five-storey building meant for daily wage labourers to find work in a variety of odd jobs. As refugees, it was impossible for Inala to start a business. Hence, he needed to grind his way up into citizenship first.

In the large hall occupying an area of 3000 square metres stood a bulletin board littered with bamboo plaques, with each containing a work for the day.

Though afar, with the words small, the moment he entered the hall, Inala was able to easily read through the details.

[Street Sweeping: Erutal Street, 80 Nariga]

[Garden Maintenance: Flook Mansion, 140 Nariga]

[Pet Care: Flook Mansion, 160 Nariga]

There were plenty of missions. The Labour Association staff were just placing the bamboo plaques. Usually, the interested individual would grab their desired bamboo plaque and get it notarised on the counter.

Once notarised, the job was theirs for the day, which meant that irrespective of who did the work, as long as the work was done properly, they were entitled to the dictated pay. This was how the Labour Association introduced the refugees into the Brimgan Empire's society.

Eventually, as the refugees continue to work, they'll eventually contribute enough to become citizens. But that didn't mean the Labour Association was meant for refugees. It simply took care of the refugees.

Plenty of citizens were daily wage labourers to meet their needs.

Wealth was unevenly distributed in the Brimgan Empire. All people with power lived on the Southern Veins in large mansions, controlling the resource-producing regions.

The powerless lived on Geyser Cups floating on the Northern Lakes. Each Geyser Cup was owned by a powerful cultivator who was a relative to a family situated on the Southern Veins.

Even though resources in the Northern Lakes were plenty, the risks were higher too, as the water levels, tides, water composition, etc. of the lakes changed continuously. Moreover, as the Geyser Cups were constantly displaced along the changing Northern Lakes, it was impossible for most of the commoners living there to live stable lives.

As a result, they took on a variety of jobs depending on where their Geyser Cup moved. If it was closer to a Southern Vein, the commoners took up labour, because it was a profitable venture for the time and effort required.

Consider the street-sweeping mission. The street needing to be swept spanned an area of ten thousand square metres, which was a bit more than an hour's work. Using Spirit Weapons, a perfect job could be completed.

Or even otherwise, it could also be performed manually if the labour wished to conserve their Prana. The compensation was 80 Nariga, which was enough to buy a simple meal and save a bit.

Due to their abundance of resources, things were cheap in the Brimgan Empire. Their currency, Briga was specially manufactured by the Brimgan Empire to be unique, updated once a century to avoid hoarding.

The currency currently in effect was called the Briga, with one Briga equalling eight Parute Fruits. Nariga was a smaller unit of currency, with a hundred of them equalling a Briga.

In a day, a cultivator could easily complete four to five jobs, earning a sufficient amount for their daily needs. Of course, doing only that much would take forever for Inala to become a citizen.

"It's better to become a citizen as quickly as possible, right?" Wittral whispered upon watching a crowd of people swarm in and fight for the well-paying jobs, making the place noisy.

"Yes, and it's for the best to take jobs with the highest amount of interaction with people of power as possible." Inala nodded and used his Tertiary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis to grab two bamboo plaques from the top.

He gave one to Wittral, "So, we'll start with this, since not many people select such jobs."

"You sure about this?" Wittral frowned, "There's a reason people avoid such jobs. It must be a hassle."

"Indeed," Inala nodded, "And the owners will constantly complain at the slightest issue. So, it's a waste of time for others. But we're different from them."

He patted Wittral on the back, "With you around, this will be a cinch."

"I see," Wittral nodded and stared at his bamboo plaque, "Pet care, huh?"

"I'm surprised the cultivators here rear Pranic Beasts as pets."



Chapter 376 Bald Amita

"Grrr!" The Pranic Beast shaped like a feline creature growled in anger, intending to chomp on the flesh of the humans before it. It had a small body, reaching a metre in length with soft fur that created cascading waves under the wind.

It had sharp fangs capable of easily digging through flesh and a zagged tail meant to puncture through the organs of its targets. It was a sadistic carnivorous creature with a bloodthirsty nature.

Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Mewcat!

Despite its appearance, it was weak, possessing 140 Prana upon maturity and having a short lifespan of forty years. In the region surrounding the Brimgan Empire, with territories carved by Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, the Mewcat was a weak race.

And as Mewcats weren't a swarm type, they were easy prey for other Pranic Beasts. But to counter their predators, the Mewcats had a very powerful ability, which was honestly one of the strongest in the region.

Primary Nature—Human Appeal!

The Primary Nature made them appealing to the Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire, birthing an urge in the Free Humans to treat them as cute little pets. That was it. The extent of their Primary Nature's effect was just that. But it was enough. For through it, they became pets of powerful Free Human cultivators in the Brimgan Empire, leading lives of abundance following that.

Though they were bloodthirsty creatures, due to the effects of their Primary Nature, Free Humans would consider them to be cute creatures desiring protection.

"Isn't she cute?" The growling Mewcat's owner, a woman in her early sixties smiled cheerfully and rubbed the Mewcat's back, "She has a bad habit of rolling around in mud. I have a party to visit tonight, so I need her cleaned up for that."

She stared at the bald woman before her, "I was afraid no one would accept the request. I don't have enough time to take care of her, you see?"

"Leave it to me, Ma'am." Inala patted his chest, "I'm very good at grooming Pranic Beasts."

"Alright, I'll leave it to you." Saying so, the woman hurried away in her carriage, "My maid will take care of the rest."

"Thank you for giving me this opportunity." Inala performed a curt bow to see the carriage speed past in a hurry, 'It feels nostalgic to see something resemble a car.'

The carriage moved through psychokinesis applied on the wheels. So, technically, it could be considered a car. If one went into detail, they could argue for either case. Anyway, Inala didn't stress about that and simply observed it happily.

He then turned around to stare at the Mewcat that continued to growl at him, tugging its chains with force to break free and gobble him up. Mewcats were selective in their targets, only using their Primary Nature on people they were comfortable around.

If a Mewcat appeared to be cute from your perspective, it meant it saw you in favourable light. This was also the parameter used by the Free Humans in the Brimgan Empire to purchase Mewcats.

Towards anyone it doesn't see in a favourable light, it appeared no different to a bloodthirsty beast. Of course, a single Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast wasn't in the least threatening to Inala, considering how he had just recently been with the apex predator of Sumatra Continent.

He casually walked towards the Mewcat and extended his hand, releasing a tinge of his presence. "Good girl."

The Mewcat curled up in fright, its earlier growling now replaced by soft purrs. It instinctively used its Primary Nature at full strength in an effort to appeal to Inala, feeling that it would be devoured by the latter otherwise.

"You should have been obedient from the start," Inala muttered as he spread his attention to his surroundings. The maid in charge of paying him for the job had just gone inside, leaving him alone in the garden with the Mewcat.

Secondary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

Once the coast was clear, Inala used Subtle Terrain Domination to draw in the mist from the surroundings and used it to clean up the Mewcat's fur. He used the same to brush its teeth, trim its nails, and a bunch of other things.

In a mere couple of minutes, the Mewcat became clean and pristine, with its fur glistening under the sun. 'This is fast.'

Inala clumped up all the waste into a sphere and dumped it in the waste bin nearby, patting his hands as he got up and stared down at the Mewcat, "Don't dirty yourself today, got it?"

"Purrr!" The Mewcat responded weakly, not daring to make a mess of itself. For some reason, Inala's presence terrified it to an extent it never felt before, even though it had more Prana than him. Though lacking in intelligence, its instincts were screaming at it to heed his order.

Seeing the Mewcat remain obedient, Inala knocked on the door and spoke once the maid answered it, "I'm done."

"That fast?" The maid exclaimed in shock and rushed to the garden to see the shiny fur of the Mewcat, "How is this possible?"

"I was an expert caretaker back in my place." Inala smiled cheerfully as he received his pay and bode his farewell, "If you ever need my services, please contact me through the Labour Association. I promise to complete any task in a jiffy."

"O-Okay," The maid nodded, a bit stupefied to see Inala whistle and walk away, muttering once he had left, "Who is this woman?"

"She has an air of royalty around her."

Primary Nature—Royalty!

Inala knew what he was doing. By being bald in a region where hair was the beauty standard, he drew attention easily. His work was rapid and the results were spectacular. Atop that, despite being dressed in shabby clothes, his actions were those of royalty. No, the very air around him resembled what emanated from someone with power.

By the time he completed his fifth Pet Care for the day, rumours had already spread around the Labour Association regarding him.

Bald Amita!

That was how they referred to him, since he was the sole bald woman in the city or possibly the entire Empire. Since it was easy to identify him, it was easy to note his actions too.

"How did it go?" Inala asked upon meeting Wittral along the way.

"Perfect," Wittral nodded, "All Mewcats become obedient when I release a tinge of presence. And it takes me less than a minute to clean them up."

Usually, Mewcats were messy, which proved to be very troublesome for the labourers who arrived to take care of them. Even if they manage to clean up the Mewcat, it would dirty itself immediately after, causing the labourers to waste more time repeating the same work.

Moreover, the majority of the time, a Mewcat remained bloodthirsty towards everyone other than its owner. So, it was troublesome to take care of them.

Conversely, it became an easy money-making scheme for Inala and Wittral, allowing them to make a reputation within the day.

"Use your abilities conservatively. Try to hide them within tools and such." Inala offered a word of advice, "Make everything think you're able to do what you're capable of only through Spirit Weapons."

"I know that, obviously." Wittral waved his hand casually and made his way to the Labour Association, "I began applying everything you said from the very beginning."

Seeing a bunch of useless items meant to be Spirit Weapons in his pockets, Inala knew that Wittral listened to everything he said, despite complaining. He followed Wittral into the Labour Association, listening in on the conversations to form a subtle smile, 'It's working as intended.'

'Our reputation is increasing rapidly. It's just a matter of time then.'



Chapter 377 Work! Work! More Work!

"A combined total of 24 Briga and 50 Nariga. Not bad for our first day." Inala counted the money in his pouch with a smile as he stared at Wittral, "An honest day's earnings are pleasurable to count."

"Well…you're not wrong about that." Wittral patted his stomach, "But I'm famished now. It has been a day since we ate anything good. And we're both too thin."

"Yes, recovering our physical strength is our first priority." Inala nodded, 'Only then can I start aiming for that mansion.'

Currently, they were in a different city. He had to save up some money to travel to Fentan City and make plans to gain entry into Arlfarah Mansion, the place where one of the ten entrances leading to the Major Treasure of Attribute would show up.

There was plenty of work to be done, since he was delayed a lot along the way. There were only thirteen years left for the Attribute to reveal itself.

By then, he had to reach the peak of the 2-Life Stage, complete merging Sumatra Gold into his skeleton and make it compatible while both his bodies were stacked atop each other, reach the final stage of both Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art, finish comprehending the data regarding his Mystic Path—present in Gannala—and finish his own using it. Finally, he had to finish preparations to summon a Bolt of Transcendence.

This was his internal requirements. Externally, he had to prevent the reincarnates from getting into Arlfarah Mansion, ensure the Boar King remains on the run and doesn't spend much time growing his strength, figure out what the Boar King's plans were towards his Ravaged Tribe, survey the location where the Second Major Disaster starts, and finally, create an environment where Gannala could develop in her Empyrean Tusk form without issues.

Last but not least, there was the Quip Tribe, with its success affecting him both internally and externally. He had to make plans for their growth and ensure that at least a single Quip Tribesman manages to become a Clansman.

The time for that has to be perfect too, which should happen right as he obtains the Attribute. Too quick or too late, the benefits wouldn't be as much as what he desired. Hence, Inala had to completely map out the route through which a Ravaged Tribe becomes a Clan.

And if possible, he will also gear them into the type of Clan that he wants for his future plans.

As it was late into the evening, Inala and Wittral exited the city, since they didn't have permission to stay there. Instead, they had to make their way towards the closest Northern Lake and board a Geyser Cup there.

"The ferry costs 1 Briga per each." The captain of the boat said.

"That's expensive." Wittral frowned at the price.

"You can always travel on your own." The captain nonchalantly waved his hand. "All labourers travel through their Spirit Weapons. These boats are only used by those with a bit of money. So, there you have it."

"We don't have enough Prana to travel that far away. Besides, it'll be too eye-catching." Inala whispered to Wittral and paid the fare.

"I don't like this place." Wittral commented once he had gotten onto the boat, commenting in disdain as he inspected its condition, "He's charging a fortune for such a trash vessel."

The Cooter Clan's ship-building skills were top-notch. Only the ships used by the Brimgan Empire's Royalty would come anywhere close. Since Wittral was now earning a living, he calculated everything based on how much he was paid. As a result, he was grumpy about everything.

'I have a lot of work left to do.' Inala sighed mentally upon staring at Wittral's expression. Honestly, Wittral would be his trump card in gaining ownership of the Attribute. Therefore, Inala had to train Wittral to be obedient towards him. 'That's still a work in progress.'

'Thirteen years.' Inala thought and observed his various Natures, 'Let's hope my mind holds up until then.'

Just keeping three Natures active for long messed him up heavily back at the Sanrey Plains. If Inala were to actively make use of all his five Natures now, he dared not think about the consequences, especially since three of the five Natures were at the Gold Grade.

Currently, followed by Royalty, his female form's Tertiary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis was the safest to use for prolonged durations, since it was a Silver Grade Nature and its influence was minimal at best.

Besides, he also could employ the same ability through the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis, making it even more safer. 'Thankfully, I have enough Influence Easing Elixirs.'

That was his saving grace, the only reason he dared gamble his case with five Natures. While Inala was deep in thought, the boat arrived at its destination.

Geyser Cup of Longevity!

That was the name this place went by. All Geyser Cups were named randomly as a means of identification. The Geyser Cup of Longevity was situated close to the Southern Veins now, and hence was the first choice of stay for many labourers intending to make some wealth in the Southern Vein Cities.

"Ready…!" An old man roared as he inspected the condition of the water. He stood at the rim of the Geyser Cup and stared into the lake beyond, watching a large cylindrical container immersed in the water. Once it was full, he shouted, "And pull!"

In response to his shout, a group of cultivators used psychokinesis to lift the container full of water and place it on the ground—forming the Geyser Cup of Longevity. There were at least a thousand litres of water in the cylinder.

The old man approached it and seeped his Prana into it, patiently beginning the refinement process as he created the cylinder as his Spirit Weapons.

Two minutes later, mist began to gush out of the cylinder walls, increasing in volume before soon, it stopped spewing out any mist. Once this happened, the old man opened the cylinder and stared at the couple litres of a greenish substance inside, "We have a great haul!"

"Sweet!"

"You rock, old man!"

"Let's feast!" The group of people accompanying the old man cheered in response as they divided the greenish substance between themselves and dispersed.

"What are they doing?" Wittral asked.

"Mineral harvest." A middle-aged man seated on the edge with a strand of bamboo in his mouth muttered casually, having heard Wittral's question, "Whenever the composition of the water in the lake becomes beneficial, we harvest large sums of it. We extract the minerals from it and feed it to the plants and Pranic Beasts reared on this Geyser Cup for food and other needs."

"It's how we make a living."

"Then why not harvest more of it?" Wittral expressed his confusion, "You can make more money that way, right?"

"Puhahaha!" The middle-aged man laughed raucously in response as he stared at Wittral, trying his best to control his laughter but failing to do so. "It's apparent that you're new to this place!"

"Tch!" Wittral felt annoyed by the laughter and walked away.

"Demand and supply, my boy." The middle-aged man shouted once Wittral was a few metres away, "It's useless to refine more since the supply vastly exceeds the demand."

"That's what it means to live in a resource-rich region."



Chapter 378 Fentan City Chaos

"Bleh!" Seated in a simple restaurant, puking his guts out was Wittral, having just tasted a piece of the meat offered in the dinner, "This is horrible."

"Even an Ewworm will avoid this."

"It's not that horrible." Inala was confused as he took a second bite of the food. It wasn't tasty, but he had eaten worse food at the Sanrey Plains. Wittral's reaction seemed overboard, especially calling the food something even an Ewworm would avoid, considering how Ewworms ate shit.

"This…is the first time in my life I have to touch the meat of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast." Wittral gasped and muttered weakly, "How do people live on this?"

'Yesh, I forgot that he was a rich young master.' Inala rolled his eyes and ignored Wittral's tantrums. He stuffed himself to the limit and patted his belly, 'I need to put on some weight.'

He was very thin now. And in this state, it would be difficult to fight optimally. Besides, he needed to develop his Spirit Container. That would only be possible once his body reached its healthy peak. 'I need to reach that point in a month.'

Based on his growth in reputation, it would take him a month to get citizenship. By then, he would have racked up enough contribution points, since he planned to take up as many jobs as possible every day.

"I'll be resting in my room." Inala said curtly and got up from his seat, "You can take your time eating."

"Warm up my bed…" Wittral had just begun speaking when he noticed that Inala had already left the restaurant.

The restaurant was established on the ground floor of the building they were at, while the first and second floors were hotel rooms. Inala had booked two separate rooms, having no intention of staying in the same, confined space as Wittral, for it was risky.

Right after entering the room, he placed a Life Bomb right over the edge, holding the door and the wall together. This way, a third party wouldn't be able to barge into his room. Security was decent at the Brimgan Empire, but there was no guarantee, especially on the Geyser Cups with a large floating population.

More than a third party, Inala was more guarded against Wittral. 'It is getting somewhat annoying.'

He groaned and reverted to his male form, feeling relaxed now as he closed his eyes and slumped on the bed. He then focused on his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, feeling the Boar King roaming in the vicinity of the Brimgan Empire, 'What the heck is he up to now?'

Honestly, he couldn't understand why the Boar King refused to sit still and was always on the move, no matter what. Sumatra Chronicles did delve into his character a lot, but that didn't mean Inala could predict his actions all the time.

He could only predict the Boar King's actions for situations already detailed in Sumatra Chronicles or he had witnessed. Sighing, Inala focused on the large clusters of data that had appeared in his mind.

They were the result of whatever the Empyrean Zingers had worked on for close to a year while trapped in his stomach biome. While transferring everything from his stomach biome to Gannala's, his Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System gathered all the memories of his Empyrean Zingers and collated them.

He hadn't had the chance to look into them, which was one of the main reasons he booked a room for himself. Now, in peace, in his male form, he accessed the information cluster, breaking into a smile immediately after, "Hahaha!"

All the understanding he needed regarding an Empyrean Zinger's body was there now. Meaning, as long as he comprehended this information, he would face no restrictions in building his body.

That meant the only time he would need to spend on would be the building process. As long as he has a large enough reserve of Prana and Empyrean Tusk bone powder, he could finish his body within the next two years.

That wasn't all. The data he needed to build a second body—basically stacked on his first body—was also available. The complications in stacking two bodies while keeping them identical, the method to refine the tusk bone powder to build a uniform body, and finally, the optimal way to consume tusk bone powder without damaging his body, etc. Everything he needed to reach the peak of the 2-Life Stage was now available in him.

It was thanks to the Empyrean Zingers collectively researching the information extracted from him by Gannala.

The benefits didn't stop there. The Empyrean Zingers researched Mystic Bone Art too, creating all the necessary ammo for his needs.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

Inala used the data through Mystic Skill Creator and gained complete access to the third portion of Mystic Bone Art, finally able to peek at the final portion, one meant to reach the Transcendent Stage.

He bombarded the final layer with the available data but ran out of Prana soon enough. 'But, it's just a matter of time. In a year or two, this would be achieved. That means I only need to worry about accessing the final portion of Mystic Mist Art.'

A bunch of Skills and Skill theories were also created. As long as Inala spent some time comprehending them, then he would be able to condense a bunch of useful Skills through Mystic Skill Creator.

"In a month, I'll prepare myself," Inala muttered and activated Internal Inertial Gravity, using its influence to counter Subtle Terrain Dominance.

His situation was pretty sticky, despite the extent of strength he had attained. First of all, his male form was part of Gannala's Settlement. Secondly, his female form was part of Wittral's Settlement.

Therefore, the closer he stayed to either Deity, the greater their respective influence on him as Mammoth Clansman and Cooter Clansman.

He spent the better half of the night meditating to curb the influences and ensure his mind remained intact. Following that, he went through his plans one more time and double-checked everything, ensuring he didn't gloss over any details.

Finally, he observed the Boar King's position one more time, noted down the places the latter kept visiting, and then changed to his female form, his expression one of worry as he pulled up Fhoong Brimgan's data, 'Judging based on the level of fear I fear and the location of prickle, the Boar King is at Fentan City. He remained there for two hours.'

"Shit, what is he up to now?" Inala cursed in response, because if the Boar King made repeated trips to Fentan City, it meant that he had something important there. That was odd since there was never such a thing for him in Sumatra Chronicles.

It meant the actions of the reincarnates caused a butterfly effect that influenced the Boar King to do something at the Brimgan Empire. After some time of thought, Inala had a guess, 'I'm the cause.'

Indeed, if the Boar King were to create a Ravaged Tribe, then he would need to develop them in a safe location rich with resources. The best option for that was the Brimgan Empire, a domain of Free Humans through whom he could create a Ravaged Tribe.

There were as many Free Humans as he needed here. The Boar King already displayed to Inala and Wittral the fact that he too could create an item with effects similar to an Inhibition Needle.

Adding up everything, Inala made a reasonable conclusion, "His Ravaged Tribe should be at Fentan City. I should confirm this as soon as possible."



Chapter 379 Mammoth Elders

Mammoth Clan!

It had been a month after the fight against the Boar King. By now, the Empyrean Tusks had accumulated enough resources to begin moving once again. Virala's actions already weakened them. And now, after facing the Boar King, it would take them at least five to six decades to make a full recovery, if not longer.

Though, with Blola's help, there was a chance they could recover a bit faster. Raaha was actively thinking of a plan to recover their strength as soon as possible, for that was the only way in which they could resist the Boar King's attacks.

The Boar King might target them in a decade once he reaches the 2-Life Stage. Therefore, recovery took tantamount importance.

In the caravan that had now been tethered to the tail of the 103rd Empyrean Tusk, seated in one of the largest houses was Grehha, having the entire house to himself. Elites at the peak of the Body Stage were posted around his house, meant to protect him. The leader of the guards was a master at the 2-Life Stage.

This level of strength was enough to handle any unforeseen situations.

Hovering before him was an Empyrean Incubator unleashing waves of Empyrean Tusk essence into an egg in the centre. And slowly, its colour changed, becoming ivory.

Upon seeing it, Grehha grinned, "It's done."

He shrunk the Empyrean Incubator until it layered the egg and placed it to the side, amongst a pile of ivory eggs, numbering in the thousands. He then used psychokinesis to carefully pack them in large boxes, around twenty per each.

And labelled on each box was an Empyrean Tusk's number. Once they were ready, he carried the box marked for the 1st Empyrean Tusk and exited the house.

Accompanied by his team of guards, he made his way to the 1st Empyrean Tusk, taking advantage of the time when the herd had stopped to conserve their energy.

Arriving at the foot of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, Grehha waited until a bone platform landed before him. Once he boarded it, a master lifted up the platform and brought it a quarterway up the Empyrean Tusk's leg.

Another master took control of it after that and sent it to the stomach. In such a way, after four masters took control, the platform arrived atop the 1st Empyrean Tusk's head. Grehha got down and approached an expansive building made out of the grooves formed on the exoskeleton.

The design was more intricate than other Empyrean Tusks, almost resembling a crown, meant to display it as the strongest Empyrean Tusk. There was a large door serving as the entrance.

"Wait for some time." The master standing guard before the entrance said curtly and turned silent, acting no different from a statue.

The Mammoth Clan Chief was always busy, so it wasn't an issue that Grehha had to wait. Rather, he was one of the few elites who received permission to approach Raaha whenever they wanted. Even Settlement Leaders didn't have that privilege.

It took an entire three hours, following which the door opened. Grehha stepped to the side and watched a group of old men walk out, emanating a bloody stench that was extremely nauseating. It was too strong, making Grehha feel an urge to barf.

Their gazes cold, the old men spared a glance at the box in Grehha's possession and walked away. Grehha made eye contact and felt like he was staring at a corpse. The eyes of the old men were bereft of life, their expression blank as if they were merely staring into the air.

Without a change in their gait, they walked away and entered a certain building on the 1st Empyrean Tusk's head to continue walking through a channel inside that probably trailed into the biome in the Empyrean Tusk's brain.

'Something like that exists?' Grehha was stunned, having never expected an Empyrean Tusk's brain to be a biome too, 'That wasn't mentioned in Sumatra Chronicles.'

"It must be your first time seeing them." Raaha's voice resounded in his ears as Grehha recovered his bearings, "Well, get inside first."

"Yes, Chief." Nodding in a hurry, Grehha entered the house and noticed the door close behind him. There was just him and Raaha in the place, separated by a long table.

"You want to know who they are?" Raaha eyed Grehha's expression of curiosity and motioned towards a nearby seat, "Take a seat first."

"Am I…supposed to know this information, Chief?" Grehha asked, nervous. The Mammoth Clan was infamous for silencing anyone who didn't heed their directive.

The only reason the reincarnates hadn't been offed was because of the Mystic Paths. That was why their actions were greenlit by the Empyrean Tusks who forced Raaha to turn a blind eye to whatever they did, irrespective of the consequences of their actions.

"Yes, it's a necessity, since you'll be working with them soon." Raaha stared at the box in Grehha's hand, "Today's meeting was regarding your proposal."

"They weren't exactly happy, you see." He said, turning silent after that.

"Who are they, Chief?" Grehha asked, "And why haven't I seen them before?"

"They are Mammoth Elders." Raaha replied, seeming as if he had been waiting for the question, "They are the ones responsible for selecting the Mammoth Clan Chiefs and determining who will birth the 1st Empyrean Tusk's successor. They are the deciding authority for a bunch of pivotal decisions that will change the Mammoth Clan a lot."

"I thought all that was done by you, Chief." Grehha expressed his confusion, "Aren't you the strongest? Only the Boar King is stronger than you on our continent. And those…Mammoth Elders were weaker than me. They're only at the Spirit Stage."

"In terms of strength, they have no authority. But, they are born for the role." Raaha took a moment to gather his thoughts and spoke, "They are from the first generation."

"First…Generation?" Grehha asked in shock, "You mean they are from the Mammoth Ancestor's time?"

"Yes," Raaha nodded, "To ensure the Mammoth Clan continued to function according to the Mammoth Ancestor's vision, she left behind a few arrangements. First of them is the Mammoth Treasury, which is how I gained the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle when I became Chief. Second are these Mammoth Elders."

"Before their deaths, a Mammoth Elder will use a special Skill created by the Mammoth Ancestor to condense all their memories into a Bone Slip equivalent. They'll pick a newborn for their purpose."?Raaha spoke calmly, his eyes slightly cold, "While it's still in the womb, this Bone Slip equivalent would be merged into its head through a secret Skill."

"Thereby, when the child is born, it is as if the Mammoth Elder had reincarnated. Any talent or intelligence it might have possessed originally would be rewritten by the Skill to ensure both the baby's body and mind are the same as the Mammoth Elder's." Raaha continued, "In this manner, the Mammoth Elders have continued their legacy for generations, continuing to live and breathe for the sole purpose that is to serve the Mammoth Clan."

"That is why, to avoid any external influences, they remain at the Spirit Stage." Raaha said, "And, they have vehemently opposed your plan. They feel your actions will pollute the grandeur of our Deities."

"Are they being serious?" Grehha asked, slightly irritated, "This is the only way to strengthen ourselves. Isn't that why you supported my research, Chief?"

"Yes, which is why," Raaha nodded and got up, his tone serious as he stared at the box, "Come with me."

"We'll prove to them that your plan is a must for our future." His expression was cold as a subtle layer of Prana congealed on his skin, "Honestly, I have been getting tired of their conservative ways and the recklessness pursued by the Empyrean Tusks."

"So, prove it to me, Grehha." He said, his tone solemn, "Prove that my choice is better for our future."



Chapter 380 Bone Viper

Grehha and Raaha walked through a narrow channel whose entry was restricted. Every second, Grehha could feel powerful waves of Internal Inertial Gravity washing over him, barely managing to avoid harming him.

He wasn't part of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's immune system. Hence, the latter's immune response was instinctively trying to get rid of it. The Empyrean Tusk diverted part of its attention to avoid killing Grehha.

Thankfully, they intended to keep their visit short. So, the 1st Empyrean Tusk wouldn't experience a rash. The deeper into its bodies a foreigner went, the stronger the Empyrean Tusk's immune response.

When it was an enemy, the Empyrean Tusk could simply focus on killing them. But when it was a Mammoth Clansman, it had to exercise caution to avoid harming them, which stressed it gradually until a rash broke out.

"Walk faster." Saying so, Raaha broke into a sprint, blazing through the channel. In response to it, Grehha enveloped himself in an Empyrean Incubator and turned it through psychokinesis, chasing after Raaha like a rolling ball.

In a minute, they were within a pulsating world filled with mountains of flesh resembling ranges, condensing a voluminous sum of information. Prana flowed through the ground in waves, forming electric sparks that arched through the sky like lightning, carrying vast sums of information.

Right as Grehha entered, he could see a six-storey tower in the centre of this world, one connected to the pulsating waves of Prana. A good number of the lightning bolts slammed into it and seemed to be absorbed into it.

"Chief, I thought the Mammoth Treasury had merged into your body." Grehha expressed his confusion.

"It has, but it can be extracted as I please, since I control it." Raaha said, "Since I already obtained the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power, I'm keeping it safe here. And this biome can only form thanks to the Mammoth Treasury. And it's also here that the Mammoth Elders live and make plans."

"The 1st Empyrean Tusk reads their minds and follows their thought process."

"So, that's how it works." Grehha nodded and accompanied Raaha towards the Mammoth Treasury and entered it, arriving at a vast grassland. He had been here before to receive a Minor Treasure of his choice.

Grehha stared at the blinding pillars of light that reached the sky, amazed.

"Spectacular, right?" Raaha smirked, "This is the Mammoth Clan's true wealth. We have gathered this generation after generation of painstaking effort, braving through countless deaths."

"Follow me." He said and walked towards a simple house situated at a corner of this world, knocking on the door thrice before he entered, "I greet the Mammoth Elders."

"Haven't we made the decision just now, Chief?" The living room consisted of a round table, around which sat sixteen people. One of them, an old man with a cropped beard spoke, his expression unmoving despite seeing the Mammoth Clan Chief.

Even though the table appeared like a mere piece of furniture, it was the most complex Bone Slip in all of Mammoth Clan, having been refined and developed over thousands of years. The volume of information contained in this table was beyond what a single Empyrean Tusk could handle.

The function of the Mammoth Elders was to collate and gather all data and add it to the table, named the Mammoth Slip. They would discuss various matters and keep refining the pool of data for future generations, ensuring the Mammoth Clan developed on the right track.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala developed the seven Mystic Paths through this information, since it obtained that through the inheritance from the then 1st Empyrean Tusk.

"Go ahead, prove your point." Raaha patted Grehha on the back and stood still, allowing the latter to make a case.

"Greetings, Elders." Grehha bowed and got right to the point as he opened the box, "In here are twenty eggs I refined specifically to protect the Empyrean Tusk's insides."

"When they hatch, depending on the Prana they absorb, they'll become part of the respective Empyrean Tusk's immune system. They'll be Pranic Beasts with the same function as us, but as they are mere Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, they are expendable. Their numbers are easy to recover too." Grehha said, thinking for a moment upon seeing the unimpressed looks of the Mammoth Elders.

'They have lost touch with reality. Then, there's a simple solution.' He smirked and said, "They can collect resources on our behalf and repair the Empyrean Tusk's body. And if worst comes to worst, they can combust themselves and directly become part of their Deity's strength."

"Explain further." One of the Mammoth Elders said, his interest captured by the last point, "How exactly will they become part of our Deity's strength?"

"That's through the three Natures they have," Grehha said, noticing everyone stare at him in absolute shock, including Raaha.

"You mean…" Raaha pointed at the eggs with trembling fingers, "All of them will be born with three Natures?"

"Yes, that's how I made them." Grehha nodded.

"Even you didn't know about this, Chief?" One of the Mammoth Elders asked.

"I supported his plan once I came to understand the Primary Nature possessed by these Pranic Beasts." Raaha sighed and stared at Grehha, "I never thought you would upgrade it beyond that."

"I got the idea after the Boar King attacked us." Grehha said, "Since our situation is desperate, I felt inspired to improve. Both its Secondary and Tertiary Natures are merely genetic traits already in them. I simply mingled them with their Prana to turn them into Natures."

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Bone Viper!

With a Prana capacity of 910 at maturity and a lifespan of ninety years, it was a pretty decent Pranic Beast. Reaching a length of three to four metres on average, it sported forelimbs, looking similar to a Mud Viper in terms of body structure.

But covering it from head to toe was an exoskeleton similar to an Empyrean Tusk, giving it potent defence. Its body was already perfect to crawl through the groves on an Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton and the network of channels spanning through its body. Now, it has become even more specialised to live in an Empyrean Tusk.

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

This was the same Primary Nature as Grehha, one that allowed the Bone Viper to release a mist that would solidify into bone upon coming into contact with the target. And this bone was made to be compatible with the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton.

Thereby, when the Empyrean Tusk fights the Boar King and gets its exoskeleton shaved off by the latter, the Bone Vipers could hurriedly produce more of the substance. In terms of quality, it was lacking, but using Mystic Bone Art, the Empyrean Tusk could refine the produced amount and quickly create its powerful exoskeleton.

This gave it more freedom of movement and less resource consumption when it entered a battle state.

"Yeah, this was enough to convince me." Raaha nodded once Grehha finished explaining the Bone Viper's Primary Nature.

By now, the Mammoth Elders had their attention on Grehha as one of them retorted, "But rearing a Pranic Beast in the body of our Deity is unforgivable."

"No matter how much we control them, they'll never be Mammoth Clansmen." He argued.

"Yes, Elder. You make perfect sense, which is why, I formed its Secondary Nature." Grehha grinned, watching the faces of everyone freeze up in shock and experience an identity crisis a moment later.



