Chapter 111 Carcass Snail

"How do you plan to do that?" Asaeya asked, now even more confused than before.

"There are some ways, but we need more information first." Inala then tapped his head, "I also need to comprehend all the memories I received from the previous Gannala."

"For the time being, we'll accumulate more resources and cultivate." He continued, "We'll set 200 Prana as the goal. Only after that will we take action. Until then, you look around for more clues in the female settlement while I'll do the same in the male settlement."

"We have no idea how many Pranic Beasts are in this scheme and which human Kingdom they have been targeting all along. Let's map out everything first before taking action." He stared at the egg containing the new Gannala to conclude, "We're reaching the limit to how long I can store her in the egg. So, our first priority is to determine if we're far away from Dieng Canyon."

"Got it," Asaeya nodded and got out of the cave, "As all Pranic Beasts in this region are nocturnal, it's the safest to move around during the day. As the Rooster Clan is asleep at this time, I'll look for more clues."

Once it was afternoon time, Asaeya entered the settlement and began to look around for more clues, conveniently using her powers to ensure everyone was asleep.

In the meantime, Inala sent his three Empyrean Zinger Scouts to glide around different parts of the region. As they slowly lose their altitude while gliding, they'll travel in a circle and arrive at the foot of the mountain.

Following that, they would scale up the mountain and arrive before Inala. Once they were in range, he would be able to use their connection to access memories in their bodies like a Bone Slip, hence obtaining all the knowledge they had gained from surveying the region.

Immediately after that, the scouts would leap and glide away to another area. The three Empyrean Zinger Scouts made repeated trips.

Among them, a scout approached the river and dived in, varying its body's density to head deeper underwater. But after reaching a certain depth, there was just darkness. Until this point, the Empyrean Zinger Scout hadn't managed to spot a single Pranic Beast.

After floating around the river, failing to find anything, it approached the region where Asaeya said another settlement existed. The marked region was a rock forest filled with cactus-like plants.

While the Empyrean Zinger Scout flew in its miniature form, discrete, it spotted a human carrying a trident made from a material resembling coral. But, it was many times tougher.

The human was a male, in his early twenties, carrying a bag of tree sap as he approached an average-sized cactus in the region. With a tug of his Prana, the cactus's stem opened like a door to reveal a flight of stairs inside.

Two people stood guard inside, calmly staring at him. The Empyrean Zinger Scout stealthily landed on his bag and hid amidst its creases, watching as he descended through the flight of stairs. The path was two metres wide while the steps resembled glass.

It had been created by melting and pouring sand over a rocky layer, creating a decently smooth surface to walk upon. It was also easier to carve stairs this way instead of having to carve on stone.

Even though such a task was nothing much to comment on for a cultivator, judging by the way they used molten sand that was brittle and had already cracked at a lot of places, the one in charge of it simply didn't seem to care.

Cracking sounds resounded as the man stepped on the steps, walking through the long stretch of stairs, the path illuminated by luminescent crystals embedded in the walls. After almost ten minutes of nonstop walking, the man entered a large underground dome, spanning at least an area of 10 square kilometres.

Large coral reefs filled the region and strewn across them, forming thick sheets of moss were the mattresses where the humans slept. Judging by the lack of walls, the concept of privacy seemed non-existent.

The humans wore minimal fabric to cover their bodies, focusing solely on the nether regions. The fabric was pretty much dried moss that was flattened to resemble fabric. It didn't have life and usually tore off after a few days.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout jumped off from the bag and scaled up the dome, staring from the safety of the ceiling, observing a group of women seated on a large coral reef platform. They were making thinly compressed plasters of moss, intending to turn them into clothes later.

A group of men entered and left a large coral reef that served as a room. Stored in them to the brim were eggs. A man entered it and came out with a dozen eggs. He found a corner and sat there, using his prana to ignite some dried moss, treating it as fuel.

Using his Prana, he wrapped each egg with a thick layer of wet moss and made them hover in the fire, turning them slowly. A few minutes later, the moss had been burnt off. The eggshell now had a bluish-green colour, vibrant just like the moss.

He cracked open the shell and ate the boiled egg that was inside, relishing the taste. Upon inhaling the smell, the Empyrean Zinger Scout drooled due to hunger. But it wasn't distracted and instead focused on its mission, staring at a group of people walking towards one corner of the dome that sported a massive hole.

On the other side of the hole was the river water, its only indicator being the sounds generated by its undercurrents. Due to the depth, sunlight couldn't reach here, making everything dark.

For a moment, the Empyrean Zinger Scout wondered why the river water didn't gush inside the dome. Only then did it notice something stir up in the hole. No, the entire hole was being blocked by a shelled being that was almost transparent in nature.

It corked the hole, with the upper half of its body submerged in the river. And taking advantage of the river currents, it was consuming the soil at the river bed.

The upper half was a fleshly entity while the lower part was a thick shell. It seemed the creature could also change the shape and size of the shell as it pleases, covering its entire body with it if it so pleases.

It was a strange Pranic beast. The Empyrean Zinger Scout had no idea of what it was. Hence, it began to look around the dome, scouring for any information, spending the entire day in response. Finally, it found out about its name.

Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Carcass Snail!

A transparent Pranic Beast that could only survive in the depths of the river where light couldn't reach. Its sensory organs wouldn't be able to handle an exposure to light that would overwhelm it. Carcass Snails were one of the few mobility-lacking Pranic Beasts in Sumatra Continent.

Hence, they would set up home at an advantageous location on the river bed where multiple undercurrents merge. These undercurrents transport the soil at the river bed, the primary food of the Carcass Snail.

Upon consuming the soil, the Carcass Snail generates moss on its shell, termed Shell Moss, its Primary Nature.

The Shell Moss generated on its lower back was consumed by humans while the content generated on its upper body was taken adrift by the undercurrents, later feasted upon by the Slump Lizards that made home at a shallower depth, alternating between the depths where sunlight reached and where it didn't.

And despite their ferocious nature, not once did the Slump Lizards try to target the Carcass Snail. Soon, night approached as suddenly, the body of the Carcass Snail turned opaque, taking on a shade of black.

It opened its mouth and shot out streams of Shell Moss that jutted out of the river, dancing overhead like leeches did at the scent of blood. As it danced, large pieces of Shell Moss fell off from it and rained on the river.

The Slump Lizards went into a frenzy as they consumed the Shell Moss and then charged out, spreading everywhere on the shore like a wave.



Chapter 112 Mollusc Tribe

The Slump Lizards seemed unable to control their hunger, devouring the Shell Moss to their limit. And once they did so, they were at the beck and call of the Carcass Snail, hence charging across the surface.

An Empyrean Zinger Scout kept watch over the river, observing everything in detail. It didn't have night vision and hence couldn't see things clearly. But it could still rely upon other senses to get a feel for things happening at the moment.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout within the dome approached the Carcass Snail's shell and determined a spot undetectable to the people, watching from there.

The moment the Carcass Snail unleashed the streams of Shell Moss and instigated the Slump Lizards, the people within the dome grunted as their bodies began to change.

A shell began to protrude out of their backs while a mucous membrane covered their face, allowing them to breathe underwater at such depths. The shells had no other function other than to serve as a deformity, making the people struggle.

Ravaged Tribe—Mollusc Tribe!

The Mollusc Tribe seemed significantly less evolved than the Rooster Tribe as they weren't even able to handle their transformation properly. Of course, since they intended to proceed in the aquatic evolution route that was against their original nature, the challenges were steeper.

The Mollusc Tribe approached the Carcass Snail's shell and touched it, gradually seeping into it like it was jelly. The bodies of each Mollusc Tribesman were carried in such a way throughout the Carcass Snail's body and brought to its front before the Pranic Beast spit them out.

The Mollusc Tribesmen swam towards the river bed and began to mop the floor with their tridents, creating streamlined patterns. They were careful with their actions, having enough expertise.

One Mollusc Tribesman did the same when his trident's tip hit something hard. Like a shovel, he carefully dug out the object, watching sand slip through the gaps in the trident, revealing a fist-sized egg.

It was a Slump Lizard egg. The Mollusc Tribesman secured the egg in the shell on his back, continuing to sweep the river bed. Every few minutes, he found an egg.

Placed on his shell was a luminescent crystal that illuminated his immediate vicinity. The range seemed to be three metres, beyond which the light wasn't bright enough for his eyes to make out anything.

The Mollusc Tribesmen moved as a group, staying within two metres of each other to keep the region continually lit.

Suddenly, right as he dug out another egg, the Mollusc Tribesman lost his balance and fell hard on the river bed, sustaining bruises in response. He got up in a hurry and thrust out with his trident, skewering a Slump Lizard.

As their eggs were being stolen, the Slump Lizards retaliated, targeting the Mollusc Tribesmen. Waves and waves of them charged at the Mollusc Tribesmen, resulting in a bloody battle breaking out between the two sides.

The strange thing here was that despite their superior numbers, none of the slump Lizards targeted the Carcass Snail. Rather, they treated it as an ally.

The Primary Nature of Shell Moss affected those who consumed it. They would be gradually brainwashed to develop a repulsion towards harming the Carcass Snail. And the greater the quantity of Shell Moss they consumed, the stronger the repulsion.

If this is kept up for a while, the consumers of the Shell Moss would naturally begin treating the Carcass Snail as an ally. That was what happened to the Slump Lizards, for their primary diet was the Shell Moss that existed in large quantities throughout the river.

Moreover, the Shell Moss also dissolved into the river water, affecting any being that drank the water.

After some time, the Empyrean Zinger Scout planted a Prana Bomb on the Carcass Snail's shell, observing its opaque body tremble in response. But as it couldn't move, it was helpless.

By the time it notified the Mollusc Tribesmen about feeling pain at one location on its shell, the Empyrean Zinger Scout finished consuming the Prana Bomb as it reverted to its miniature form and climbed onto the ceiling in the dome.

For the rest of the night, it observed the fight between the Mollusc Tribe and the Slump Lizards. When dawn approached, the Mollusc Tribesmen entered the Carcass Snail's mouth and were transported into the dome.

Immediately after that, they stored the harvested eggs and reverted to their human forms, collapsing to the floor in exhaustion. The Tribesmen in charge of other duties arrived to their assistance and helped them settle into their sleeping quarters.

The Mollusc Tribesmen lived an even more simplistic life than the Rooster Tribe. All they did was fight and gather eggs for consumption. They did nothing else. Very rarely, a Mollusc Tribesman was sent to the surface to harvest tree sap from a cactus.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout stealthily approached the door and used its jaws to chew open a tiny door. It could only be accessed in its miniature form as it arrived outside and climbed to the top of the cactus.

It leapt into the air and glided towards another cactus. Following that, it climbed to its peak and jumped once again, repeating the process of traveling from one cactus to another.

Soon, it entered the forest and used the trees to glide around, eventually making its way to the Rooster Tribe's settlement. The Empyrean Zinger Scout's body expanded, reaching a size of thirty centimetres as it began to climb up the mountain faster.

Secondary Nature—Internal inertial Gravity!

Its body was strengthened, allowing it to flicker across the slope and arrive before Inala. It reverted to its miniature form once again, landed on his head, and began to sleep.

Accessing its memories, Inala understood what the Carcass Snail was up to, having a better idea of the scheme in place. He then iterated the information to Asaeya who used her Spirit Weapons to draw a map of the region on a slate of bone, jotting down the details.

"You said the Slump Lizards spread radially?" She asked while making the map.

"Pretty much," Inala nodded.

"Was there any difference in their population density?" She asked next.

"Now that you mention it," Inala recalled the imagery seen by the second Empyrean Zinger Scout, saying, "There were streams with more than the usual number of Slump Lizards. One of these streams approached this settlement."

"Can you point me their direction?" Asaeya asked as she drew the lines, making the density pattern exhibited by the Slump Lizards.

By now, she had carved a realistic model of the entire region's terrain based on the imagery Inala fed her through a Bone Slip.

Staring at the bone slate that spanned an area of four metres, Inala pointed in the direction with the densest stream of Slump Lizards, "I'll send my scouts this way next."

"I think that's where the human Kingdom is located."



Chapter 113 Baby Gannala Wakes Up

"Uwaa…Wah!"

The baby Gannala was crying once again. The lifeforce infused into the egg was used up. But even when Inala infused more lifeforce into it, she showed no signs of sleeping.

And the moment she woke up, she felt suffocated to be inside the egg. But the problem was that if Inala were to open it like before when she was asleep, her crying voice would resound. If they failed to be out of the range, then her cries would bring the Boar King to them.

"Inala! Make a bigger egg!" Asaeya shouted in a fluster, "Encase this cave inside it. That way, we'll at least be able to buy enough time."

"Okay," Inala nodded and condensed a giant Prana Bomb, one that spanned a size of three metres. It encased the entirety of the cave inside it as the egg holding the baby Gannala shattered. Her cries resounded throughout the egg but thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the giant Prana Bomb's shell, her cries were sealed.

"Uwaa!" The baby Gannala flailed her hand, seemingly hungry.

Asaeya was carrying her in her hands. Suddenly, her face twisted in pain as her joints dislocated. The baby Gannala turned more than a hundred times heavier, the rapid increase in weight harmed her arms. "Shit!"

"Keep her on the floor," Inala shouted from outside the giant Prana Bomb. But of course, his voice couldn't reach Asaeya. However, once he turned it translucent, she was able to see him.

After her joints dislocated, she dropped the baby Gannala on the floor, stunned to see cracks form on the giant Prana Bomb from the point of contact. As for the baby, she didn't even seem to sport an injury.

The baby Gannala kicked with her legs softly, creating an imprint on the giant Prana Bomb. She was merely two days old and even then, her strength could damage the Prana Bomb, not a regular Zinger's Prana Bomb, but Inala's.

Even a Zinger Scout's Prana Bomb was tremendously hard. As an Empyrean Zinger, Inala's Prana Bombs were on a whole other level. When even that was harmed by a baby merely two days after birth, it was nothing but a stronger confirmation of her existence.

Empyrean Tusk!

The new Gannala sported the appearance of a human baby. But she had already begun to manifest the traits of her Primary Nature. That was why her body density shot up all of a sudden.

But that wasn't the real issue. Asaeya stared in worry as baby Gannala's body began to shrivel up slowly but surely, "She's losing nutrients fast!"

Unlike in Inala's case where Internal Inertial Gravity only took effect when activated, it was pretty much a passive skill in baby Gannala's case. The only time it would even deactivate is upon her death.

The amount of energy required to upkeep an Empyrean Tusk's body was a ginormous sum. Theoretically, an Empyrean Tusk had around 8398 Prana. But, that was only in terms of the Prana flowing through its body.

Every single organ in the Empyrean Tusk was a biome, holding resources capable of piling up to become mountains. These resources were constantly processed by the organs, replenishing the Prana that was being constantly consumed.

Empyrean Tusks had the highest upkeep necessity. And even though baby Gannala was just a newborn, the moment her Primary Nature began to unleash its effect, the volume contained within her organs began to increase.

Space within them was being enlarged. And such an action required a lot of Prana. As a result, her body mass was being combusted to be converted into Prana. If they don't do something to replenish her Prana, she will die.

Asaeya grabbed a Prana Bomb that had already been cracked by Inala. With a poke of her finger, a hole formed, allowing her to pour out the contents.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, Asaeya created a bottle to house the contents in order to feed baby Gannala. Prana surged into her dislocated joints and forcibly recorrected them. She growled in pain, preparing herself for more pain to come the following days as she took care of the baby.

Thankfully for her, the moment she activated her Mystic Bone Art, baby Gannala turned calm. She slowly turned her head and stared at Asaeya to let out a smile.

"Here, eat." Asaeya was awkward in her actions as she brought the bottle toward baby Gannala's mouth, unsure if she was doing the right thing. Through her Prana, she controlled the nozzle, causing a drop of fluid to drip into Gannala's mouth.

"Gua!" The baby Gannala made a face of dissatisfaction but drank the fluid. A few seconds later though, she gently lifted her head, stunning Asaeya as a pair of incisors grew in a matter of seconds. Following that, she chomped the nozzle and swallowed it.

"That's dangerous!" Asaeya shouted as she used her Prana to make the bitten nozzle fly away. Had the baby Gannala swallowed it, she would have ended up choking. Of course, that was in terms of a normal human baby.

Whether or not it applied to Gannala didn't matter. Asaeya wasn't sure, but she didn't wish to take the risk. With the nozzle bitten off, the fluid gushed out. Through her Prana, Asaeya held it back and continued to make droplets drip in baby Gannala's mouth, slowly.

But it seemed the baby had other thoughts as she made a funnel shape with her mouth and unleashed a strong suction force, causing all the fluid in the bottle to gush into her mouth. Like a sinkhole, she swallowed it.

And a few seconds later, unleashed a loud fart, expunging all the extra air she had swallowed.

"Ugh!" The absurdity of the situation made Asaeya's head spin. She then turned around to stare at Inala, motioning with her hands to show she could handle their situation, somehow.

"Be safe," Saying so, Inala left the weakest Empyrean Zinger Scout behind while he took the other two with him and began to climb down from the mountain.

His goal was to determine the name and location of the human Kingdom. As long as they were far enough, he could retract the giant Prana Bomb. But otherwise, they would have to flee.

'For the Prana necessary to flee at our fastest speed, I would require high-quality Prana in large amounts. The only way to obtain it is from the Rockatrice and Carcass Snail.' For a moment, Inala hesitated, as such an action would result in the deaths of the Rooster and Mollusc Tribes.

But upon recalling the face of the Boar King, he grunted in anger, 'Even if I don't like her, she's still my daughter. And I don't plan on dying anytime soon.'

"Shit!" Roaring as such, he used Internal Inertial Gravity and bolted through the forest, coldness gradually settling in his expression.



Chapter 114 Entering a Human City

Through his psychokinesis, Inala made an Empyrean Zinger Scout fly 60 metres diagonally upward, allowing it to keep watch over the area and alert him beforehand of any danger.

The second Empyrean Zinger Scout revolved around him as Earth did around the Sun while the Sun moved in its path through space. This Empyrean Zinger Scout made course corrections on its own and whenever its altitude dropped, Inala lifted it up.

As both Empyrean Zinger Scouts were in their miniature forms, it was hard to notice them. This was one among the dozens of reasons Inala obtained this power.

In terms of brute power, it wasn't all that high in the power scale of Sumatra. But in terms of versatility and survivability, he felt it stood at the top.

Especially his Tertiary Nature. It was the most important variable that gave him the necessary versatility. It first allowed him to treat all Empyrean Zingers as Bone Slips, either by touching them with his body or by Prana, as long as they were in range.

Since they were part of his immune system, through the influence of his Primary Nature, their bodies could shrink or revert to their original size. As Empyrean Zingers were Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, their intelligence was on par with humans.

When they were in his range, Inala could control their bodies like Spirit Weapons. It wasn't just this. But his Tertiary and Secondary Natures combined to influence his Primary Nature, allowing him to control the size of his Prana Bomb and Life Bomb.

Through Prana Bombs, Inala could accumulate food and Prana resources and store them. And though he couldn't increase his maximum lifespan, but by drinking the fluid in an unhatched Life Bomb—one meant to birth a queen—and absorbing its lifeforce, Inala could rapidly regenerate his body.

It perfectly assisted in recovery, whether for him or others.

Survival, scouting, individual battle prowess, recovery, assisting, etc. his abilities checked all the boxes necessary to survive in Sumatra Continent.

Sumatra Chronicles repeatedly stressed upon a fact—it wasn't the strongest that survived on Sumatra, but the fittest.

Inala rushed in the direction where he judged the human Kingdom existed. By reducing his weight to the limit, he leaped, allowing his leg muscles to spring him forward the most. Immediately after his feet left the ground, he raised his density, shooting forth like a cannonball.

This way, the effects of wind resistance against him were the least. Right as he was about to land, he reduced his density to the limit, gently landing on the ground like a feather, barely making a sound.

This way, he was like a ninja, making his way through the forest, covering ten metres with every jump. He wasn't always accurate, but the more he moved in this way, the more he became attuned to the process, accumulating experience.

He sprinted for three hours nonstop before gasping in exhaustion, arriving at a stop. He had expended most of his Prana to maintain such an explosive speed. He took out a Prana Bomb from his Storage Lantern and ate it, resting a little to catch a breather.

Once his digestion started and his cultivation technique began to replenish his Prana, Inala sprinted again. His two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch of everything. Hence, he could blindly rush forth without any problems.

Thankfully in the past two days, he had accumulated a lot of Prana Bombs. Even after leaving most of them with Asaeya to help feed the baby Gannala, he still had enough to fill his Storage Lantern to the brim.

The problem with Storage Lanterns was the fact that each floor only housed a cubic metre in space. This aspect could never be improved. Otherwise, the space within would destabilise and it would require constant input of Prana.

That made them uneconomical. Hence, a cubic metre was the limit per floor. A Four-Storey Storage Lantern was pretty expensive in that regard. But that was it. There was limited space in it. 'In the future, when I have enough money, I'll purchase more of them.'

He was getting thirsty, but he dared not drink the river water upon knowing what the Carcass Snail was doing to it. Hence, he limited himself to the filtered water stored in his Storage Lantern.

By pouring water into a bone container, all a Mammoth Clansman had to do was activate the Mystic Bone Art, and all substances harmful to a Mammoth Clansman would be absorbed by the bone container.

But as the process took time, he couldn't do that for now, focusing on running instead. It took him eight hours of nonstop running before a walled city came into view. 'I'm finally here!'

The walls reached a height of forty metres, appearing robust. There were signs of wear and tear on it, not to mention damage sustained from Pranic Beasts. But they had all been expertly patched up.

Inala climbed to the top of a tree and made an Empyrean Zinger Scout hover sixty metres above him, taking advantage of the vantage point to scour beyond the city walls, observing that it was a lively city.

At a simple glance, there seemed to be at least sixty to eighty thousand people living here, a lot of people for a single city. The buildings were made of stone, cylindrical in shape with fan-like roofs of wood that dangled down, resembling birch trees.

Judging by the sheer scale of activity and the decorations installed in the buildings and streets, not to mention the clothes adorned by the people, it was a rather prosperous city.

Upon seeing it, Inala felt mildly relieved, 'If the frontier city is this developed, then the Kingdom isn't weak or anything. Rather, it should be a major human civilization. The only one of such a scale in this region ought to be the Rumtara Kingdom.'

Strong-looking guards were posted at the entrance. And upon seeing the well-paved road, it was apparent that there was a lot of traffic in the form of visitors.

Inala didn't have the patience to go through the front entrance and deal with all the formalities that ensued. He only wished to confirm one detail for the time being. Everything else could wait until then.

At an altitude of sixty metres, the Empyrean Zinger Scout surveyed the top of the wall, noticing a location where the line of sight of the soldiers didn't reach.

An Empyrean Zinger Scout glided to a height of ten metres from the ground while the second was at a height of twenty metres.

Inala made a beeline towards the wall and leaped, landing on the first scout that he used like a foothold. By making his body weightless, he lightly made a second leap, landing on the second scout.

Making the first scout assume its miniature form, he controlled it like a Spirit Weapon and quickly moved it to an altitude of thirty metres when it enlarged. Upon landing on it, he made one more jump and arrived at the top of the wall. It only took him four seconds to do this.

In a similar fashion, he descended on the other side, using his Empyrean Zinger Scouts as gliding footholds in the air. Since he could control them like Spirit Weapons, he could micromanage his landing positions, able to correct any human errors he made.

In ten seconds, Inala had crossed the wall and had now officially entered a human city.



Chapter 115 Searching for Information

The moment he landed in the city, Inala leaped towards the closest house, calming down as he used his two Empyrean Zinger Scouts—in miniature forms—to look around.

The house was a three-storey building. Followed by a couple of leaps, he landed on the terrace, rolling between the decorations to avoid detection from a couple of passersby.

There was an obvious difference in their clothing style. Inala would stick out like a sore thumb if he were to move around in his current Mammoth Clan outfit.

To blend in with the exoskeleton settlement, the clothes of Mammoth Clansmen solely consisted of shades of ivory. Depending on the shade of the exoskeleton in the part of the Settlement they lived at or spent the majority of their time, their cloth shade varied.

As he had been living at the rear end of the settlement that had a darker shade of ivory, almost bordering on grey, Inala's clothes matched that.

In terms of the fabric itself, there was a difference. As Mammoth Clansmen lived high up in the sky where clouds constantly passed through, they wore non-porous fabric to avoid any moisture getting into their clothes.

Moreover, they were heavy and stuck to the body tightly. After all, wavy clothes would be caught in the wind and act like a parachute, causing them to be sent flying by the wind.

The clothes of Mammoth Clansmen were thick body suits resembling wool in terms of texture. The men had cropped hair while the women mostly sported shoulder-length hair, often tied into a bun to avoid it flailing in the wind. It was considered offensive to leave their hair free.

The clothes in the city formed a complete contrast. The clothes here were baggy, for both men and women. Ribbons were attached to the sleeves, making them dangle like leaves. The ribbons were helical in shape for men and straight with circular ends for women.

The colours were vibrant, the flashier the better. Oftentimes, three to four vibrant colours formed a piece of cloth.

As Inala observed them, he understood that the higher one's status in society, the greater the number of vibrant colours in their clothes. The tackiness of the vibrancy too varied accordingly.

The people here didn't seem to have the habit of cutting their hair, allowing it to grow freely. The longer the hair, the better their prospects as an attractive individual to the opposite sex.

The only difference between the two sexes in terms of hair was their headgear. The men wore helmet-like headgear that covered their heads—the hair-growing region. At the end of the hair existed a conical container like a hair clip, fully housing the rear end of the long hair.

In contrast, the headgear of the women only covered their forehead, expanding slightly towards their hair. They formed designs similar to the crown of a peacock. Depending on one's fashion sense, the shape of the crown varied, but none of them ever touched the hair. It only existed on the forehead like the armour of a Triceratops—dinosaur.

When a Mammoth Clansman walked, they tried to occupy as little space as possible, because of the lack of space on an Empyrean Tusk. Everything was meant to be optimal.

But here, on the surface, space wasn't an issue. And that factor was clearly reflected in the behaviour of the people that occupied as much space as possible while they walked. Their ribbon-filled clothes dangled around their bodies.

A person here occupied at least four to five square metres of area while walking. Adding onto the distance between the people, even on the wide streets spanning a breadth of 30-40 metres, the volume of traffic was sparse.

From the terrace, Inala observed their actions, sending his Empyrean Zinger Scouts to listen in on their conversation. One of them landed on the ground and ran like a cockroach. Upon approaching a conversing target, it turned itself weightless and leaped like a leech, landing on a dangling ribbon.

The ribbon didn't even flinch when it landed, so the owner wasn't even aware of its existence. By sensing the Prana in her body, the scout determined that she was weak.

Spirit Stage—22 Prana!

It was a woman in her early thirties. The fact that she had such a pitiful sum of Prana meant she didn't even cultivate. This was the Prana her body naturally accumulated as she ate food and worked over the years.

The woman seemed to be a shopkeeper, selling shelled wares of some kind. Inala couldn't even make sense of their purpose. Instead, he focused on the task at hand, listening to their conversation through the scout.

"You know my son is preparing for the Academy Exams, right?" The shopkeeper lady said.

"I know, I know. Your eldest son is talented." One of the customers chatted, a friend of the shopkeeper, "I heard he has already accumulated twenty Prana. Isn't he a genius then?"

"Of course," The shopkeeper lady boasted, "In four years since he started cultivation, he has achieved this much. His teacher has praised his talents and says he'll get into the Academy this year."

"All Academy graduates are at the Body Stage." The customer exclaimed in admiration, "He could immediately become a powerful soldier. I'm envious. If only my sons were half as talented. Haah!"

After listening in on their conversation, Inala got a basic understanding of their power structure. 'This place has sizeable power. Judging by the lack of worry these ladies exhibit, it's not the characteristic of a Kingdom.'

Inala felt confused. After all, Sumatra Chronicles delved into the life of many Kingdoms. The people there primarily focus on food, shelter, and cultivation. That was all their life revolved around, down to the lowest class of citizens.

All of them would be desperate for resources, to cultivate better and possess enough strength to at least preserve their lives. That was how most Kingdoms were.

But here, things were different. People were calm and collected. Moreover, judging by how significantly the beauty and fashion industries had developed here, with shops selling ornaments lining up the entire street, it was apparent that their economy was stable enough to develop secondary and tertiary needs too.

'That's the characteristic of an Empire.' Inala felt a headache, 'Where the fuck did we land?'

His knowledge only extended to what Sumatra Chronicles showed and what he learnt from the Mammoth Clan. Sumatra Continent was too vast to be aware of everything. And this place was one such region.

He didn't have a single idea of what to expect from here. After looking around for some more time, Inala felt nervous as there was too much miscellaneous information available around. 'This won't do. The giant Prana Bomb can at most last until dawn. I need to return before then.'

He looked around and jumped from one terrace to another. Suddenly, the house owner arrived on the terrace of one such house. But before he could even register Inala's appearance, a Prana Hand knocked him unconscious.

Inala moved locations until he arrived before a restaurant. Upon observing the type of crowd that visited the establishment, he realised he could find the information he needed. Followed by a leap, he landed on the establishment's terrace and sneaked in.



Chapter 116 A Rather Forceful Interrogation

The establishment was a sprawling restaurant, spanning five storeys, with the sixth transformed into an open balcony meant for VIPs. The sixth floor was currently vacant. There was a dressing room in one corner within which sat five women, their ages ranging between early to mid-twenties.

By slipping in an Empyrean Zinger Scout, Inala probed their strengths, 'They are all at the Spirit Stage, decently weak.'

By decently weak, he meant their Prana was in the range of 50s. It wasn't much to write home about but it also wasn't little. In the end, they were slightly weak.

Judging based on the shopkeeper's earlier boast, the fact that such young girls had so much Prana meant they were fairly high up in the social ladder and were decently talented. Of course, that was in the perspective of this region.

They were all too weak from the Mammoth Clan's perspective.

Situated opposite the dressing room, positioned on the other corner of the balcony was an office room. Seated within it was a middle-aged woman that wore a dress with four colours.

Based on his primitive understanding of this society, he judged this middle-aged woman was pretty high up on the social ladder.

Cling!

"This month's revenue is five percent higher." Safara smiled in satisfaction as she poured a bag of coins into a chest. The clinking sounds produced by the coins caused her immense satisfaction, "I can never get enough of this sound!"

She picked up a coin and played around it with her finger. The coin spanned a radius of two centimetres, pretty large in size. It was made from pearl, dense and hard to break, even for her.

Embedded on the front was a denomination of '100' and on the back was the bust-up image of a man who seemed to have been of prominent status. His getup was of a level of grandness unmatched by others, extremely tacky.

Safara was the proprietress of the Golden Town Restaurant, having established her place of operation twenty years ago. From there, she quickly made a name for herself, amassing a lot of wealth.

The currency of her place was called Pella. It was backed by the authorities using Parute Fruits. The current exchange rate was 40 Pella for every Parute. Using a local currency allowed the authorities to control the flow of resources better.

Every time people wished to exchange money with Parute Fruits for cultivation, they had to approach the authorities. Hence, the authorities had a perfect grasp of the place's power ecosystem.

Safara didn't have any talent for cultivation. Hence, she remained weak during her prime years. But, she did have a talent for business. Once she set up shop and amassed a fortune, she used it to purchase a lot of cultivation resources, eventually reaching the Body Stage and cementing her authority on the business street.

Once she entered the Body Stage, she truly felt strong, using up even more resources to purchase Eruppa, an expensive mineral to forge her Avatar. Safara was assured by then that she had truly entered her golden age.

But now, she was reconsidering it. Her body was slick with sweat as her limbs turned cold, numb with fear. It was unknown when it happened, but by the time she realised, someone stood behind her.

And a hand, cold to the touch, hard, resembling bone, made contact with her shoulder, "Make a squeak, and you're dead."

"Little girl, isn't it rude to play around like this?" Safara quickly gathered her bearings, judging based on the entity's voice that she was only a little girl, fourteen or fifteen years of age. She riled up her Prana while acting calm, intending to attack, "Entering someone's office isn't good manners…"

"One more word, and you're dead." Suddenly, Safara felt a loss of words, gasping for air as her Prana was sucked into the bony hand, shocking her. Two seconds later, the process stopped, "Have you calmed down now?"

"Try that one more time and I'll destroy you and everything you've worked for."

'She knows what I was about to do?' Safara was terrified. The mineral fused into her Spirit Container was Eruppa, an expensive material with calming properties.

She generally used it to keep her restaurant's atmosphere calm and pleasing, one of the reasons her customers continued to increase, especially ones with fat wallets. Eruppa calmed one's mind, allowing the body to relax.

In a tea setting, that was perfect when accompanied by aromatic incense. The effects were even better for a massage session, another popular venture she had opened recently.

But there was another reason Safara chose Eruppa. It can forcefully calm a target. If the target was in a battle state, they would find it difficult to gather their strength as their body continued to relax.

Hence, the majority of the time, she won a fight before it even started. Eruppa's effects were unleashed through an energy medium, hence it was hard to guard against.

The moment she noticed the intruder, Safara had unleashed Eruppa's effects in full swing. Moreover, hidden under the view of her clothes were her hands that transformed into a pinkish-yellow crystal. She had activated her Eruppa Avatar already.

But despite that, the entity behind her expressed no change, as if her ability was useless, "W-Who are you? And what do you want?"

"Pretty simple," The voice resounded calmly, "Tell me about this place."

"A-Are you from outside…" Safara asked, intending to casually turn around and sneak a glance at the intruder.

"I'm the one asking questions." The voice resounded. Safara was unable to move anymore. The bone hand pressing down on her shoulder suddenly grew in weight, rooting her to her seat, making her unable to even budge an inch.

'W-Who is this person?' Safara was going mad from terror. Her voice stammered as she began speaking in reflex, intending to survive, "This is Ellora Trade City in the Ganrimb Kingdom. There are 7 such cities, 19 towns, and 200 plus villages. There are approximately 90,000 people per city, 20,000 per town, and one to two thousand per village."

"Ganrimb…Ganrimb…Hmm," In his feminine form, Inala thought and asked, "What's its relation to the Brimgan Empire?"

"Our founder is an exiled Prince of the Brimgan Empire." Safara felt like she had become a statue as only her mouth moved, "His followers left the Brimgan Empire and established a Kingdom here 380 years ago."

'380 years ago…Then, judging by the Brimgan Empire's cultivation technique, this Prince should very well be alive. Since this place is connected to the Brimgan Empire, then things are simpler.' Inala was relieved as he asked, "How far is this place from the Brimgan Empire?"

"I'm not sure…aah!" Safara spoke when her Prana was siphoned once again, causing immense pain. Suddenly, the drawers nearby opened and a bunch of scrolls were pulled out. At the sight of them, her face paled in response, "P-Please, don't kill me."



Chapter 117 Mudropper

Inala didn't blindly target Safara. He first observed the type of customers that entered her restaurant. Most of them were high-profile people, ranging from bureaucrats to even nobility.

If the people frequenting her establishment were people of such calibre, then sensitive information ought to circulate there, especially since the restaurant also promised them other activities, from alcohol to casual gambling.

Safara's powers were also geared towards making her target relax. And if someone is relaxed, and starts downing alcohol and are having an enjoyable time, they are bound to blurt out a bunch of state secrets.

She was perfectly sneaky about everything, intending to use such secrets as leverage to strengthen her influence. Therefore, her customers didn't seem aware of it. Maybe they were aware and didn't seem to mind. That part wasn't exactly clear.

But Inala was able to judge that Safara knew more than her strength could handle. Hence, she was the perfect target to interrogate.

Secured in her office were a bunch of scrolls with sensitive information that she had collected over the years. By appearing as a teenage girl, he made Safara drop down her guard for a moment, using that opportunity to observe her body language.

It was how he determined where the scrolls were. It did save him some time, instead of needing to search through her entire office.

"P-Please don't kill me." Safara trembled in fear, 'If my possession of such information is made public, I will be killed.'

"Relax, I'm not interested in anything other than the information you have." Inala expressed annoyance, "Give me what I want and I'll leave."

In Sumatra Continent, it was tough to travel from one place to another. After all, even after reaching the peak of cultivation, travelling through dangerous Pranic Beast territories one after another was a death sentence.

Therefore, the most valuable of all were maps. To make a map took decades to centuries, leading to the loss of countless lives of explorers. Bit by bit, the information was accumulated over the years.

And in times of crisis, this information was used for the betterment of the Kingdom or Empire.

It seemed Safara had an ability similar to photographic memory, developed through her Eruppa Avatar. Through it, she gleaned information from the bureaucrats, bits and pieces, over the years and compiled them into a map of her own.

"I wanted to set up a mine in the future to harvest valuable minerals." Safara said, "Anyone that controls a mine becomes one of the wealthiest in the Kingdom. It was with this thought in mind did I splurge all my wealth to purchase Eruppa."

Her Eruppa Avatar only covered her hands, despite her earnest efforts to procure it. This mineral was just that expensive. After all, the more her Eruppa Avatar developed, the greater her lifespan became.

From the Mammoth Clan's perspective, that was the same as fusing with a beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Therefore, Safara was playing the long game here as she was guaranteed to live for a long time.

'It seems my judgement was correct this time.' Inala thought and opened the map, frowning in response immediately, 'Shit!'

The map wasn't detailed, but it listed prominent locations. He quickly looked through it and spotted a known location, 'There's Rathar Desert. I remember Sumatra Chronicles mentioning it being located 17,000 kilometres away from Dieng Canyon.'

The Rumtara Kingdom and the Brimgan Empire were also listed on the map. Rumtara Kingdom was located 22,000 kilometres North-East of Ganrimb Kingdom while Brimgan Empire was located 12,000 kilometres North.

Rathar Desert was 44,000 kilometres South-West to Ganrimb Kingdom. And 17,000 kilometres south from it was the edges of the Dieng Canyon.

The Dieng Canyon was a sprawling terrain, too large to comment about, spanning thousands of kilometres in size. Therefore, had they arrived at Rumtara Kingdom, they would have just been beyond the 100,000 KM range for the baby Gannala's voice to be heard by both the herd and the Boar King that were in the Dieng Canyon.

But by being in the Ganrimb Kingdom, they were well within the range for baby Gannala's cries to be heard. It was why Inala was cursing mentally, 'Once the giant Prana Bomb breaks tomorrow, her voice would be heard loud and clear. Even if I can create larger Prana Bombs over and over, it doesn't solve the root issue.'

'Baby Gannala cannot live inside the Prana Bomb for long. Her development would be hindered. Moreover, there's a limit to how much resources I can stuff inside a Prana Bomb, not to mention the maximum size I can make one.' He grunted, estimating, 'The most I should be able to buy is a few days' worth of time. If baby Gannala's growth accelerates, that time falls shorter.'

In short, the Boar King would be hot on his trails soon after. 'I need to do something about that first.'

Inala looked through the maps and all other scrolls Safara had collected, recording everything in a Bone Slip. He then knocked her out and left the establishment, stealing a bunch of items along the way, including her money.

Safara was filthy rich anyway. It wouldn't hurt her to lose a few days' worth of revenue. With that thought in mind, he made preparations for him and Asaeya to eventually settle in the Ganrimb Kingdom. They planned to stay there until they prepared enough to make the journey to the Brimgan Empire.

Traversing 12,000 kilometres through Pranic Beast territory was suicide. He first would have to determine a safe route and then accumulate enough strength and resources for the journey.

Since the Ganrimb Kingdom migrated 380 years ago, they were definitely in possession of a safe route that they had traversed through before. His goal up next was to find the route. 'But first, I need to make a plan towards the Boar King.'

Inala observed the wall for a few minutes. And once the coast was clear, he leaped out and sprinted towards the closest forest, having returned to his male form. By accessing the Bone Slip, he observed the map of the Ganrimb Kingdom, 'The reason this Kingdom could develop like an Empire is thanks to the actions of the Rockatrice and Carcass Snail's group. There are five of them in total. And one of them is the Mudropper that's said to have gone extinct eons ago.'

There was a large ring covering the territories of both the Ganrimb Kingdom and the Ravaged Tribes under the rule of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast each. This ring was special and had been created by the Mudropper, an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast, a special entity.

'Mudropper!' Inala's eyes shone with greed, 'If I can get my hands on its egg, I can get a Mammoth Clansman to fuse with it. It'll be a strategic power unlike anything.'



Chapter 118 Prana Blood Skill

Inala didn't immediately rush to the Rooster Tribe settlement. Instead, he had something to check first, before nightfall approached.

The ring shown on the map spanned a radius of 500 kilometres. Towards its south was Ellora Trade City, the place he had just visited. Westward from it was the Rooster Tribe settlement.

He was currently running south in the direction closest to the ring. It was late in the evening when he arrived before the ring and stared at it in surprise.

Before him stood a curtain of darkness where light or sound didn't exist. It felt eerie, like the end of the world. Inala approached it and passed his hand through the curtain of darkness. There was no change.

Of course, the place didn't have any such effect. After a moment, he threw a piece of bone into the curtain of darkness, sensing it fall onto the ground before beginning to slowly sink into it. He waited patiently, watching it arrive at a halt eventually, 'I see, so the depth is only a hundred metres.'

Sandy-Grey Void!

That was the region before him. But, it wasn't the original Sandy-Grey Void that surrounded Sumatra Continent. No, this was a result of the Mudropper's ability.

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey!

The Mudropper was capable of consuming the soil of a region before blasting it out with the properties of the Sandy-Grey Void. Eventually, once enough of this grey sand fills an area, all light in the covered region vanishes, absorbed by the grey sand.

The sound too faces the same plight, turning the region—with the grey sand—into one where light and sound didn't exist. Even if someone were to use a torch or a luminescent stone in the region, all produced light would be absorbed instantly, maintaining the darkness of the place.

That wasn't all. The sand too behaved like quicksand. So, anyone who dares set foot on it would begin sinking into it.

Of course, if that happened in the original Sandy-Grey Void, death was guaranteed. But here, that wasn't the case. The layer of the soil with the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void only extended to a depth of 100 metres. Below that was just the regular soil of the region.

Therefore, after sinking to a depth of a hundred metres, his Spirit Weapon arrived at a stop. If he wished, he could use the Spirit Weapon to drill through the regular ground and appear on his side.

Based on the map, the Sandy-Grey Void formed a circle with a radius of 500 kilometres. As a result, external Pranic Beasts avoided this region, creating a safe haven. That was primarily the reason for Ganrimb Kingdom's successful development.

It seemed the authorities were aware of what the Rockatrice and its group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were planning. But, they didn't do anything to stop it. Rather, they welcomed it.

After all, the actions of the Silver Grade Pranic Beast group created this region that was almost on par with an Enclave, as a result creating a safe haven for all sides to develop and prosper.

It was a tacit understanding between all involved parties.

The ring of Sandy-Grey Void was only a kilometre thick. Therefore, it wasn't impossible to leave it. All he had to do was drill a tunnel at a depth of 100 metres and safely move to the other side.

The reason he didn't think of moving through the Sandy-Grey Void was simple. As it had been a couple minutes since he threw the Spirit Weapon, the connection between the two was cut off.

The Sandy-Grey Void simply ended up consuming his Spirit Weapon. Moreover, before it did that, it erased all traces of his Prana signature on the Spirit Weapon. 'This will do.'

A plan formed in his mind as Inala turned around and rushed in the direction of his cave. Night set soon after as Slump Lizards streamed out of the river and flooded the region.

Thump!

Inala crashed hard into the ground, coughing out blood from his nose getting bashed by the impact. His Prana Hands grabbed the closest two Slump Lizards and drained them of all Prana.

But while they were targeting the Slump Lizards, a few more approached him, leaping on him. "Move!"

Inala condensed Internal Inertial Gravity in his hands and punched them, sending them flying away. But, he winced in pain as their carapace was hard and sharp, ending up pricking him. Even though he could punch them to their deaths with a single hit, his hand too got messed up in response.

Slump Lizards charged him one after another, causing him to fall to the ground every time he tried to get up. If not for having no other choice but to return before dawn, Inala would have wished to remain in the safety of the city during the night and only depart by morning.

But by then, the giant Prana Bomb would have shattered, causing baby Gannala's shouts to be transmitted. That would drastically reduce his preparation time. Hence his need to rush.

"Wait a second…" He frowned after falling for the hundredth time, muttering as he stared at his bloody self, "This isn't how a Zinger fights."

He recalled the way they fought at the Dieng Canyon, also drawing inspiration from Safara's Eruppa Avatar. He finally activated his trump card and condensed over a dozen Prana Bombs.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

During his stay at the 44th Settlement, the 44th Empyrean Tusk bathed him with her blood daily. Applying that experience to his Mystic Skill Creator, Inala derived the Prana Blood Skill.

For every entity in Sumatra Continent, Prana flowed in their blood. Just as how the blood carried oxygen, Prana too existed as atomic particles carried by it.

That was how Prana was circulated throughout the body, as it was a component carried by the blood. Similarly, the Spirit Container was a cell within the heart. A single cell held a single unit of Prana.

As the heart was the first to react to any external stimuli, including the body's emotional response towards it, once it varied its heart rate accordingly, so were the Spirit Containers affected, for they were situated exactly there.

And if the stimuli were too much, straining the heart, these Spirit Containers shattered.

While the heart pumped the blood, the Spirit Container injected traces of Prana into it, causing the blood to carry the Prana. While the heart regulated the blood flow, the Spirit Container regulated the Prana Flow.

Inala's Prana Blood Skill fused the Spirit Container into the heart temporarily. Instead of two regulatory bodies, there was just one, causing large amounts of Prana to be pumped through the blood.

It was a process that strained one's body. After all, the Spirit Container was the body part most suited to house large quantities of Prana. The rest of the body wasn't suitable for that.

That was why, only a part of the Prana in the Spirit Container would be sent to circulate through the body through the blood. This implied that when the entity used a Skill or Primary Nature, they could only draw upon the Prana circulating in their blood.

The Prana Blood Skill overcame that limitation.



Chapter 119 Making a Rocket?

As the Prana in the blood is used up, the Spirit Container would inject more. It would take some time for the new blood carrying Prana to circulate throughout the body.

This meant there was a limit in the amount of Prana a cultivator or Pranic Beast could draw upon to activate their Primary Nature. They couldn't just use up all their Prana Reserves for one massive attack.

Prana Blood Skill achieved exactly that. By fusing the Spirit Container with the heart, it allowed all his Prana to circulate through his body. It was a dangerous ability.

If he maintained it for a long enough duration, his body would casually explode.

And even after deactivating the Skill, side effects would persist, turning him weak for a significant duration.

His Prana would become unresponsive for a short while and he would feel sluggish. Therefore, it was meant as a trump card to unleash an explosive burst of power.

Thump! Thump!

Intense pain reverberated throughout his body as Inala felt the strain having his 100 units of Prana circulate freely through his body at once. He immediately condensed a bunch of Prana Bombs and activated his Mystic Bone Art, morphing their shapes.

Like pieces of puzzles, the flattened Prana Bombs latched onto his body, spreading out like ink as they covered his body like skin armour. Save for the hands, everywhere else was covered by the Prana Bombs.

A Slump Lizard latched onto his leg, intending to bite his flesh off. But the moment it touched his leg armour, it shrieked in pain as its Prana was being absorbed. It wasn't alone as many of its brethren faced the same plight.

Two mounds formed on his chest armour as its overall form lost girth noticeably; Inala took on his female form. She aged by a couple of decades as two Life Bombs were created—ones birthing a queen.

A Life Bomb hovered before her hand each and merged to become armour there. She extended her hand and grabbed a Slump Lizard stuck to her leg armour, watching its shrieks worsen as its lifeforce was being absorbed now.

The effects of many Slump Lizard Primary Natures were unleashed on her, causing her to remain face flat on the ground. She simply refused to move. Only when she did would she fall victim to the effects of Grand Slump, the Primary Nature of a Slump Lizard.

The only action she did was extend her hand to grab hold of the unfortunate prey that had its Prana sucked by her armour. Through her hand armour, she absorbed their lifeforce and gradually regained her teenage figure.

A crowd of Slump Lizards had piled upon her by now, despite many of them simply falling victim to her abilities. Moreover, none of them were able to dent the armour, helpless. Their Primary Nature was their strongest offensive ability. And that was rendered useless on an immobile target that was already flat on the ground.

Primary Nature—Life Bomb (Queen)!

Like a bowling ball smashing through pins, Life Bombs flew around the hordes of Slump Lizards, absorbing their Prana and lifeforce en masse.

Every time Inala grew older after throwing out a Life Bomb, she extended her hand and grabbed a Slump Lizard stuck to her armour, absorbing its lifeforce. The moment she returned to her natural age, she chucked out another Life Bomb, repeating the process.

Thanks to the effects of the Prana Blood Skill, her absorption of both Prana and Lifeforce was at terrifying levels, causing at least one Slump Lizard to die every second.

And once filled to the brim, the Life Bombs flew away and slammed into the trunk of a tree, latching to it. Both Prana Bombs and Life Bombs could stick to any surface.

And unlike a Zinger's, the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs created by Inala could be controlled by her. Meaning, whether they stuck to a surface, whether they absorbed Prana, Lifeforce, or not, all could be controlled and alternated at her sole discretion.

That was the primary difference between a Zinger and an Empyrean Zinger, the pinnacle evolution attainable by the Zinger race.

The Life Bombs attached to the tree trunks steadily grew in number. Contrastingly, the number of Slump Lizards swarming Inala had only increased in response, forming a mound that reached a height of ten metres.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The weight of their bodies was no longer anything to fret about as Inala calmly endured their attacks, accumulating at least a Life Bomb every minute.

For the next four hours, Inala simply accumulated Life Bombs. Upon seeing that she had reached her limit, she got up and swatted around while raising her body density to the limit, sending the heaps of Slump Lizard carcasses flying away.

Since there were so many carcasses of their brethren lying around, the Slump Lizards were no longer able to sense the presence of Inala once she hid within a ringed wall formed by their carcasses.

"Phew, this is bound to hurt!" Inala said and caused the armour covering her body to fall off, save for the hand armour. With a thought from her, the fingertips transformed into sharp claws.

Inala tore open her clothes, revealing her bare chest. Followed by a deep exhale, she cut open her chest carefully using the claws, feeling extreme amounts of pain. All she could do to persist was chomp through a Life Bomb and drink its lifeforce-rich juice.

Inala carefully ripped out her left lung, almost fainting from exhaustion in the process. The lifeforce from the Life Bomb rapidly began to regenerate another lung. Once that was done, she ripped out her right lung and fainted.

The two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch beside her, leaping on her forehead as they used the Bone Slip ability to allow her to access their thoughts.

[Wake up!]

[Wakey! Wakey!]

A couple of minutes later, Inala woke up thanks to their efforts, gasping as she stared at her chest. The wounds had already closed up by now. Her lungs too had regenerated without issues. She only had to consume around ten Life Bombs for this.

Inala grabbed a hundred Life Bombs and fused them to the two lungs, creating a three-metre-long item resembling a rocket's lower half. It spanned a radius of twenty centimetres, sporting two nozzles. Each nozzle was a lung's vent.

Thanks to the copious amounts of lifeforce present in the 100 Life Bombs, the lungs would continue functioning for a while. 'As long as it works for a week, it's enough.'

But, that wasn't the end of her suffering as Inala captured a couple hundred Slump Lizards and knocked them out first. She then sat beside them and ripped out her digestive system, one organ after another, fusing them with a bunch of Life Bombs to add to the rocket.

Since her digestive system was being ripped out, she relied upon her hand armour to absorb lifeforce from the captured Slump Lizards, healing thanks to that.

An hour before dawn, she had completed the rocket, dead tired, feeling like shit having subjected herself to such torture, "At last, it's done."

She was utterly exhausted, but her eyes sported an excited glint, akin to a mad scientist, "Now, to activate it."



Chapter 120 Flying is Forbidden

Reverting to his male form, Inala inserted a Prana Bomb—filled with Prana—in the rocket's mouth. The rocket's mouth was part of the Spirit Weapon made using his mouth. Therefore, it could crunch the Prana Bomb and cause the fluid within to spill out.

Its internals were pretty much made out of his digestive system. Hence, the fluid was soon transformed into Prana which was absorbed by the pair of lungs at the back.

Through the nozzle, the two lungs gradually began sucking in the air once Inala activated Internal Inertial Gravity throughout the rocket, concentrating their effects within the lungs.

As Prana continued to surge in the lungs, coupled with Internal Inertial Gravity, space began to expand within, causing more and more air to be absorbed and compressed inside. While this was happening, Inala poured all the filled Prana Bombs and Life Bombs into a giant Prana Bomb.

The rocket was mounted on its back, with its mouth within the giant Prana Bomb, allowing Inala to insert Prana Bombs—into its mouth to fuel it—while seated inside.

Attached to the bottom of the Prana Bomb were a pair of wheels, affixed to a simple suspension system. Trailing from the sides were aeroplane wings. Flaps, rudders, and ailerons were fitted in their respective locations.

All of them were Spirit Weapons, allowing Inala to control them individually.

He took a seat and waited patiently in the cockpit. A couple of straggler Slump Lizards attacked the object, but as it was created using Prana Bombs, contact only caused its Prana to be absorbed.

It took ten minutes for air to be compressed to the limit within the lungs. Inala braced himself and activated it, "Here goes nothing!"

Boom!

A powerful thrust of air was unleashed through the two nozzles, causing the vehicle to shoot forth, lifting off in a matter of seconds. Thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity, Inala didn't even feel the inertial vectors from the launch speed.

"It took off!" He shouted, having turned the portion of the giant Prana Bomb before him translucent, able to see outside now. The Slump Lizards retreated in fear at this mysterious creature, watching it take flight, an unprecedented case in Sumatra.

Unfortunately for Inala, he had been in the air for less than a dozen seconds when suddenly, the wings attached to the giant Prana Egg vanished.

No, they didn't shatter from friction. They didn't fall off due to the Primary Nature of the Slump Lizards. No, it was something grander, and eerie. The wings simply vanished, as if they never existed there in the first place.

The vehicle slammed into the ground and sustained damage in the process. But its insides were unharmed thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity.

Inala rushed out in a hurry and stared at the location where the wings ought to have existed, "What the…"

The location where the wings were attached to the giant Prana Bomb was smooth. Inala frowned, but as he didn't have the time to search his surroundings, he hunted some Slump Lizards and refined their bones into a pair of aeroplane wings once again.

Ten minutes later, the lungs were filled with compressed air. This time, Inala focused on the wings as the vehicle took flight once again, placing all his attention on it. He regretted it immediately after.

A mysterious eye, ethereal in nature, reddish, scaly in appearance, jotted with a million irises. It appeared next to the wings and stared at it.

Cause and effect seemed to have been changed. In an instant, the pair of wings vanished, as if they never existed in the first place. The mysterious eye vanished as the vehicle slammed into the ground.

Inala rushed out and sprinted to the previous crater where the vehicle had first crashed, shocked to see a bunch of Slump Lizard carcasses lying around, "Fuck!"

These Slump Lizard carcasses were supposed to have been strewn around with pieces of their flesh mashed up. After all, their bones were taken out and used by Inala to make the wings.

But now, when he approached a carcass and touched it, he felt the skeleton inside, 'The wings reverted to their original forms, location, and structure. It's as if I never refined them into the aircraft wings in the first place.'

Since it had happened twice, he would be an idiot if he still failed to understand what was happening. Recalling Sumatra Chronicles, he muttered, "It's not that no Pranic Beast can fly in Sumatra. Since they are constantly evolving, they ought to have evolved in the direction that allowed them to fly. Since that means they would become the race that dominates the skies."

Flying was forbidden!

That was an absolute rule placed on the world, possibly by some omniscient entity with the power to alter cause and effect. Therefore, the moment a Pranic Beast evolves to gain a pair of wings or obtains a Nature granting flight, cause and effect would change, reversing their gains.

Thereby, flight becomes impossible. In his case, he was only using his basic abilities to create a thrust. The only item granting flight was the pair of aircraft wings. Hence, they were erased through cause and effect.

Thereby, the bones used in refining the wings returned to the carcass of their original owners, forming their skeleton, even though the Slump Lizards were dead.

That was a valuable lesson for Inala. Had he tried something like that on his own, he himself would have been erased through this mysterious power.

'Wait, how did nothing happen when the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot us into the sky?' He recalled the moment when he was shot into the sky—within the giant Prana Bomb—by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

When the Boar King rushed at him, he caused aircraft wings to appear on the giant Prana Bomb and used it to change his direction of flight. But nothing happened back then, 'So why now?'

He stared at the air slowly flowing out of the nozzle as the space within vanished, realising what was up. "When the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot us into the air, from the moment we left its trunk, we had begun decelerating. Therefore, that case was merely a projectile shot out with tremendous force. That wasn't pure flight."

He then stared at the nozzle, "But now, when I was in the air, I was constantly accelerating thanks to the thrust. And with the wings controlling the stability, that was proper flight. Hence, the wings were erased."

"But," He frowned and stared at the nozzle, "Aren't they the source of the thrust? Why weren't they removed? Instead, only the wings were targeted."

He thought for a while and eventually figured it out, "I see. It's complicated."

"But I understand it now." Inala grinned, "I can use this against my enemies."



