Chapter 631 Targeting the Snappers (Part 5)

﻿﻿"Good, good!" Brangara muttered as he felt his second body beginning to form. Similar to how a baby grew in its mother's womb, his second body was being developed in his second Spirit Container. Once it forms enough, he'll be able to use his second body.

As he wasn't a Free Human but a Pranic Beast, he didn't have to build his body. Instead, he only needed to consume enough food. His body will grow on its own, which was the best in his case, as he didn't need to set aside any focus on the task.

Moreover, due to the sheer quality of Prana present within the Empyrean Snapper, consuming it would allow his body to mature by around ten percent, which was tremendous. After all, he had already killed the second Empyrean Snapper.

As long as he fully consumes both the bodies, his second body would have progressed to one-fifth in its path to maturity. He only needs to keep up the pressure until he kills ten Empyrean Snappers, by the end of which he would have attained peak maturity for his second body.

Brangara prioritised the development of his second body's human form, which could be achieved in a matter of minutes, since the mass of nutrients necessary to build it was barely a mouthful of his Pranic Beast form.

'Strange…! Why is it remaining at the back?' Brangara ran around the place, propping up the shell of the Empyrean Snapper—that he had just killed—like a shield, using it to defend against the attacks of the Empyrean Snappers. His gaze fell upon the 1st Empyrean Snapper, seeing it remain far away from the fight.

'Is it planning something?' He thought, paying attention to the matter. After all, the 1st Empyrean Snapper was the strongest of their kind. Its attacks would prove the most damaging against him, so he had no other choice but to keep an eye on its actions, especially since it seemed to be planning something.

Boom!

Attacks fell on the shield as Brangara hid behind it, taking the chance to consume more than half of the Empyrean Snapper's ten-kilometre-long neck. Every single chump from his Celestial Boar form consumed more than two hundred metres of the neck's length, allowing him to rapidly consume it.

The carcass of the Empyrean Snapper acted as his foothold, on which he stood while defending with the shield. And seeing him dance around on the corpse of their brethren only triggered the Empyrean Snappers further.

Floating at the very end of the group of incensed Empyrean Snappers was the 1st Empyrean Snapper, indeed formulating a plan. But it wasn't geared towards Brangara, instead focused on the precious individual situated in a stone house on the mountain growing on its back.

[Wally, you need to leave, now!]

"No, I'll fight too!" Wally shouted, only to be ganged upon by a desperate group of Cooter Clansmen who constrained him, "Why? I'm a Snapper too! I'm already strong enough to fight alongside you all!"

[NO! You need to flee!]

The 1st Empyrean Snapper expressed its desperation, surging its Prana on the mountain on its back to form a tunnel underneath the house Wally was staying at. The tunnel seemed to be leading somewhere as faint winds generated around Wally, intending to push him inside.

[The Celestial Boar is too strong! We'll all be hunted down one after another if we were to flee. So, the only choice is to fight! The future of the Cooter Clan rests on your shoulders, Wally! We'll try to hold the Celestial Boar long enough. Flee this place and never look back! Only return to Sumatra when you've attained the Mystic Grade!]

"I'm not a coward!" Wally roared as he unleashed the power of Subtle Terrain Domination, able to counter the winds generated by the 1st Empyrean Snapper, "I won't run! Around one-fifth of the Cooter Clan is here, along with the Chief! How can I flee in such a situation? If we're to fight, this is our best option!"

A good portion of the Cooter Clan's top fighting strength was present here, so if they were to lose this, even though the Cooter Clan still had plenty of Empyrean Snappers, they wouldn't be as strong anymore.

Without a powerful central figure to rally around, the Cooter Clan would fragment itself into many branches, focusing on their vested interests instead of a grand ambition.

[Wally, listen to me. You can argue as much as you want, but even though you're strong for your age, you're no match for the Celestial Boar. Adding you into the equation only increases the number of corpses by one more. So, I want you to hold on to our legacy!]

"Legacy…" Wally's expression thundered in realisation as he calmed down, asking unwillingly, "Is it…the right time?"

[Wittral was supposed to inherit it once he matured. But you're a better candidate. All Empyrean Snappers made the decision unanimously the day you were born. If there's anyone worthy of wielding this power, it's you. So, enter the tunnel and make that power yours!]

Wally raised his hand and motioned towards the desperate Cooter Clansmen that he wouldn't remain stubborn anymore. Unable to communicate with the Empyrean Snappers without Geugeu, they had no idea about the conversation between Wally and the 1st Empyrean Snapper.

"I'll be following the 1st Empyrean Snapper's arrangements," Wally said to the Cooter Clansmen and jumped into the tunnel, which closed up immediately upon his entry. The tunnel stretched for three kilometres and led into a cavern that was situated at the innermost spot of the mountain, close to its root, growing right on the 1st Empyrean Snapper's shell.

The cavern was a perfect sphere, spanning a radius of 180 metres. Collected on the floor, forming a pool was a bluish-black liquid, emanating plasma in the form of lightning bolts.

Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool!

This was the Spirit Pool used by Geugeu to build his power upon, a Spirit Pool meant exclusively for the Cooter Clan Chief for generations.

Primary Nature—Lightning Plasma Dominance!

This was Geugeu's Primary Nature, one that allowed him to transform into a thundercloud and rain down lightning upon his opponents. And by assuming his Spirit Weapon transformation, he would be hidden deep within the thundercloud, making it impossible for his enemies to target him.

This was the reason Geugeu remained one of the strongest powerhouses on Sumatra and the same went true for every generation of Cooter Clan Chiefs. But Wally's focus wasn't on the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool but instead on its source.

Hovering a few metres above the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool was an Empyrean Snapper, seemingly made out of the same material that formed the Spirit Container. But this was stable, able to maintain itself without problems.

Of course, at the end of the day, it was a Spirit Container. And hence, any external attacks could shatter it. Even an Iron Grade Pranic Beast's attack will do the job.

Though it was extremely fragile now, things will change in the future, as close to its completion, it would be as tough as the body of an Iron Transcendent. After all, it was a place that was similar to the Attributed Region, Golden Giant, etc.

Influenced Region—Teary-Eyed Snapper!

The Teary-Eyed Snapper's body barely reached a size of four metres, with its neck reaching a length of ten metres. Dripping from its eyes, one drop every few minutes was the bluish-black fluid that formed the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool.

The Teary-Eyed Snapper was the source of Geugeu's power. Currently, as the Influenced Region was still in its growing phase, it was fragile. Hence, only the Cooter Clan Chief was allowed to this place.

If left undisturbed, it would continue to develop and one day produce enough of the bluish-black fluid to birth hundreds of Cooter Clansmen like Geugeu. But the reason Wally had been sent here was to disrupt this process.

After all, the 1st Empyrean Snapper didn't have the confidence to survive this battle against the Celestial Boar. Even if it started to flee now, it wasn't fast enough to remain evasive for long. Enough traces will be left along its tracks for Brangara to follow it.

Even if it focuses on hiding its tracks using Subtle Terrain Domination, considering its size, it couldn't hide for long. There will be too many witnesses. Brangara only needs to interrogate some Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to find it.

And when he targets it, the Cooter Clan's most precious treasure will fall in his grasp. Therefore, to prevent that from happening, Wally needed to fuse with it—the Cooter Clan's Major Treasure.

'The moment I do so, the long line of Cooter Clan Chiefs will be halted.' Tears streamed down his eyes as Wally was emotional. The Cooter Clan had come into existence during the period of the Mudropper Invasion, the same as the Mammoth Clan.

They had been around for approximately thirteen thousand years, which wasn't a long period for the formation of an Influenced Region. Hence, the Teary-Eyed Snapper wouldn't be able to maintain its function without its Major Treasure.

It would collapse immediately, resulting in the loss of thirteen thousand years' worth of painstaking effort. "Celestial Boar! If only you didn't exist!"

Wally used Subtle Terrain Domination on the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool to create a flight of stairs, allowing him to approach the body of the Teary-Eyed Snapper. He extended his hand and gently touched it, feeling a pulse as if it were a living being.

Major Treasure—Spirit!

Shaped like a heart, it looked no different from the core of the Cooter Clansmen once they activated their Spirit Weapon transformation. The pulse came from it as it was nurturing the Teary-Eyed Snapper.

[Originally, when Wittral reached maturity, the plan was to bring him here to carve out a portion of the Teary-Eyed Snapper, using which he could reforge his Spirit Container, creating a stronger foundation for laying down a path to the Mystic Grade.]

The 1st Empyrean Snapper's saddened voice resounded in Wally's mind.

[Please use it all, Wally. Reforge a stronger Spirit Container using the Influenced Region. And once you fuse with the Major Treasure, flee Sumatra, survive and enter the Mystic Grade. We'll be relying on you to have a future!]

"Yes, I will…" Wally's words halted as he noticed the neck of the Teary-Eyed Snapper move, curving its head to face his way. The tears stopped as it stared at him with a saddened expression, able to feel the Cooter Clan's fate through his emotions.

"I'm sorry!" Wally kneeled in helplessness, sobbing profusely as he kept apologising for his weakness, "I'm sorry! I'm…sorry!"

"Wally!"

There was a whisper as the Teary-Eyed Snapper's head touched him, caressing him slightly. Wally stared into its eyes, surprised to be returned with a sentient gaze filled with resolve, "You're…alive!"

"No, I understand." His body continued to tremble as he hugged its neck, causing it to turn into a fluid and seep into his chest, "I promise to succeed. Please…become my strength."

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!



Chapter 632 Targeting the Snappers (Part 6)

﻿﻿The Influenced Region of Teary-Eyed Snapper broke down into fluid under the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination and seeped into Wally's heart, fusing with his Spirit Container. In a matter of seconds, it became one with his Spirit Container, causing him to feel a bloated feeling.

But once he assumes Empyrean Snapper form, the feeling would vanish, for the massiveness of his Empyrean Snapper's Spirit Container was enough to accommodate the entirety of the Teary-Eyed Snapper's mass.

Thump! Thump!

He felt his heartbeats grow laboured, for the weight of the Spirit Container stressed his heart. In response, Wally infused the power of Subtle Terrain Domination in his heart and handled the excess pressure.

[There's no time, Wally! Hurry!]

The 1st Empyrean Snapper urged him, feeling pressured by Brangara's attacks.

[He's building his second body. Once that's complete, he could attack us without any hesitation!]

"I know…" Wally nodded when he noticed the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool form ripples. A second later, he realised what was happening, tearing up in response. "I'm sorry!"

[Don't be! It's our honour to become a part of our future!]

The Empyrean Snappers were infusing their inheritances in the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool using the Water Slip Skill. As it was a peak Gold Grade mineral, it could store a large volume of information in a minimal volume.

"Are you finally making a move?" Brangara tensed up to see the 1st Empyrean Snapper billow with Prana, charging up an attack. But right as he prepared to defend himself, propping up the shell of a damaged Empyrean Snapper as a shield, mist covered the region. "Is this it?"

The mist rapidly covered the region, creating a smoke screen, reducing visibility to zero. Brangara blew out hard, clearing his vicinity of the mist, only to observe the mist fill up the void in a matter of seconds, 'Fast!'

The other Empyrean Snappers joined the effort to strengthen the mist, and using it as a cover, they approached the 1st Empyrean Snapper and extended their heads into a massive hole that opened up in the mountain on its back.

The hole extended until their Spirit Weapon range made contact with the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool. The Empyrean Snapper left its inheritance in the Spirit Pool and retracted its head, following which a second Empyrean Snapper did the same.

Every time they did this, Wally continued to cry, knowing very well that this would be their last life, for they were leaving the entirety of their accumulations to him.

[Unfortunately, the inheritances of two of us have been lost forever.]

The 1st Empyrean Snapper consoled him, giving him directions.

[Just in case, before you make the trip to the Sandy-Grey Void, head to the rest of the Empyrean Snappers and accept their inheritances too. We cannot leave anything to chance!]

"I will," Wally wiped his tears and clenched his fist hard, "I'll succeed, no matter what!"

[Also, I have arranged a bodyguard for your journey. He'll be more reliable than Geugeu for your purpose. I only ask you to keep an open mind about him!]

As it spoke, a tunnel entrance opened, allowing a fish-shaped Pranic Beast made out of bones to slither in. Once it stared at Wally, it reverted to human form, revealing the figure of a toned man with a bulky frame.

His chiselled face accentuated his hardened expression, one barely able to reign in his hatred. He observed Wally and glared at the walls of the mountain, "Fine!"

Red Mystic Path—Resha!

The moment Brangara began to face the Empyrean Snappers, Resha obviously detected the Prana signature of his fated enemy, as he was accumulating strength in the Guna Caves.

Brangara remained subtle when he consumed Bludders and Shifting Ants. Besides, he was only at the entrance, which was more than enough to consume the amount he wanted. As a result, he didn't generate any waves which Resha could have sensed.

But obviously, once he began to fight the Empyrean Snappers, the Prana waves billowing from their battle spread across a large distance, generating a Minor Crisis as the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts lost their minds.

As they rushed out, the effects were visible at the Guna Caves, which shared a large border with the Dralh Sea. Resha obviously felt it and had rushed out, intending to face Brangara.

He had interacted with the Cooter Clan during the past three years he spent at the Guna Caves intending to change himself. Thankfully, by staying away from the Mammoth Clan, bereft of Empyrean Tusk's influence, he could be himself to a large extent.

It was he who spread the title of First Calamity for the Royal Zinger. The Cooter Clan had a large network for disseminating information, especially through their sea routes that reached all the way to the Dieng Canyon.

They used the Ravaged Tribes—that they had been funding—to spread this information further, which was done in an effort to make as many races realise that this Era wasn't solely the Celestial Boar's, but also the Royal Zinger's.

This way, when Brangara forms a force—which he did in the name of the Varahan Empire—and seeks to expand it, the various races wouldn't simply submit to his rule. Originally, left with no other option, they could only submit to force.

But now, they could show their dissatisfaction and resistance by using the name of the Royal Zinger instead, which was the Celestial Boar's enemy.

Name alone is power, which became even more relevant when it was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's. Hence, Resha had been using the Royal Zinger's name to keep Brangara's growing force in check, all while he was accumulating power on his own.

He actively collaborated with the Cooter Clan as equals. Geugeu witnessed his fight against the Boar King during the Second Major Disaster and hence treated Resha with respect.

Both the Mammoth and Cooter Clan's ambitions were the same

—reaching the Mystic Grade. Hence, by representing the Mammoth Clan, Resha extended a hand of cooperation with the Cooter Clan, exchanging information on a large scale, which benefited both parties.

Since the Mammoth Clan was currently living in hiding, Resha was aware that it wasn't just a matter of time before Brangara targeted the Cooter Clan. Hence, he had been preparing for the eventuality in the Guna Caves.

But the moment he entered the Dralh Sea and began to approach the Cooter Clan by swimming in the form of a fish deep in the water to avoid Brangara's detection, the 1st Empyrean Snapper's message reached him.

It had spread Water Slips across the Dralh Sea during the fight, which was why it remained still all along. These Water Slips had been modified to react only to Resha's Prana signature.

And they had been spread all across the region to ensure at least one of them would come in contact with his body. The one that managed to do so was twenty kilometres away from where the fight was happening.

[I need your help to protect the Cooter Clan's future! Please keep yourself hidden while you approach me!]

That was the message. But seeing the terminology used, Resha knew that the 1st Empyrean Snapper was talking about Wally, whose existence he became aware of during their past three years of cooperation.

Hence, he curbed his intent to join the fight and approached the 1st Empyrean Snapper, after which he was informed of everything through the Water Slip Skill.

"A Mammoth Clansman?" Wally expressed his surprise upon seeing Resha, controlling his bias as he understood, 'The situation is that desperate!'

"Fuck!" Resha kicked the floor in anger, unable to refuse the 1st Empyrean Snapper's request, for Wally's current situation was the same as his Sumatra Chronicles self.

"Thank you!" A tinge of mist formed in the air and was inhaled by Resha. As it was unleashed using the Water Slip Skill, words formed in his mind a few seconds later—once the blood from his lungs reached his Spirit Container.

Hearing the 1st Empyrean Snapper's voice in his mind, Resha sighed and stopped before the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool and stared at Wally, "What are you waiting for?"

He pointed at the Major Treasure hovering in the air, "Fuse with it before its presence leaks out."

Wally stared at the Major Treasure of Spirit and touched it. It fused with his heart in an instant, causing a mysterious power to churn within him. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough time to experiment with the power it granted him.

[Resha himself intends to become a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk. Both of you will be able to help each other's objectives. Rely on him when necessary, Wally. And learn everything you can about Brangara from him.]

"I'll avenge everyone! Please believe me." Wally kneeled respectfully once all the Empyrean Snappers finished placing their inheritance in the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool.

With a thought from him, Subtle Terrain Domination activated in full swing, compressing the Lightning Plasma Spirit Pool into a droplet that he swallowed. A couple of minutes later, he adjusted to the increased mass of his human form and stared at Resha, "Let's leave."

"Okay," Resha nodded and transformed into a large fish with a hollow inside, large enough to house Wally. Staring at the wall, Resha uttered in helplessness, "You have my word, Tanparl."

"I'll protect Wally until he enters the Mystic Grade."

A field of mist flowed into his nostrils as the voice of the 1st Empyrean Snapper resounded in his mind. If anyone other than him were to inhale this mist, their mind space would shatter, for it contained the voice of a Deity, "I'm grateful, Resha."

"Thank you for your sacrifice."

"I haven't done anything worth your gratitude." Resha sighed, "The ones making the sacrifice are the Empyrean Snappers."

With a sullen mood, Resha jumped into the water under the cover of the mist and swam through the Dralh Sea. But even from afar, he could hear the sounds from the fight between Brangara and the Empyrean Snappers.

Though they were putting up a tough fight, it was a gradual slaughter. And every thunderous boom that reverberated across him caused him to flinch, for the same booms resounded during the Fourth Major Disaster in Sumatra Chronicles every time Brangara punched an Empyrean Tusk.

'I'm too weak! Even if I joined the fight, I could have only delayed the inevitable! I'm not strong enough to stop this!' He knew it, which only angered him further. The Empyrean Snappers were going through the same shit the Empyrean Tusks experienced in Sumatra Chronicles.

And if Resha doesn't become strong enough, it would be a of Sumatra Chronicles' Fourth Major Disaster. "Damn it! Damn it all!"

"Wally!" Resha grumbled in rage once they swam far away, feeling a storm in the hollow of his body, "We're giving our everything to enter the Mystic Grade! Hold on to your rage and hatred until then."

"Yes!" Wally roared, giving his everything to calm down the turbulent air around him that erupted when he reacted to the sounds of battle, understanding that every resounding boom meant the death of his brethren.



Chapter 633 Targeting the Snappers (Part 7)

﻿﻿A massive ship continued to sail through the Dralh Sea when Bludders swarmed it, their direction pointed away from the Dralh Sea, as if they were fleeing from the location.

"This is strange," The 8-Life Stage Brimgan Royal who was in charge of the ship's safety frowned. He condensed a chakram, using it as a platform as one body of his split and landed on the platform.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

The body on the chakram turned into a golden giant, able to see, hear, and smell better than his human form. The chakram elevated into the sky rapidly, allowing the golden giant to take advantage of the altitude to see afar, "What the…fuck?"

There was intense mist across the horizon, and from time to time, the heads of Empyrean Snappers lashed out, mid-fight against something, "The Empyrean Snappers are fighting?"

The Brimgan Royal observed the Bludders, noticing their mental state bordered insanity. He alternated between it and battling the Empyrean Snappers, figuring out the answer, "Shit!"

'The Celestial Boar has targeted the Empyrean Snappers for their Natures!' He inhaled a sharp breath in shock before roaring at his people, "Alert! Contact the Emperor!"

His Spirit Weapon condensed in the shape of a boat as a group of people boarded it, carrying an Information Slip from him. "Now, go!"

With a grunt, the 8-Life Stage Brimgan Royal threw the boat with all his might—unleashed through psychokinesis. The ship's wings spread out wide, allowing it to glide across at a rapid pace, making its way to the entrance of the Dralh Sea.

Thankfully, the ship was slow, so it hadn't travelled much distance from the moment Brangara noticed it near the Dralh Sea's border. Therefore, the distance the boat needed to cover while gliding wasn't far. Less than an hour later, the boat reached the mouth of the Cooter-Brimgan Channel.

This was the Channel created by the Empyrean Snappers after the Second Major Disaster when they returned to the Dralh Sea from the Brimgan Empire. As it was the symbol of the Cooter-Brimgan Trade Agreement, the Brimgan Empire reinforced the Channel, ensuring it was bereft of other Pranic Beasts.

Raid Teams constantly manned the place, attacking any Pranic Beast that dared come close. Fortified towers were also erected for the Raid Teams to rest recover, replenish supplies, etc.

At the mouth of the Cooter-Brimgan Channel was a dam wall, blocking the water flow between the two water bodies. This was erected to prevent the Phells from flooding the Cooter Brimgan Channel.

Tiny holes were present in the wall to allow the flow of water through it, but multiple filtration facilities took action during the process. So, the water spilling into the Cooter-Brimgan Channel from the Dralh Sea didn't have any spores generated by the Phells.

The Brimgan Trade Wall!

It was named as such, with the prime intention being to protect the trade routes of the Brimgan Empire. Spanning a length of 80 kilometres and a breadth of two kilometres, it reached a height of four hundred metres, a gigantic structure of mass.

The boat landed on its top surface, right next to an institutional building as the people within rushed out.

"Did something happen?" The Brimgan Royal in charge of the Brimgan Trade Wall, boating a cultivation at the 7-Life Stage hurried out to meet the people in the boat, aware that such a means of communication will only be used during an emergency.

"Yes!" The messenger nodded in a hurry and presented an Information Slip, "This needs to reach His Majesty, Emperor!"

"What is it?" The Brimgan Royal accessed the contents of the Information Slip and paled in response. He hurriedly condensed a boat, placed the Information Slip inside and hurled it with all his might. The boat glided across the sky in a streamlined fashion and travelled for sixty kilometres before being intercepted by the people in a tower.

"Shit! Relay it! Hurry!" They immediately launched it towards the next tower, transporting the Information Slip from one tower to another across the Cooter-Brimgan Channel. This was their fastest means of communication for the time being.

In the future, once more towers are erected, close enough to be accessed by the Brimgan Royals, information will be transferred to the Brimgan Empire from the Dralh Sea in a matter of minutes.

It was still a work in progress, unfortunately.

Even when the Brimgan Royals threw the Information Slip alone, making it travel like a missile, it still took close to eight hours before the Information Slip reached the Brimgan Empire. Another two hours later, it reached Boul Brimgan.

"I need to go!" Boul Brimgan got up from his throne and stared at his mother, Harla Brimgan, "I need your assistance, Mother!"

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!

Minor Treasure—Kinesis Feline!

Boul Brimgan brought out a 3.6-metre-long golden feline as he and Harla Brimgan took a seat atop it. Without wasting a second, the golden feline rushed out of the palace and made a beeline towards the Dralh Sea, "Mother, I want you to take charge once we enter the Dralh Sea."

"It's not an issue." Harla Brimgan nodded, "All I hope is that we're not too late."

Major Treasure—Deity!

Boul Brimgan activated it once they exited the Brimgan Empire, causing the golden feline to grow bigger and reach a length of 15 metres. With its bigger size, it was able to run faster, emanating a suffocating presence that thwarted Pranic Beasts in the vicinity from targeting them.

Vapour cones were left in its wake as it had long since surpassed the speed of sound. Seated on its back while assuming their Human Avatar forms were Boul Brimgan and Harla Brimgan. Only then could they resist the friction generated by the wind during their movement.

In less than three hours, the golden feline arrived at the mouth of the Dralh Sea. Followed by a leap, it landed on the Brimgan Trade Wall as Boul Brimgan bellowed upon observing the commotion, "Everyone, stay put! You'll be needlessly heading to your deaths. Let us deal with this disaster."

"As for the Royals," Boul Brimgan nodded a the 7-Life Stage Brimgan Royal who was in charge of the Brimgan Trade Wall, "Lead a team of Royals and make way to the Cooter Clan. Maintain distance and only take action to rescue the two of us if we were to be neutralised, understood?"

"Yes!" The Brimgan Royal had barely nodded when the figures of Boul Brimgan and Harla Brimgan vanished from the place. They were already a small, golden dot over the horizon.

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!

Minor Treasure—Kinesis Beyblade!

A tiny, thumb-sized sphere hovered on the water surface, spinning rapidly to remain afloat. Connecting it through a stream of Prana was a large platform, shaped like a disc with curved bladed edges.

This platform hovered at a height of ten kilometres from the ground, propped through psychokinesis. And the source of the psychokinesis was none other than the thumb-sized sphere.

The power of Harla Brimgan's Minor Treasure of Kinesis Beyblade was to create a tiny sphere that could take her position—as the source of psychokinesis.

The disc acted no different from its Spirit Container, for that was the purpose of the Minor Treasure. And seated atop the disc was Harla Brimgan and Boul Brimgan.

As the sphere on the Dralh Sea's water surface spun at rapid speeds and travelled on the surface similar to the Bludders, the disc mirrored its movements at an altitude of 10 kilometres.

At this height, the air resistance was minimal as compared to the sea level, making it easier to carry large objects by expending minimal energy.

Harla Brimgan was capable of creating ten such spheres, moving ahead like a ten-legged spider fitted with car wheels.

The spinning spheres distributed the weight they bore across the water's surface tension, able to move without sinking. This was why Harla Brimgan took charge of moving once they entered the Dralh Sea, for she was faster here.

In the meantime, the fight between Brangara and the Empyrean Snappers became even more intense!

Four Water Lasers slammed into him at the same time, forcing him to prop up his arms to defend himself in a hurry, grunting as his left arm got severed in response. 'They're rapidly accustoming to my attacks!'

"Hmph!" With an extension of his neck, Brangara chomped upon his severed arm and swallowed it, digesting it to recover his Prana and muscle mass. He reverted to human form, used Shredded Lunge to approach an Empyrean Snapper, assumed Celestial Boar Form, and swung an Eddy Blade.

"Tch!" A Water Laser slammed into the sides of his Eddy Blade, causing him to miss his mark and instead cut into the shoulder of the Empyrean Snapper.

At the same time, an Empyrean Snapper finished covering its head with minerals it extracted from the Dralh Sea. The condensed substance resembled a crystal, tough to the extreme, and also exhibited intense heat.

With a swing of its neck, the crystallised head slammed into Brangara right as he had targeted an Empyrean Snapper with the Eddy Blade, sending him flying for a hundred metres to the side.

He reverted to human form to regain balance and assumed Celestial Boar form as he plunged into the water, using Drifting Tunnel to head deeper for a few seconds, "Hah…haah! This is tough!"

He switched bodies, giving time for his injured body to recover from the serious injuries. In his Pranic Beast form, his recovery was faster as he gasped a bit, "Facing 52 Empyrean Snappers isn't easy, even for me."

He stared to his back, where the extra Tangible Natures were hanging around, seeing that only remained, and it had mostly dissipated too. "That attack was strong."

Whenever he obtained an Empyrean Snapper's Nature, Brangara brought out a Tangible Nature of Shredded Lunge and made it hang onto his back. Since he was supplying Prana to it, the Tangible Nature hadn't been deactivated yet. Meaning, he could use it in the future once he has some free slots.

Seeing twisters form all around him, Brangara took in a deep breath and closed his eyes, focusing on his Astral World to see seven Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers, "Man, this isn't easy."

His expression worsened once he noticed heat begin to condense at the floor of the Dralh Sea, "Already?"

The Dralh Sea's Death Hour had begun, which also meant the Empyrean Snappers would become stronger than before.



Chapter 634 Targeting the Snappers (Part 8)

﻿﻿A few seconds after the Death Hour had begun, a thin plasma layer formed at the bottom of the Dralh Sea, gradually moving up as its heat intensified. And immediately in response, like a bullet, dozens of Empyrean Snappers dived deeper into the water, using Subtle Terrain Domination to accelerate towards the plasma layer.

"Shit!" Brangara cursed as he used a combination of Shredded Lunge and Drifting Tunnel to flee, intending to return an hour later. Of course, he didn't have the chance.

[You're inside our trap!]

The First Empyrean Snapper roared as the Empyrean Snappers formed an encirclement around Brangara using the time he caught a breather. Using Subtle Terrain Domination, they placed their necks tangentially and cranked their power to the limit, pulling the water from their heads towards their neck.

A vortex was created as all 45 Empyrean Snappers did the same, causing it to grow in strength rapidly. In a matter of seconds, the vortex had grown strong enough to make even the Empyrean Snappers struggle to control it.

After all, the Death Hour's condition meant an endless supply of kinetic energy, which was what they had funnelled into the vortex. Now, it had become self-sustaining. Vapour formed due to the intense heat, but under the constantly growing pressure, it was compressed to a state denser than its liquid form.

As the kinetic energy continued to build up, the vapour became no different from blades of death capable of harming even the Celestial Boar's body. Caught in the storm of the blade rush was Brangara, struggling to escape.

He created Drifting Tunnels in an effort to blockade the vortex but failed, for the vortex had grown too strong. Seeing it fail, he changed tactics, relying on his strongest means to counter everything thrown at him—switching forms.

Brangara switched to human form, creating a vacuum in the space his Celestial Boar form occupied. As the water around him rushed in, the portion of the vortex surrounding him shrunk in girth. Immediately after that, he grinned, assuming Celestial Boar form, rapidly pushing out the water.

Blood sprouted like a geyser from all over his body as the vapour blades shredded through a good portion of his muscles, turning him weak. But the damage wasn't worrisome. After all, he had fifty Natures of Bloody Affection to rely upon.

The blood spilling from his body was pulled towards him through the suction force of fifty Natures of Bloody Affection, which further acted to impede the momentum of the vortex. Once they approached him, they layered his body, forming a robust armour that allowed him to tank more damage without worries.

Once the armour was done, he switched to his first body that had finished healing by now, heaving a sigh in relief as he spammed a few Natures—stacked thirteen times—of Shredded Lunge to weaken the vortex to an extent it was damaging, but not life-threatening to him anymore.

His mind clocked as he observed the positions of the Empyrean Snappers and positioned himself closer to the conical section of the vortex, using its rotation to spin himself. In a second, his body's rotations synchronised with the vortex's, alarming the Empyrean Snappers, for they understood what he was attempting now.

Astral World—Eddy Bladex20!

Since his body was spinning rapidly, it was easier to gather Prana in his arms, using which he condensed 6000 units of Prana in the fraction of a second to condense an Eddy Blade which reached a length of four kilometres.

The vortex had destroyed most of the blood armour covering him, but that didn't matter, since his attack was successful. Same as in the past, there was a flash, following which, three Empyrean Snappers were severed.

But of course, the fight wasn't subsiding anytime soon. While he made the groundwork to kill three Empyrean Snappers, a group of Empyrean Snappers approached the plasma layer since the vortex was self-sufficient.

With the 1st Empyrean Snapper taking the lead, they used their necks like a wire to transfer plasma from the plasma layer to the vortex within which Brangara was trapped. In the cylindrical space stretching 180 metres from the epidermis of their necks flowed plasma, intense enough to vaporise most forms of matter in a matter of seconds.

The first Empyrean Snapper condensed it faintly. Once the condensed plasma reached the end of its neck, it was taken control of by another Empyrean Snapper whose head was positioned in the Spirit Weapon range.

After compressing the plasma a bit more, it transferred it to the third Empyrean Snapper, proceeding in such a manner as a line of compressed plasma bombarded Brangara, rapidly melting through his limbs.

The remains of his blood armour were damaged to the extent Bloody Affection was no longer able to recognise it as blood or any form of it. "Argh!"

The intense heat began to melt even the bones as Brangara became alarmed, observing his life was genuinely at risk now. Both his lives were in fact in danger. If he doesn't figure out a solution to the issue, he will be dying here.

Brangara had a solution though, an easy one in fact. But he hadn't used it out of hesitation, unwilling to waste it. But now that the situation had become too dangerous, he was left with no other choice, 'I can only hope the ones I obtain are enough!'

Astral World—Subtle Terrain Domination X2!

A good portion of the plasma slamming into him dispersed and fell under his control, using which he erected a shield of plasma to guard against the attack of the Empyrean Snapper. Moreover, he stacked the effects of Shredded Lunge and Drifting Tunnel atop Subtle Terrain Domination, puncturing a hole through the vortex as his body flickered towards the Empyrean Snapper he had just killed.

Reverting to human form, he enveloped the plasma shield around him, fully covering his body once he switched to the less injured one and plunged into the corpse of the Empyrean Snapper.

"Great!" He exclaimed upon swallowing the heart of the sixth Empyrean Snapper, regaining his Prana reserves too as enriched blood flowed down his throat. He used a portion of it to form an armour around him and elongated it to form a 360-

metre-long blood serpent.

The Empyrean Snappers were charging up multiple chains of plasma attacks. And as the plasma layer approaches the surface, it only became progressively hotter, making their attacks deadlier.

Hence, this was his plan to evade their attacks, since they wouldn't be able to pinpoint exactly where in the 360-metre-

long blood serpent his body was positioned.

He drilled out a hole in a hurry, watching a plasma beam pierce through his original position, 'Since they're aware that I'll be prioritising the consumption of their hearts, they can accurately target me there.'

The blood serpent drilled out of the Empyrean Snapper's butthole, immediately targeted by a beam as it got severed into two. The severed halves that were maintained intact dispersed into blood mist and condensed into a 340-metre-long blood serpent that sped towards the second Empyrean Snapper corpse.

As the length of the blood serpent was covered within his Spirit Weapon range, Brangara was able to unleash the power of his Natures wherever he wanted especially upon employing Subtle Terrain Domination.

This way, he could fool the Empyrean Snappers and cause their attacks to miss most of the time. After tanking multiple attacks, the blood serpent barely spanned a length of a hundred metres when it plunged into the second Empyrean Snapper's corpse.

"Argh!" He was accurately targeted by the plasma beam right as he consumed the Empyrean Snapper's heart. His blood armour was vaporised instantly as he barely managed to protect himself with his two Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

The power of two stacked Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination was significantly powerful, equivalent to three or more Empyrean Snappers in terms of control capacity and finesse in precision. But his enemy was employing 42 Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, which made things tricky.

"Last one," Brangara muttered as he morphed the shell of the Empyrean Snapper to form armour atop his latest blood serpent, now able to have a bit more leeway of reaction time, 'Shit!'

'My damage is greater than my regeneration!' He grunted upon observing his revealing bones. The flesh atop them had already melted from the plasma beam, worsening his situation as multiple organs had been destroyed.

He was in his human form, so the damage was greater. If one more of such an attack hits him, he would lose a body, 'Dammit! After all the effort I went to build it!'

He knew that the moment he enters the corpse of the third Empyrean Snapper, he'd be targeted by the plasma beam at the perfect time—right as he's consuming its heart. Unfortunately, his hands were tied in this situation.

The Empyrean Snapper's heart was alive due to the sheer vitality possessed by the Empyrean Snapper. But as time passes, even its Spirit Contain will begin to shatter. When this collapse reaches a certain point, consuming it will no longer give him the Nature.

He wouldn't take it lying down to waste a Gold Grade Nature, especially that of Subtle Terrain Domination!

'What do I do?' He thought while approaching the third Empyrean Snapper corpse, observing three groups—six each—

gearing up to unleash an attack significantly more devastating than the one that almost killed him just now.

The remaining Empyrean Snapper had begun to create another vortex around his location, intending to trap him alongside the Empyrean Snapper corpse. He revved up Subtle Terrain Domination, intending to focus his everything on defence when suddenly, Phells slammed into his blood serpent body and exploded spontaneously.

Two Empyrean Snappers that had positioned themselves farther away from the battle had gathered tens of thousands of Phells and were launching them at him like a gatling gun. The moment the needle-like noses of the Phells touched the blood serpent, they exploded.

Individually, they weren't strong enough to damage the blood serpent which was made out of an Empyrean Snapper's blood and condensed by 50 Silver Grade Natures of Bloody Affection. But when hundreds bombarded the same location, the explosions began to destroy the blood serpent.

"Dammit!" A kilometre from the corpse of the third Empyrean Snapper and the blood serpent protecting him had been eradicated, revealing his position for the Empyrean Snappers to target him without missing this time.



Chapter 635 Every Bite Is Precious

Hovering in the sky as a thundercloud was Geugeu, amassing strength all along. Due to the Death Hour, walls of turbulent mist wafted out of the Dralh Sea and reached the skies.

This formed a large enough foundation for Geugeu to draw in power, for lightning flashed and thunder roared through these walls due to a continued buildup of kinetic energy. "Faster! You old fuck! Faster!"

He roared with an admonishing tone every time he witnessed the death of his Deities. Unfortunately for him, his usual lightning strikes were no longer potent enough to wound the body of the Celestial Boar.

Even the Empyrean Snappers were only able to harm him by combining their strength. And despite that, all they managed to do was harm his body, which he could recover from when given a few minutes of respite.

But their side already faced ten deaths. From an original number of 52 Empyrean Snappers, they were already down to 42. And the longer this goes on, the worse their situation becomes as they'll have fewer Empyrean Snappers to join hands with.

Moreover, they were only able to gain a significant advantage thanks to the Death Hour. If they fail to capitalise on it and Brangara survives, they'll be doomed. The Cold Shower following the Death Hour wouldn't give them enough advantage as now.

And once it too passes, the Empyrean Snappers would have to resort to usual attacks, which didn't work well against him even before. Now that he was using two Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, they would become useless.

Therefore, Geugeu had one shot, which he had to time perfectly and launch upon Brangara, 'Faster! Faster! Dammit! Faster!'

The lightning currents arching through his thundercloud increased in number as he drew in from his surroundings. Every single lightning bolt that flickered past his Spirit Weapon range was pulled into his thundercloud by the opposing charges, adding to his reserves.

His body—that was in its Spirit Weapon form—began to sustain damage as the amount of lightning surpassed his ability to handle it. Geugeu didn't mind it, only praying to live long enough until he could discharge everything, 'I was a failure as the Cooter Clan Chief!'

He glared at Brangara, 'I was unable to accustom the Cooter Clan to these changing times. While every force is rapidly building up strength, our progress has been at the same snail's pace as in the past.'

"At least, I'll do one good deed before my worthless death!" He roared as the thundercloud began to expand rapidly once he made Brangara the target. The Prana he had spread throughout it would ensure the unleashed lightning bolt would strike the target, even if he were to die before that.

'This guy…!' Brangara was prepared to die once when he noticed Geugeu's actions, 'He's building up an ultimate attack too. Dammit!'

"Let it all be damned then." He grunted upon seeing three plasma beams slam into him, rapidly melting through his body.

"Die!" Geugeu bellowed as he burned up all his ten bodies, churning his everything into Prana that transformed into lightning. The thundercloud burst and discharged everything it had stored into a thick, two-hundred-metre-thick bolt of lightning.

The lightning struck Brangara first, rapidly melting through his body while keeping him paralysed. And due to the sheer width of the attack, even if he were to split his bodies, he would still be within the confines of the bolt of lightning.

It was why Geugeu had been charging up for so long. It was to condense a bolt of lightning whose thickness exceeded 180 metres. By giving his life for the cause, he managed to unleash an attack strong enough to bring Brangara close to death.

The plasma beams of the Empyrean Snappers will take care of the rest by vaporising the paralysed bodies of Brangara. In theory, this was their strongest offensive against Brangara. On theory, that is.

After all, they hadn't read Sumatra Chronicles and hence weren't aware that when pushed to the brink of death, Brangara unleashed his true strength.

As Geugeu's lightning bolt struck Brangara, a beam of light pierced the skies and seemed to extend endlessly. There was a void surrounding Brangara, an absolute domain where his will was the law. The entirety of the thick bolt of lightning unleashed by Geugeu coiled into a tiny serpent and shrunk to land upon his outstretched palm.

In his Celestial Boar form, Brangara's expression was as if he had eaten shit, despite having unleashed absolute power that sent waves of despair in the hearts of the Empyrean Snappers.

Astral World—Subtle Terrain Domination X8!

Steam wafted out of his head due to the sheer rate at which his brain—stacked twice—was processing information, having erected such a powerful domain.

The three beams of plasma condensed into compressed spheres under the exertion of his will through the Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination stacked eight times. 'My logic in Sumatra Chronicles has been flawless. Irrespective of how strong my opponents are, or the schemes I face, I only need to activate enough Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity to destroy them mercilessly. As expected, it seems true for Subtle Terrain Domination too.'

Moreover, unlike his Empyrean Boar King self who used the Natures in their empirical state, Brangara was able to gather a lot of information through Astral World, allowing him to increase his capabilities of using his Natures better.

As Tangible Natures, they were all alive, possessing the same data as when they were alive. Just by relying on that blindly, Brangara was able to erect this absolute domain with only eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domain.

Had he possessed the same capability during the Second Major Disaster, he could have destroyed the entirety of the Attributed Region, including everyone who stood in his way. 'So, this is what it means to wield absolute power.'

The current strength being unleashed by Brangara was inferior only to his Sumatra Chronicles endgame self. This was more than enough information for him. Because, if something could kill an Empyrean Tusk, it was also equally effective against an Empyrean Snapper.

"Pray that your Natures are enough." He glared at the terrified Empyrean Snappers and snapped his finger, causing the lightning serpent to branch out into 42 bolts and strike an Empyrean Snapper each, "Otherwise, I'll have to target your other branches."

The lightning paralysed them as Brangara clenched his hand into a fist, condensing the three plasma orbs to form a 360-

metre-long sword. With a nudge from his feet, his figure rapidly bolted through the water, propelled by Subtle Terrain Domination.

His figure flashed past an Empyrean Snapper and swung the plasma sword, making a clean beheading. From that point, the fight took a mere two minutes to conclude, "Yum!"

"This taste is worth dying for!" Brangara used Bloody Affection to pull—by tugging the blood in their bodies—the Empyrean Snapper corpses closer to him and used Subtle Terrain Domination to compress them as much as possible with his current prowess.

All the Tangible Natures of Razor Rats, Shifting Ants, and Bludders condensed next to his body. As they were tiny, they could easily climb over his body and take a seat on his shoulder.

Since they were within his Spirit Weapon range, he could continue supplying Prana to them, preventing them from dissipating. And when necessary, he could take them back into the Astral World—if a slot opened—and continue using their powers until he deactivates them.

One after another, he consumed Empyrean Snapper hearts, breaking into glee upon seeing the sheer number of Empyrean Snapper Tangible Natures that had appeared in his Astral World.

44 Empyrean Snapper Tangible Natures!

This was an unreal haul, an extent of power he never possessed until now. However, no matter how great his haul was, his heart ached tremendously, for he had activated eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, "Dammit! I wanted to win without using them!"

"A loss of eight!" On one side, he relished the taste while consuming Empyrean Snapper hearts. But on the other side, he mourned wasting eight of these overpowered Natures.

"At least, I can make justice for them!" He sighed as he approached the sea bed and used the power of Subtle Terrain Domination to morph the bedrock to create a massive bowl, one that spanned a radius of twenty kilometres.

It took him less than two hours to finish this task, as the walls of the bowl were raised to a height of a hundred metres from the sea level. The water inside was red as Brangara had brought all the corpses of the Empyrean Snappers inside.

That wasn't all. To avoid any wastage, he used Bloody Affection to draw in every litre of Empyrean Snapper blood that had spilt in the region and poured them all inside the bowl. This way, he could take his time consuming them without worrying about wasting anything.

"Every bite is precious!" Brangara offered a short prayer before he began to gorge on the Empyrean Snapper flesh!



Chapter 636 I’ll Use You Against Yourself

﻿﻿"You're late," Brangara grinned as he noticed a golden flash high up in the sky, observing the ashen faces of Boul Brimgan and Harla Brimgan, "Had you arrived a few hours earlier, things might have turned out different."

He extended his hand, carrying a tiny, broken shell of an Empyrean Snapper filled with blood and pieces of its flesh, "Want some?"

"That's a pity," He muttered after two minutes, seeing the golden flash return the way it came from.

"But," His expression turned serious as he stared at Boul Brimgan, 'This guy dared to come here after knowing that I was fighting the Cooter Clan? Does this mean he's confident of facing me when assisted by the Empyrean Snappers?'

For a moment, Brangara wanted to take advantage of the chance to kill Boul Brimgan, 'Since my eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination are still active, there isn't a better opportunity than this.'

"Wait!" He put on a calm tone and shouted, unleashing a shockwave that approached the duo, carrying his voice, "Let's talk."

"Maybe we can even forge a trade relationship."

'Good, they stopped.' His smile widened faintly upon seeing the golden chakram pause in the sky.

Harla Brimgan stared at Boul Brimgan, asking, "Do you have an idea of his plan?"

"Considering the speed at which he slaughtered them all, he definitely used Subtle Terrain Domination." Boul Brimgan said and stared at the Transcendent Worlds, "He has also unleashed that pillar of light for a couple of seconds. The reaction from the Transcendent Worlds confirms it."

Boul Brimgan stared at Brangara and said, "Currently, he hasn't deactivated however many Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination he had used in his fight against the Empyrean Snappers. He intends to lure us within striking range. Once we're killed, our Empire wouldn't fare well against his onslaught."

"What do we do then? Ignore him?" Harla Brimgan frowned, "Doing that would instigate him. There's no guarantee that he wouldn't come after us next. Our preparations aren't enough to fight him at present."

"It's alright." Boul Brimgan said as he observed the entire scene, focusing on every single detail present in the bowl that had formed in the Dralh Sea, "This image alone will serve us."

In the bowl were dismembered carcasses of Empyrean Snappers, the state of their severed heads pictured their mental states moments before death—one of shock, despair, unwillingness to resign themselves to fate, etc.

Their blood filled the bowl as their carcasses formed a massive pile. Seated within it, treating the bowl as his private swimming pool was the Celestial Boar, gorging upon the Empyrean Snapper flesh.

Boul Brimgan condensed a Spirit Weapon out of Rutham and turned it into an Information Slip, recording everything he felt and observed. Once there was enough footage of the Celestial Boar's eating session, the duo headed to the Brimgan Trade Wall.

"The Cooter Clan isn't based on the Dralh Sea alone." Boul Brimgan said right after the duo arrived at the Brimgan Trade Wall, "There's even more Empyrean Snappers out there. I'll give them this information."

"Carry on to the Brimgan Empire, Mother." Boul Brimgan said and brought out a golden feline, "I'll make a diplomatic visit to the other Cooter Clan branches."

"Be safe." Harla Brimgan expressed her worry.

"I'll be fine." Boul Brimgan stared at her in seriousness, "Please raise our defensive net so that we'll be able to detect Brangara if he ever dares approach us."

"But I'm not leaving immediately." Boul Brimgan said, "Let us stay here for the time being and observe his actions. It's not too late to start our plan after that."

"After all, we need to defend our home if he ever shows an intention to target the Brimgan Empire."

Left alone at the Dralh Sea, Brangara was disappointed by the lack of company upon seeing Boul Brimgan refrain from talking to him and just retreated. 'He didn't take the bait. It's as I expected, but it's still a bit disappointing.'

In the end, as there didn't seem to be any other existences in the Dralh Sea that could threaten him, he digested the eight Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers that he had activated and generated Prana to nurture a Tangible Nature of Decaleech.

"All these resources are being spent just to create a Minor Treasure." Brangara sighed, "Well, this is the fastest option. And I need this strength desperately to contend against my enemies."

They didn't make contact, but Brangara could feel that Boul Brimgan had grown vastly stronger in the past three years, "A Free Human with endless potential."

For a moment, the image of his wife appeared in his mind, 'He doesn't strike as someone like her, but his speciality must be geared towards something other than dominating Prana. He's definitely close to or in the same realm of existence as Yarsha.'

Though he won a brutal war against 52 Empyrean Snappers, Brangara couldn't relish the victory. Instead, his worries continued to increase. He wouldn't worry if existences on the level of Boul Brimgan targeted him alone.

But now, he had a growing family to protect. And other than Yarsha Zahara, no one had enough strength to contend against even a Second Major Disaster version of Boul Brimgan, not to mention his current self.

Barla, Brana, Braga, and Baga, his four Wean Clan children combined wouldn't be able to tank a single hit from Boul Brimgan. The power gap was too much, 'I need to focus on strengthening them first!'

With this thought, he continued to consume and digest everything in the bowl, little by little, unaware of the fact that his actions were the signal for other forces to move.

Boul Brimgan intended to use the scene of him eating Empyrean Snappers to rally the other Empyrean Snappers to the side of the Brimgan Empire.

At the Brimgan Sea, a certain Pranic Beast noticed the pillar of light unleashed by Brangara when he erupted with his full strength.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Raikk!

Externally, this Pranic Beast had submitted to the Brimgan Empire's rule during the water crisis. That was how it and its brethren survived. But internally, it had another identity.

Minor Treasure—Orakha's Checkpoint!

It had fused with one of the pieces, serving as one of Orakha's checkpoints. It was also the one who carried all the Sumatra Gold he had stolen from Yarsha Zahara. As it lived in the Brimgan Sea, its life was the safest after it had submitted to the Brimgan Empire's rule.

No existence could target it without having to deal with the Brimgan Empire first. Immediately after it noticed the pillar of light, Orakha sensed the disturbance in its mental state through his Minor Treasure and revived next to it spontaneously.

"This is…?" He managed to spot the pillar of light for one second before it vanished, understanding what was happening, "In that direction is the Dralh Sea."

'Is he targeting the Empyrean Snappers?' His mood became solemn, 'Right now, the Mammoth Clan has gone into hiding, so Brangara doesn't know where they are. Considering his obsession with Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination, it makes sense that he's targeting the Empyrean Snappers once he's done with preparations.'

Even during his past as the Empyrean Boar King, Brangara had killed two Empyrean Snappers just to hoard their Natures. He did not intend to use them, but because they were one of the literal best among the Gold Grade Natures, he obtained two, unnecessarily antagonising the Cooter Clan.

He didn't store anymore since he already had twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. That was his source of confidence. Irrespective of the threat he might face, he only needed to activate a certain number of them to deal with the problem.

Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination weren't just overpowered Natures but were also perfectly in tune with his Nature of Astral Chart and Astral World. They could be perfectly stacked to unleash even greater destructive power.

That was why he was obsessed with it. This was precisely why Raaha hid the Mammoth Clan once the Second Major Disaster was completed.

Without any Expert Gold Grade Nature in his reserve, Brangara would be subconsciously feeling an itch or even a lack of confidence. Hence, he'd be preparing to target them.

If he could find the Mammoth Clan, he would obviously target them, as he hated their existence, which was another major reason to kill Empyrean Tusks. But since no one had an idea of where the Mammoth Clan had hidden themselves, the one struck by Brangara's obsession ended up being the Cooter Clan.

His mind whirred as Orakha pieced together the details, condensed a Mystic Eater, and leapt into the Cooter-Brimgan Channel, intending to race to the Dralh Sea to observe the scene himself.

The Mystic Eater grew fins once he modified his Human Avatar accordingly, making aquatic travel feasible. He sat within it as the Mystic Eater sped faster, moving close to the floor to avoid detection from the tower forts stationed along the way.

On the second day, he sent a body to revive in Gannala's stomach biome and relayed the information, alerting her of what had happened.

On the third day, the body communicating with Gannala revived at the Mammoth Clan to inform Raaha.

Around the same time, his 1-Life Stage body that was travelling through the Cooter-Brimgan Channel arrived close to the Brimgan Trade Wall, halting abruptly upon seeing two golden flashes atop the wall. Unfortunately, it was already too late by the time he spotted them.

Gently floating in the water on his right was a golden feline. And on his left was a spinning chakram, 'Shit! If I were to be trapped here, I wouldn't be able to spy on Brangara's actions and plan countermeasures!'

"I remember you." A golden chakram hovered on the water surface as Boul Brimgan stood atop it, staring at the Mystic Eater, "Come out when I'm being nice. I know you're inside."

His expression was cold as followed by a golden flash, the Mystic Eater was diced into a dozen fragments, all while the figure of Orakha within remained perfectly unharmed, "Did you think I cannot sense my father's presence when you're blatantly dangling it before me?"



Chapter 637 Let Me Out~

Minor Treasure—Orakha's Checkpoint!

It was created out of Brandal Brimgan's body and its form literally was a miniature version of his appearance. Moreover, it had been created through the Golden Giant's influence, which Orakha had taken advantage of to influence his body to form a Secondary Nature of Minor Treasure, which ended up being the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint.

As its creation was the same source, Boul Brimgan was able to feel his father's presence from Orakha. Moreover, he had already gathered traces of Orakha's presence from the tunnel where the Golden Giant was situated.

'I have been searching for you all along!' He glared at his target, uttering coldly, "You have anything to say?"

"There's a lot, so give me a piece of Rutham. I'll tell you everything through an Information Slip." His mind whirred rapidly as Orakha hurriedly formulated a plan. He had to live through this situation, no matter what.

Not just to survive, but he had to scout Brangara's actions and plan for countermeasures accordingly. Otherwise, if they were to lose the information war, they'd no longer be able to keep him in check, which would mean they were all fucked during the Fourth Major Disaster.

If Brangara were to grow to his full potential, no one on Sumatra would be his opponent. This became especially apparent once he became the Celestial Boar, a Pranic Beast that hadn't hit its evolutionary limit despite becoming an Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

'He's volunteering to provide information?' He had his suspicions, but Boul Brimgan intended to check the provided information first before making his decision. He could always torture the target later. With that in mind, he took out a small portion of Rutham from his Human Avatar, removed his influence on it, and threw it to Orakha, "Here you go."

"Thank you," Orakha tried his best to remain respectful and made some changes to his Human Avatar, following which he used Gold Kinesis Art to infuse some data. Thanks to the changes done to his Human Avatar, he only lost two units of Prana permanently upon using Gold Kinesis Art, which could be recovered within a day.

"It's done," Saying so, Orakha threw the Information Slip to Boul Brimgan and stared at the latter nervously.

'I see, so that is what had happened.' Boul Brimgan thought as he absorbed all the data within the Information Slip, which showed Brandal Brimgan's state when Orakha discovered the Golden Giant. 'This Loot guy…he's popping up once again.'

'This information perfectly matches with all our investigation records. So, it should be the truth.' Boul Brimgan sighed softly and stared at Orakha, "You had a lot of opportunities to fuse with my Empire's Major Treasure. Why didn't you do it?"

"I was aiming for the Attribute, honestly." Orakha smiled wryly, "In terms of power gain with respect to my power system, I calculated Attribute to be vastly superior. So, I was aiming for that."

"That's a valid point," Boul Brimgan nodded and asked, "I assume you're the one who added eight Minor Treasures in the Golden Giant and synchronised it perfectly with the generated influence?"

"Yes, that was me." Orakha nodded, "By the time I found the Golden Giant, the previous Brimgan Emperor was already a vegetable. The Influenced Region's influence extracted the entirety of his mind into a tangible data form. I can guarantee Loot had consumed it all."

"Since I was taking advantage of the Brimgan Emperor's body for personal gains, I improved the functioning of the Golden Giant in response. That way, it's a fair trade-off." Orakha hurriedly waved his hand in apology upon seeing Boul Brimgan grow angry over time, "Listen to me, Sir. I have the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power. I can revive once every day and this is just one of my bodies."

"I can kill myself faster than your capacity to capture me." Orakha spoke in a flurry, "The only reason I'm explaining myself is to head to the Dralh Sea and witness the Celestial Boar's actions in order to plan for the future."

[Control yourself, Mother. We'll never know the truth if you kill him now. There's more to gain from keeping him alive than killing him.]

Boul Brimgan sent a message to his mother through an Information Slip in her possession, maintaining a poker face while trying his best to calm her down.

"Your name?" Boul Brimgan asked, his stare stoic.

"Orakha," Orakha said, feeling nervous as the entire situation was being led at Boul Brimgan's pace.

"Your identity?" He asked next.

"Mammoth Clansman." Orakha said, gritting his teeth to speak upon seeing Boul Brimgan loot unsatisfied, "Loot and Inala were once Mammoth Clansmen too. I grew up with them."

"Proof?" Boul Brimgan extended his hand, asking for the relevant data as he three Orakha the Information Slip, "I won't force your hand. It's your choice."

'Fuck!' Orakha grumbled. His other body was at the Mammoth Clan. His only option for reviving it was either next to him or next to the Raikk at the Brimgan Sea, both of which were horrible options.

The former option would completely place him under Boul Brimgan's mercy while the latter option would delay him by another three days just to arrive at the Brimgan Trade Wall. It would take him even longer to get to the spot in the Dralh Sea where Brangara was camping at the moment.

There was a possibility everything would be over by the time he manages to get there. However, if he manages to hitch a ride with the two Brimgan Royals, he'd be able to arrive at the scene way faster and save plenty of time.

So, he had no other choice but to relent, grunting as he handed over an Information Slip with trembling hands, 'I ended up revealing everything that doesn't compromise our security.'

'This only has interactions between them during the mundane phase of their lives.' Boul Brimgan thought as he observed Orakha weighing his options, 'Indeed, he revived right above Loot right as the latter neared the Major Treasure of Attribute. Only the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power allows such teleportation means.'

He knew that Orakha had the power of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, 'If I force him to cough up any more sensitive information, he might weigh the odds and choose to escape by death.'

The Brimgan Empire had irreconcilable hatred toward the Celestial Boar, and so did the Mammoth Clan. So, he weighed his options, understanding that Orakha acted as the Mammoth Clan's scout. Without him, the Mammoth Clan wouldn't know what had happened and would be unable to make the necessary plans.

'For our eventual objective, I'll benefit by bringing him to the scene.' Thinking as such, Boul Brimgan maintained his poker face and asked, "I was to know how you managed to insert eight Minor Treasures in the Golden Giant. And,"

He revealed his presence, intending to intimidate Orakha, "Why the heck do you have a Human Avatar despite being a Mammoth Clansman?"

"Why should I tell you that?" Orakha's face hardened as he unleashed his presence, able to withstand Boul Brimgan's, "Look, we can trade information. I'll abide by the merchant's creed to engage in an equal transaction. Otherwise, I'll proceed through other means, even if I end up wasting valuable time."

"Displaying your strength to get a better initiative in a negotiation," Boul Brimgan uttered, "It seems you speak the same language as me. Then, let me make you an offer."

"I'll tell you everything that is happening at the Dralh Sea and even give you a ride to the location." He stared at Orakha, "In return, you tell me the method you used on both the Golden Giant and my father's body."

"Your information of the Dralh Sea, plus a ride to the location, plus Mystic Kinesis Art." Orakha said, continuing to speak when a chakram hovered at his neck, threatening to sever his head, "In return, I'll reveal all of Loot's secrets, which is of significantly greater benefit to you than knowing about my power."

"How the fuck do you know about Mystic Kinesis Art?" Harla Brimgan glared in anger.

"Same process, boss!" Orakha scratched his neck, "Whether it's your Minor Treasure or mine, it's achieved through the same method. I accelerated the process using the Golden Giant's influence. And I know you cannot handle the Influenced Region's influence with your current capability. But since you have reached the same point, the only answer is that you had Mystic Kinesis Art."

"Alright, you have a deal." Boul Brimgan didn't seem to mind the terms. Instead, it seemed he had profited from the transaction, able to piece together a larger picture from the information fragments he had received until now, whether through Orakha or his investigation for the past three years.

After all, he was aware of the existence of the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint in the body of the Raikk at the Brimgan Sea. He could feel his father's presence in it. Hence, he had been secretly investigating it all along, which was also one of the reasons he caused the Pranic Beast to submit to the Brimgan Empire's rule and also offered protection to its race.

'Mystic Human? So, that is the identity of the child birthed by Yarsha Zahara when the Major Treasure of Attribute Revealed itself.' Boul Brimgan thought as he accessed the Information Slip provided by Orakha. He had long since accessed Information Slips provided by the Raid Team, hence aware of everything that had happened.

It wasn't just that. Boul Brimgan asked for Information Slips from every single survivor from the affected regions of the Second Major Disaster, going through their entire experience of the moments. This reserve of knowledge was what aided him to have a clear understanding of the full picture.

'A Mystic Human is free from influence and can freely transform into bodies of two Pranic Beasts.' Boul Brimgan was shocked by the information, 'Loot can transform into the Empyrean Boar King and the Mystic Ewworm. His daughter, Ruvva, can transform into an Empyrean Tusk and the Apogee Bludder. That makes two whole new Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts.'

"Unfortunately, I have no idea of his cultivation technique." Orakha shook his head readily upon sensing Boul Brimgan's intentions. Internally, he was giddy, for he now had Mystic Kinesis Art, whose value needn't be said.

"Where is Ruvva currently?" Harla Brimgan asked, clearly expressing her desire, "It's only natural for the pinnacle of Free Humans to live in the Brimgan Empire."

"That…" Orakha smiled wryly, shocking the duo with his answer, "She's chilling at the Zahara Kingdom."

At the same time, in the Zahara Kingdom, a girl in her twenties clutched her stomach in pain, sweating buckets, 'Again? This fucking brat! I'll kill her!'

The one in pain was Gannala, and the cause was none other than a three-year-old girl spinning merrily all across her stomach biome.

"Let me out! Let mee outtt! I…hate…itt…hereee!" A dozen Eddy Blades jutted out of her body as Ruvva spun like a beyblade, moving all across the place while deftly evading attacks from the Mammoth Clansmen.

Her figure flashed past them before accurately severing their arms alone. And whenever a stronger Mammoth Clansmen with Silver Grade strength intended to attack her, she transformed into a cute little Empyrean Tusk, instantly snuffing out their killing intent.

Her figure rolled across the ground, forming long gashes along the walls of the Biome Bomb, which hurt Gannala's stomach, giving her a stomach ache, "Let me out!"



Chapter 638 Way Of a Merchant

﻿﻿Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

"Goodness, shut up!" Gannala grunted as gravitational fields stacked upon the figure of Ruvva in her stomach biome until the latter's body weight became too heavy to move around. Only then did she heave a sigh in relief, 'Her tantrums are growing stronger.'

'I'll leave the rest to you, Bora.' She thought and flinched upon staring at her arm, feeling a severe rash. Or rather, she had been experiencing one for three years now, trying her best to avoid harming Ruvva.

This instead caused her immune system to turn up on her, which caused her a rash. 'Thankfully, Ruvva isn't a Mammoth Clansman from another Settlement. That would have been more dangerous to keep in me.'

Without any hesitation, Gannala ripped out the patch of skin that had the rash and surged Prana into the region, healing it. The rash would return after a while, but at least until then, she could relax a bit.

In her stomach biome, once Ruvva had calmed down, suppressed to a spot, Bora Tusk approached her respectfully, dragging a Free Human child. His expression mirrored the greatest ass-kissers on Earth, "Lady Ruvva, if you don't mind this puny one's request, please hear me out."

"I'm not doing it!" Ruvva glared, "Get lost!"

"My Deity has promised that you'll be released as long as you create a successful Mystic Human." He rubbed his hands with a flattering expression, his back hunched to remain the most humble before Ruvva, sporting a pitiful expression, "Can't you help this poor old man just this once?"

'Poor old man?' Ruvva grumbled as she stared at Bora Tusk, 'Aren't you the leader of this Settlement? You're anything but poor or old or weak. Cut the crap!"

"Just once!" Bora Tusk somersaulted and rolled on the floor to latch onto Ruvva's tiny feet, "Or…"

He suddenly stared at her face with a pitiful expression, "You're incapable of accomplishing it?"

"Who said I cannot?" Ruvva grumbled as she intended to break free of Bora Tusk's hold, but was unable to. Though she was significantly mature mentally, she was merely three years old. Her body was that of a three-year-old human girl and hence couldn't overpower Bora Tusk in terms of physical strength.

She could unleash a variety of attacks to wound him but that would only increase Gannala's acts of suppression against her, which would further limit her freedom.

'In terms of mental maturity, she's superior to me at that age.' Gannala accessed Bora Tusk's thoughts and analysed the situation, 'And she has a large volume of inherited information by birth. She knows how to use Eddy Blades, Prana Shocks, and dozens of other abilities on par with Iron Grade Natures. She also has all the relevant information about Mystic Humans.'

Basically, similarly to how Gannala received an inheritance from the Supreme Tusk Gannala at the time of her birth, Ruvva had an inheritance too. Moreover, her inheritance seemed to be present in her since birth, as if genetically encoded in her.

So, even without an education, she was knowledgeable and able to develop mentally without issues. All she lacked was life experiences, which could be accumulated over time, as she lived life.

'Indeed, I cannot keep her captive for long.' Gannala thought, 'It's only a matter of time before her rampages increase my losses.'

She had to store Ruvva in her biomes to control the latter. But doing so meant that all the resources in the biome were fair game for Ruvva to destroy, which she did every time she wanted to break free.

And as Ruvva continued to grow, the extent of her damage increased exponentially. Soon, once the size of her Empyrean Tusk form increases, the level of destruction she could unleash needn't be said. She was capable of bankrupting Gannala overnight.

"Gannala!" Ruvva shouted, "I'll seriously go all out if you continue to keep me captive here!"

"Then, please create one Mystic Human." Bora Tusk begged with a pleading tone, "My Deity has vowed to set you free once you do it."

"What do you want to do with a Mystic Human?" Ruvva glared in annoyance, "You think mere Mammoth Clansmen can control a Mystic Human? Don't bother. All foreign influences are naturally erased once they enter our bodies."

"We only wish to witness the process, nothing else." Bora Tusk said, "My Deity only seeks to understand why Mystic Humans were special among Free Humans."

'You think I don't know about Weaponisation?' Ruvva was internally worried, 'I know exactly what Gannala wants. I'll never give her what she wants!'

"My Deity has said that she'll starve you next if you continue to remain adamant." Bora Tusk said with a crying expression, "She has ensured that your growth faced no issues until now. But if she cannot obtain your cooperation, she'll be forced to keep you constrained in that spot until you're on the verge of death from hunger."

"Is that a threat?" Ruvva intended to retort when she noticed a faint pulse in presence within her, staring at the figure of Orakha who revived next to her, "Good evening, Uncle Orakha."

"It's already nighttime outside." Orakha waved his hand at her, smirking a little.

"I'm trapped here, so how am I supposed to know." Ruvva sported a pitiful expression, looking like she was on the verge of crying, "Can't you bring me out?"

"Please, uncle?" She pleaded, "I only wish to remain free."

"I've conversed with the Brimgan Emperor." Orakha said, aware that Gannala was rapidly going through his memories to understand what was happening, "You can live there are you please."

"As if!" Ruvva rolled her eyes, "They are only interested in my power."

"That is true, but from a mental perspective, you'll feel right at home there." Orakha continued, "After all, that is also your birthplace."

"But Gannala won't free me!" Ruvva complained as she flailed her tiny body, "Look, she's constricting me with Internal Inertial Gravity!"

"Please free her, Gannala." Orakha sighed as he spoke, "Don't bully a kid."

There were faint gravitational fluctuations in the stomach biome, showing Gannala's obvious displeasure. But after a few seconds of silence, Ruvva was able to move freely once again. "Thanks, uncle."

"You're the best Mystic Path!" Ruvva laughed cheerfully as she twirled once, effortlessly unleashing an Eddy Blade to form a gash on the floor before she retracted her Prana, "I feel better now."

She then skipped towards Orakha and jumped on his shoulder, "Give me a Mystic Eater! I want to play!"

"Okay," Orakha smiled wryly, unable to refuse her as he created an arm-long Mystic Eater, watching Ruvva use it as a whip until it dissipated.

She then stared at him with pitiful eyes, "One more…please?"

"…have as many as you want." Orakha placed her on the floor and created a bunch of Mystic Eaters, watching her chase them and do whatever she wanted with them.

As he observed her actions, a layer of bone formed around him and lifted him to the throat, where Internal Inertial Gravity acted upon him right as his body left the confines of the stomach biome. The space within the bone layer compressed as Gannala spat out a bone sphere, reverting it to its original size.

Orakha walked out from it once the bone sphere hatched, feeling a severe headache, "The situation has taken a turn for the worst! Brangara managed to kill 52 Empyrean Snappers."

"Did Inala not reveal himself?" Gannala asked after some thought, "He's somewhere around the Dralh Sea, right?"

"He headed that way, but I'm not sure where he might have gone." Orakha thought, "Maybe he's already camping at the entrance of the Armoury. But the possibility is less as that place is a death land."

"But Brangara unleashed that pillar of light." Gannala frowned, "With his strength as the Royal Zinger, Inala should have felt it the fastest."

"If he hasn't revealed himself, it only means he's not prepared enough to face Brangara." Orakha shook his head, "Leave him aside for the time being. We need to do something before he returns."

"Use Blola's help to stockpile as many Mystic Eaters as you can." Gannala raised two fingers, "Enough to fill two biomes. I'm able to create two new ones, which will exclusively house your Mystic Eaters."

"Since Brangara is consuming Empyrean Snapper corpses, he won't be moving from there for the time being." Gannala said, "This is our chance to target Yarsha. And even if we fail, you can take action."

Orakha would revive at the Dralh Sea and target the Empyrean Snapper corpses. Consuming them alone would allow Gannala to reach at least the peak of the 2-Life Stage or even enter the 3-Life Stage. So, either way, they'll end up benefitting.

"And also," Orakha stared at Gannala, "Let me convince Ruvva. If by mistake you gain access to her cultivation technique, your life will be at risk."

Anyone who learns Mystic Nature Art will be heavily influenced by them, gradually turning into a Mystic Human. Once the influence takes root, they'll have exactly a year to live. By then, they must not only succeed in becoming a Mystic Human but also fuse with two Pranic Beast bodies. Otherwise, their death was guaranteed.

If that influence takes root in Gannala, it will simply spell her death. Hence, it was better for Orakha to take the risk instead. He had Sumatra Gold fused in his Human Avatar, using which he could devise a Human Avatar combination that would prevent the influence of Mystic Nature Art from taking root if he ever came to learn it.

The moment someone gets knowledge about it, the cultivation technique would take root, no different from a virus. That was Virala's intention during its creation. Anyone who steals the technique either dies or becomes a Mystic Human, both of which mean his victory.

"How long do you need?" Gannala asked, "I've been trying all sorts of methods, but Ruvva never relents."

"She knows you plan to use Weaponisation on the newly created Mystic Human to obtain their exclusive power as a Nature Weapon." Orakha shrugged, "So, I'll be direct with my approach."

"Is that possible?" Gannala frowned.

"Yes, leave it to me." Orakha grinned, "Everything has a price."

"That's the way of a merchant."



Chapter 639 Earth-Rumbling Fatty

﻿﻿"Ruvva," Orakha arrived at Gannala's stomach biome and approached Ruvva, "Is there anything you want?"

"What I want…?" Ruvva fell deep in thought, "Well, I want to play freely. There isn't anything else that I desire."

"I can grant you that." Orakha said without hesitation, "If you create a Mystic Human for Gannala, she'll be able to use it in our war against the Wean Clan. As long as you do it, I'll bring you to a safe location immediately after."

"You don't have to care about the war or anything else. Instead, you are free to do whatever you want." He patted his chest, "And if you ever were to get in trouble, I'll come to your rescue ASAP."

He pointed at her chest, "I have my Minor Treasure in you. So, the moment you feel threatened by something, I'll be able to sense it and spontaneously revive beside you."

"Uncle…" Ruvva hesitated, "Is there…no other way? I don't want to leave behind a Mystic Human's power in the hands of a Pranic Beast."

"Honestly, there are plenty of ways, but all of them will involve you fighting against a lot of people needlessly." Orakha sighed, "I've seen you grow up for the past three years. I know what you want very well."

"Virala will be creating plenty of Mystic Humans anyway. It's not an issue to steal one of them. I feel like you're well aware of Gannala's power of Weaponisation." Orakha consoled her, "The reason Gannala wants you to make a Mystic Human is to give the Mammoth Clan a legitimate reason to free you from our custody."

"She also promised to kill your Mammoth Clansman father to ensure the experiences filling the Violet Mystic Path are purely from the Mystic Human Virala." Orakha said, "And from my side, I'll fund the Brimgan Empire so that you can use the Golden Giant's influence to strengthen yourself as much as you want."

"I wish to genuinely reveal everything to you," Orakha said and crouched to be on the same eye level as Ruvva, "Are my terms alright with you?"

"I don't care about Virala." Ruvva harrumphed, "Both of them can disappear for all I care. I'm not concerned about the Mystic Path either. Instead,"

She stared at Orakha with a pitiful expression, "Promise me that you'll play with me daily. The first face that I can remember is yours, Uncle. You're more of a father figure to me than Virala."

"So, promise me that you'll visit me daily." She said, eyes moist.

A glance at her expression and Orakha melted, pulling her into a hug, "Alright! I'll play with you until you're fed up with me."

"Hehe!" Ruvva broke into parlous laughter, her expression bright, "I don't need anything else, then."

"I'll still make sure that you're able to cultivate in the Golden Giant." Orakha said, "Only that way can you truly harness the entirety of your power, especially that of an Empyrean Tusk."

"Eh? Do I really have to?" Ruvva pouted, "I'm already strong, Uncle. If I gave it my all, I could defeat more than half of Gannala's Settlement. And I'm only three years old."

"When I become an adult, I can wipe the floor with Gannala and make it squeaky clean." Ruvva purposefully exclaimed aloud, making an exaggerated face of being on the verge of puking upon seeing gravity fields fluctuate in the stomach biome, "See, Uncle. This fatty cannot handle the truth."

"She's so heavy that the earth rumbles when she walks."

'Shit!' Orakha wanted to hurriedly cover Ruvva's mouth, realising that he was a tad late, sensing a vast sea of Prana churn within the stomach biome, cranking up the power of Internal Inertial Gravity to beat up Ruvva.

"Uncle, save me!" Ruvva let out a chirpy laugh, spun like a beyblade, and snuggled into Orakha's clothes after transforming into a tiny Apogee Bludder, which looked the same as a hatchling Bludder.

"Ehhh…!" Orakha sweated upon seeing a bone layer cover his body, realising that Gannala intended to bring him out and probably vent on him and Ruvva a little.

"The old lady got angry!" Safely tucked in his clothes, Ruvva shouted, further antagonising Gannala.

"Idiot, why are you angering her further?" Orakha shouted in a fluster.

"Uncle, she probably read your memories and is pissed since you also accept my claim of Gannala being an Earth-rumbling fatty." Ruvva laughed nonstop upon seeing the usually calm Uncle of her break into a fluster, 'Oh, this is fun! I should have done this first!'

"Hehe!" A dozen Eddy Blades flashed suddenly and diced the bone layer forming on Orakha. A tiny head popped out of his collar and stared at the ceiling, "I fell asleep for a few years and you still haven't managed to bring us out, Gannala. I'm sorry to have called you an old lady."

"You're ancient!"

"He…hehe…hehehe!" Outside, seated in a room, Gannala fumed, wishing for the day to come when she would bring Ruvva outside. 'I'll give you a full course of an older sister's love!'

Veins popped on her forehead the more she heard Ruvva's taunts, 'This brat wants to purposefully frustrate me.'

Ruvva accepted the deal, ready to give her all to create a Mystic Human that Gannala could use Weaponisation upon for her plans. But, that didn't mean Ruvva didn't feel salty towards her, which is why she continued to taunt her.

'Can you afford to tie me up like in the past? If you do it, your plan is the one getting delayed!' That was Ruvva's thoughts. And even without being able to read her mind, Gannala knew exactly what the three-year-old spinning critter was up to.

'I should calm down!' Gannala pulled out a pen and paper, intending to draw something in an effort to calm down, 'I'll focus on this and ignore Ruvva for the time being.'

"Fatty!"

"Mega Fatty!"

"Giga Fatty!"

"Empyrean Fatty!"

A series of unrelenting taunts resounded in her stomach biome. As Orakha was right beside Ruvva, Gannala heard her taunts loud and clear by reading his memories. And of course, to increase the taunting experience, Ruvva whispered in Orakha's ears, beginning to sing a song.

"Once there was a bumbling tusky…"

"Argh!" Gannala slapped her cheeks and used the singeing pain to distract herself, using Mystic Bone Art to avoid accessing Orakha's mind. She focused on drawing to continue calming down, seeing that it was working.

"T-This is…?" Ten minutes later, she noticed the fruits of her labour, a series of scribble marks more horrible than a baby's first attempt at drawing. Somehow, staring at it offended her more than Ruvva's taunts, "Argh! I give up!"

Gannala leaped to the bed on the side, closed her eyes upon the fall, and fell asleep, "When I wake up tomorrow, it'll be like this hadn't happened. Yeah, I'll think like that. It's better for my sanity."

In her stomach biome, Ruvva peeked out of Orakha's clothes upon seeing the chaos in the stomach biome had subsided, "She…fell asleep?"

"Oh, thank goodness." Orakha slumped to the ground and exhaled in relief. He then saw Ruvva reverting to human form and bonked her on the head, "Idiot! If Gannala tried anything serious, she would have been placed in a precarious situation."

"She's currently in enemy territory."

"Oh…" Ruvva's eyes lit up, "Then, does that mean my mother is nearby?"

"You want to meet her?" Orakha asked, "I thought you didn't like her."

"She married a Pranic Beast, so of course I don't like her." Ruvva snorted, "But I want to see and talk to her. I only have an inheritance of her techniques. I don't even know what she looks like."

"I want to know more about her." She said and stared at Orakha with anticipation, "Uncle, don't you know a lot? You've visited all sorts of places. Tell me more about her, please?"

"I can give you an Information Slip with the details…" Orakha said, pausing upon being glared at by Ruvva, apologising immediately, "Alright, no Information Slips. I'll talk, I'll talk."

"Good!" Crossing her arms before her, Ruvva sat arrogantly, but her faint humming betrayed her emotion of excitement.

"I'll talk about the time she negotiated with the King of a Human Kingdom and received the entire Kingdom's support," Orakha recalled a portion from Sumatra Chronicles and began to speak about it, slightly embellishing some details to make the story less serious and more fun.

The Indigo Mystic Path inheritor was asleep, the Violet Mystic Path inheritor was listening to a story, and finally, the Yellow Mystic Path was conveying a story.

In the Zahara Kingdom palace, situated in one of the underground laboratories was Yennda, his expression unwell. He was situated in a room adjacent to Yarsha Zahara, well within her Spirit Weapon range.

Since he promised to help develop Decodus Trees for the Varahan Empire as long as his name was publicised as the creator, Yennda was busy with work and didn't give Yarsha Zahara too much trouble.

But that didn't last long as he was gripped with inner conflict. In his mind space, a cluster of words leapt out of a cup and formed into a sentence.

[I was training today, Dad. The Chief wants all Empyrean Tusks to grow stronger, so we were practicing a new shooting technique.]

'Ignore her! This is a trap!' Yennda thought, trying to hypnotise himself in an effort to avoid touching the messages popping up in his mind space, 'This must be the Mammoth Clan Chief's scheme or even Gannala's. They're capable of it!'

[I was shocked when Vhalla wanted to compete with me. She's the best of us, so I was nervous…]

It seemed that the more she used it, the greater Harrala became familiar with the technique that allowed her to use the Yellow Mystic Path's connection to communicate with Yennda. She was able to send more lines of information, with shorter intervals between each.

Hence, with every passing day, the number of messages continued to increase. They were simple things related to her day-to-day life, sharing the mundane events with her sole family member. It was a one-way channel as Yennda didn't have the same technique as Harrala. So, he was unable to reply to her, 'Please, stop talking to me. I'm not worthy!'

He clutched his head, unable to maintain a poker face once he was alone. He took a seat in the corner and breathed in and out, 'Don't be fooled, Yennda. They'll approach you lovingly, but once they come to know about your disgusting personality, they'll despise you.'

"Don't hope for anything nice you sick bastard." He grumbled, continuing to admonish himself both mentally and verbally. But suddenly, he felt a jolt when a larger volume of data jumped out of the cup, 'There's so much this time!'

The data condensed into a piece, like a puzzle, depicting a picture. It was of a scene of Harrala staring at a small pond, observing her reflection. She was a grown woman, in her twenties. There were faint wrinkles towards the rear end of her eye, a sign that she had never been happy.

It was a simple picture, but the moment he stared at it, Yennda realised he was unable to break his gaze free, feeling an ache as he stared into her eyes, "Why…do you look so old? You're sad…

why?"

A string of words appeared under the photo, spontaneously causing a stream of tears to flood down his eyes, "Keuk!"

[I miss you, Dad. Am I…that detestable? Do I…not have the privilege to see you ever again?]



Chapter 640 I Had the Best Two Days of My Life

﻿﻿[I miss you, Dad. Am I…that detestable? Do I…not have the privilege to see you ever again?]

Tears streamed out of his eyes nonstop as Yennda stared at the ceiling, 'My daughter wants me!'

'But, what if she detests me once she gets to know me? No, she'll definitely feel that way sooner than later.' Yennda felt conflicted as his heart lurched, unable to erase the memory of Harrala's saddened expression from his sight, "Haaah!"

He stared at his trembling hands, afraid of being rejected by someone who loved him deeply. It had happened once on Earth already. He had yet to overcome the trauma. 'I…I'm not strong enough to go through it a second time.'

"But…" He was unable to stop his tears, chuckling as his body trembled, from sadness at the start, but now, there was also happiness mixed into it, 'My daughter wants me. I'm needed.'

"A father only wishes to be needed by his family, nothing more, nothing less." The moment he arrived at that conclusion, he realised that his plaguing conflict meant nothing now, "Right, I'll do that."

'I'll be there for Harrala for as long as she needs me.' His expression was sad but brimming with hope, 'Once I have no use for her, I'll simply have to embrace death.'

"Yeah, I've already been through it once. A second time…shouldn't hurt." He wiped his tears and inspected everything in the laboratory around him, "Guess it's time to leave this place."

"I have someone waiting for me back home." Yennda inspected the state of his body, 'I'm at the peak of the Body Stage. I can enter the 2-Life Stage whenever I want, but that won't be good for the time being.'

'To escape from her control…' He stared at the side, focusing in the direction of Yarsha Zahara, 'There are things I need to do.'

Secondary Nature—Infection!

He bit the tip of his index finger and dripped out a droplet of blood, infecting it as he infused a large quantity of Prana into it.

Tertiary Nature—Mutation!

The droplet of blood experienced cell-division internally, causing its volume to increase. Gradually, organs formed in it, starting with the heart. Soon, a miniature version of Yennda was created, barely a centimetre tall.

It had no intelligence and its body was unstable too. But that didn't matter as Yennda created multiple variants of his miniature form. He then grabbed a large container from nearby and placed all the miniature versions inside, giving them a single command, "Devour and grow!"

Primary Nature—Fission and Fusion!

He infused his power in them all, enough for them to consume each other and gain the characteristics of each other. He waited two minutes and opened the container, observing a fist-sized Yennda within, one sporting bare traces of intelligence.

The body was a tad more stable. 'Almost there.'

He repeated the same process until there were twenty fist-sized Yennda, all of which he dumped in the container and used his Primary Nature. Five minutes later, there was a foot-tall Yennda inside, one sporting a fat belly and a blood-smeared mouth.

Its expression resembled that of a rabid dog, intending to swallow everything in its path. 'The tissue culture is a success. Since I can selectively control and capture the variables for growth, the product mimics what I have in mind.'

It was tissue culture, through which a variety of cures for infectious diseases were created. From growing an entire organ out of a single cell, it was a miraculous field of work on Earth, which allowed humans to play around in the field of Gods.

'Unfortunately, I was a data scientist, so my practical experience was limited on Earth. But it's not an issue here.' Yennda observed the blood-smeared entity inside the container, paused for a few seconds, and then unleashed a punch, 'I've gained enough experience on Sumatra to be labelled one of the greatest scientists on Earth.'

The bones in his hand cracked from the attack while the entity within the container turned into blood paste, 'That should be enough to alert Blola.'

Yennda gathered all the blood used in the process and fed it to other experiments until even Yarsha Zahara wouldn't be able to detect what he had done until now.

What he had done currently was to send a shock to the Transcendent Eater, making it aware that it needed to revive him. But as he was alive, it wouldn't know what had happened.

Every time he dies, the Transcendent Eater knows and makes preparations to revive him spontaneously. But the one that died was an entity he created in his imagery. As it wasn't the real him, it couldn't be revived, but Yennda made it close enough to trigger the Transcendent Eater's revival mechanism.

This would make it experience a minor shock. Honestly, other than triggering the Transcendent Eater, this served no other purpose. Yennda did it to alert Blola, 'He won't understand shit about this, but Gannala will. And that's enough.'

The shock to the Transcendent Eater will also make the ones being revived gain awareness. Orakha maintained this state of awareness every time he was revived, which was how he accessed useful data from the Transcendent Eater.

Yennda wasn't good at it, but even he gained some information after being revived so many times. And the reason he was doing this was simple.

The Transcendent Eater had inbuilt defensive mechanisms to protect its information. Renduldu's arrangements resulted in a tug-of-war between Blola and the Transcendent Eater, which created an avenue for the ones being revived to access its data.

Even then, the data was minimal at best. But things were different in Yarsha Zahara's case. She had virtually no defences in this regard. Despite being tremendously talented, at the end of the day, she was a Free Human and not a Transcendent Eater.

Therefore, once Grehha was jolted awake into a state of awareness, he could gain access to pretty much everything that Yarsha Zahara had. 'With his obsession, he'll have a field day.'

The sack reviving him was currently in Yarsha Zahara's Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. She had already given it enough Prana to finish forming it fully. Now, the moment she takes it out, the sack would bloom and a revived Grehha would emerge.

'Before she notices that something's amiss, let's take action.' Yennda got up once his arm healed and began to play around with the plant specimens in the laboratory, intending to create a plant similar to Earth's Pitcher Plant.

Pitcher Plant releases an aroma that lures in insects and once they're feeding on the nectar, it closes the lid and releases digestive fluids to melt them, a carnivorous plant in the truest sense. He would use it to trap the Varahan Kingdom, putting them in enough danger that Yarsha Zahara would have no other choice but to kill him to stop the threat.

"Wait a second…" He stopped his plan, thinking of something, 'Even if I return home like this, the Chief will simply throw me into dangerous situations time and again. Would I…be of any help to my daughter?'

'She needs my presence because she hasn't grown up with a father. Once that lacking desire of hers is satisfied, she won't need me anymore.' His expression drooped as he thought of something, 'Maybe I need to change my perspective.'

'If she has more needs from me, she'll want to be with me for a longer time.' He thought and let out a chuckle, "Then I need to grow in such a way that I can assist her evolution."

"It should be relevant to the current situation…" Yennda thought, immediately recalling the Tangible Natures used by Brangara, "Got it. That'll be my target."

Two days after Yennda began to subtly make preparations for his plans, Yarsha Zahara was in her room, situated adjacent to the laboratory, having just arrived to rest after a round of research. 'Thankfully, Yennda is staying put obediently for the time being. It seems he was starved for recognition. This is good. I don't have to worry too much about controlling him every second of my life.'

She had just lied down on her bed when the sack in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox stirred up, alarming her, "What is it acting up on its own?"

She grunted, intending to suppress it, only to exclaim in shock momentarily after, "He's waking up on his own?"

"Dammit!" Once the revival process was completed, Grehha would be automatically rejected from her Lunchbox. Trying to force him to stay inside would damage or even destroy the Minor Treasure. Hence, she had no other choice but to bring out the sack, watching it burst immediately after.

Fleshy goo splattered all across the area as Yarsha Zahara hurriedly brought out her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon, intending to shield herself from it. She was still drenched though, as the Spirit Weapon wasn't big enough to protect her fully.

And taking advantage of her momentary state of fluster was Grehha, who leapt into her embrace as if he was naturally going out for a stroll after eating lunch. "Hehe!"

"You! Get away!" Yarsha screamed shrilly and unleashed a Prana Shock to send Grehha flying, only to see him skidding from the impact, having used Internal Inertial Gravity to turn himself heavy. She glared at him, "Don't get near me."

"I'm sorry, I cannot help that." Grehha laughed wryly, "Well, we can trade though."

"Valuable information belonging to the Mammoth Clan for the price of a hug." He offered a deal.

"Not needed," Yarsha Zahara glared, using her will to make him way away from her, "I can get everything I want from Yennda."

"Oh, he's also under your control?" Grehha acted surprised for a moment before shrugging casually, "He doesn't know a fraction of what I'm aware regarding the Mammoth Clan."

"Get lost!" Yarsha Zahara growled in anger, sending him to the laboratory.

"Don't you know that your control over me will reduce once I'm farther away?" Grehha raised his voice, "I'm unlike that guy, you know? Controlling me is possible only when I'm within two metres of you."

Bang!

She slammed the door shut, hurriedly taking a shower to clean herself of the gooey substances covering her.

Arriving at the laboratory, Grehha clenched his hand into a fist, observing that he was completely under Yarsha Zahara's control despite his attempts to fluster her, 'Judging by how expertly she controlled my movements and made me walk to this place, she has accumulated enough experience controlling Yennda, not to mention having complete spatial awareness of this place.'

'She's indeed the Heroine!' He grinned and stared at the seated figure of Yennda, winking once, "Thanks for your help."

"I had the best two days of my life!"



