Chapter 781: The Final Feast

﻿

From the very beginning, Grehha considered himself a Mammoth Clansman, down to the very core of his being. And he was damn proud to be one, even with everything against the Mammoth Clan, including the existence of the Celestial Boar looming over the Mammoth Clan's fate.

And the build he created at the very beginning was his endgame build. It accounted for all the changes. The direction of thought was the same as Inala, which was to use swarm tactics. However, the intended motive was different.

Inala had planned to use the Prana Bombs of the Zingers to constantly steal the Prana and Lifespan of Brangara, depriving him of the means to make a recovery and remain fighting for long. The army of Zingers was there to bombard Brangara with sheer numbers that outpaced his digestion capabilities.

Grehha's plan was simpler. He would just destroy all availability of food in the region, converting all organic matter into inorganic matter. This way, Brangara would no longer have anything to consume, which would further weaken him.

That plan had never changed, since Brangara had never had to account for it. After all, only if it had been used on him would he think of a counter. Unlike the other Mystic Paths, Grehha had never fought Brangara.

His swarm tactics weren't to directly wound Brangara. That can be done by the heavy hitters, such as Resha. Rather, the existence of the Bone Vipers was to rapidly convert a region into a land of bone.

This bone, when consumed by the Empyrean Boar King-and now the Celestial Boar-would only be excreted out by its digestive system, wasting time, effort, and the stomach's digestive capacity.

Thanks to his job experience on Earth, Grehha knew a great deal about genetics and breeding, which was why he aimed for the Supreme Tusk Gannala's ovum from the very beginning. After all, with it, he could get everything he wanted eventually.

Just by infusing Empyrean Tusk essence in Mud Vipers, he created an egg of the Mutated Silver Grade Pranic Beast-Empyrean Viper. Its Secondary Nature was Internal Inertial Gravity.

Since he had a time crunch back then, he limited himself to an Empyrean Viper. That was what he could achieve the fastest before the First Major Disaster began. Following that, he simply focused on accumulating Empyrean Tusk essence in himself through his Empyrean Incubator.

His build was purely accumulative. And only after it reached a certain height would it begin displaying its true worth. He had yet to reach that point, even though the Major Treasure of Weapon was what he sought to complete his endgame build.

However, Grehha wasn't overly worried about it. If his preparations proved to be lacking and he fails to acquire Weapon, it didn't matter much. After all, his build could be completed through the Major Treasure of Pet too.

He had planned for two possibilities and had enough guarantee to obtain the Major Treasure of Pet, since his accumulation phase would have finished by then.

Every cultivator, including Resha, had to train painstakingly to become proficient with something. However, it was different for Grehha.

The theme of survival of the fittest was the rule of Sumatra. The theory of evolution also progressed according to the rule of the survival of the fittest. All Grehha did was apply that to the Empyrean Incubator and mildly modify his genetic information by subjecting the genes to selective environmental variations.

Thereby, he was able to control the degree and direction of change, manoeuvring the result towards the intended mutation. His plan through this was simple. He'll simply improve his talent.

Fighting? He'll stimulate his genetics in such a way that it was as if his forefathers had spent thousands of years fighting nonstop using martial arts. Intelligence? He'll stimulate the genes again in such a way that it was as if his forefathers were bookworms immersed in the field of study.

Across the Mammoth Clan's history, innumerous geniuses had appeared, each specialised in a certain field. Some managed to realise their potential while others failed and died prematurely. However, as long as they existed and managed to have an offspring, they had succeeded in passing on their talents.

Depending on how the DNA forms, various talents would form in the offspring, influenced by innumerous variables. All Grehha intended to do was selectively accumulate them all, every single talent that a Mammoth Clansman possessed.

And that also included the talents of the Mammoth Clansmen born to Fragment Disease parents and ended up becoming Empyrean Tusks.

Once fully armed with the entire talent capacity of the Mammoth Clan, reaching proficiency in any field would be a cakewalk for him. With minimal training, he'd gain unsurpassable results, leaving even geniuses in the dust.

In his original plan, he'd obtain the entire talent pool of the Mammoth Clan a decade before the Fourth Major Disaster and spend the remaining time training. Simply obtaining the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer accelerated his plans by another decade, allowing his endgame build to be even greater than his original plan.

'But with the digestive characteristics present in the Celestial Boar stomach, his growth will be accelerated to its extreme.' Inala thought as he figured out Grehha's goal, 'And as he adapts to the changes faster, his Empyrean Viper will also adapt to better accustom his

growing Natures.'

Currently, Grehha's Primary Nature of Spirit Bone was at the Silver Grade. It would have reached the Gold Grade a decade before the Fourth Major Disaster in Grehha's original plan. Now, he'll simply achieve it in the next two years, all thanks to the Celestial Boar body.

The Celestial Boar was birthed by the Empyrean Boar King manifesting a significant amount of Empyrean Tusk characteristics. Now, through its stomach, Grehha was gradually imbuing its consumption characteristics into his genetic information.

It allowed him to digest things faster, further amplifying the effect of Corporeal Mixer to create a beneficial cycle.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Are these enough?" Inala asked as he dropped a pile of Biome Bombs before Grehha, consisting primarily of Celestial Boar stomachs and blood. Six of the Biome Bombs were orbs -containing a Bolt of Transcendence in each.

[Plenty! Thanks, man! I'll reach my endgame potential as soon as possible. However, I have a request. Your base is at the Ravaged Federation, right? Then...]

The pillar of light emitted by the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer formed a string of words, flickering towards the end, displaying Grehha's hesitation.

"I got your point," Inala sighed after a while of thought, "I'll bring you the Major Treasure of

Pet somehow."

[Thanks, Inala. I appreciate your help. If we manage to survive, I'll buy you a meal.]

"A meal?" Inala rolled his eyes, "You better be ready to cook me a fucking feast. I'll be the most stuck-up food critic you'll ever see."

[Deal!]

Inala disappeared from the spot and reappeared at a spot ten kilometres away from the Dungeon entrance. He ignored the Zinger Aristocrats at the scene for the time being and took flight, hovering at a decent altitude above the thicket of trees to stare in the direction of the

Dungeon.

A group of Pranic Beasts was marching towards it, led by a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, lured by the Minor Treasure's presence leaking out of the Dungeon. 'This guy knows how to bring resources to his place. He's the pinnacle of lazy growth.'

Inala wasn't worried about any trouble occurring in the Dungeon. Just the Gold Grade Pranic

Beasts he spotted within was enough to cripple an Empire, not to mention the two Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts there were on a whole other level, 'They're not as strong as an Empyrean Tusk or my Zinger Representative, but they're still strong.'

"And once Grehha enters the Gold Grade, he'll have better control over his Empyrean Incubator and could improve the strength of all the variants he has managed to create until now." He muttered softly and then landed on the ground, commanding the Zinger Aristocrats, "Search for the trio of Gannala, Harrala, and Yennda."

"Make it your highest priority."

"Yes!" The Zinger Aristocrats nodded and dispersed the information through their channels

using Zinger Shrieks. Inala then disappeared and appeared at different Quip Clan groups, informing them all to search for the trio.

'Just where the heck have they disappeared to?' He frowned and looked at various locations, eventually appearing above a massive sea that had been terraformed. Mineral mountains glistened in the centre, which was now the Cooter Clan headquarters.

But no Empyrean Snapper could be seen there, even as Inala flew through the entire place in

his invisible state. There were Cooter Clansmen whose population had ballooned rapidly in their efforts to prepare for war.

There was an eight-times spike in their numbers, with the Spirit Pools easily able to accommodate them all. After all, the number of mineral mountains was in the thousands, operating naturally, similar to what Virala had built at the Dralh Sea.

However, there was no sight of any Empyrean Snapper, 'The only way they could have

vanished is through the power of Cultivator. And currently, only Gannala can do that.'

"Who?" The Cooter Clan Chief shrieked in alarm when Inala suddenly revealed himself in a

large stone room.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

The Cooter Clansmen in the room were the top brass of the Cooter Clan, all at the 10-Life

Stage. However, none of them possessed Gold Grade strength, with their strongest only at the

Silver Grade.

Their bodies failed to move as the air pressed down on their bodies, holding them tight while

Prana leaked out of their bodies like a torrent. Multiple Biome Bombs began to appear on the backs of each, sucking out their Prana like mosquitoes.

[Don't ask us where we're heading. Just know that we'll go into hiding to avoid being targeted

by the Celestial Boar. And until our return, the Cooter Clan will continue accumulating strength.]

It was the message given to the Cooter Clan Chief by the newly appointed 1st Empyrean

Snapper. In the Cooter Clan Chief's memories, he was staring at a group of Empyrean Snappers whose figures disappeared amidst the morning mist, never to be seen again.

Inala spotted Gannala and Harrala among the group of Empyrean Snappers. However, that was it. 'Absolute secrecy has been maintained, so no one knows where they might be. That makes sense. After all, these Empyrean Snappers aren't as strong as the ones killed by the Celestial Boar. Instead of fighting fruitlessly, and becoming Brangara's dinner, they can survive while accumulating strength.'

'It's apparent that they're waiting for Wally to enter the Mystic Grade before making a return.'

Inala sighed as he vanished from the location, 'I just hope Gannala doesn't do anything stupid. Even if she's gotten stronger, she should avoid this fight and remain safe.'

He clenched his hand into a fist, "The seven of us are enough to kill him."

The fact that someone as strong as Boul Brimgan was on their side came as a relief to him,

especially since Boul Brimgan could act as both a long-range unit and a close combat unit. 'He's currently the fastest on Sumatra.'

"Let's resume," Inala said as he returned to the spot within the Biome Lattice, constantly

extracting the Celestial Boar's body parts for consumption while feeding it all sorts of compressed Pranic Beast corpses.

Inala, Virala, and Resha feasted upon the Celestial Boar corpses, experiencing a gradual surge

in their strength. And while this was happening, Inala also began to refine the item necessary

to stabilise his bodies at the Life Stage.

Minor Treasure-Royal Stabiliser!



Chapter 782  One Year Left

782  One Year Left

Boom!

On a flat plain that had been turned into a ginormous crater through sheer, brute force, was a massive humanoid entity, ivory in nature. Looming over it was another entity barely half its height, but infinitely stronger.

Kaboom!

The smaller entity raised its fist and hammered a punch on the larger entity's face, "Tell me, Vhalla! How does it feel to regain all your strength but still feel absolutely helpless under me? Huh? Tell me! TELL ME!"

"Just…"

Boom!

"Kill…"

B-Boom!

"Me…!" Vhalla uttered weakly as another fist slammed into her face, denting it horribly, and giving her a concussion. However, her Prana healed her injury, right before being smacked once again.

There was a gaping wound on her chest, revealing her heart. Air converged around the wound like a shredder, constantly sanding away at the muscles to ensure the wound didn't close up. A pin-sized hole was evident on the heart, pointing directly at her Spirit Container that had been installed by Brangara, just so that he could vent his anger.

Shockwaves ruptured the earth upon every hit he rained down on her, casually overpowering the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity maintained in full power within her. "Is this all?"

"Is this all the strongest Empyrean Tusk could accomplish through Internal Inertial Gravity?" Brangara raised his hand and slowly clenched it into a fist, having not activated a single Nature as he brought it down once again, for the final, smash, shattering Vhalla's head.

Celestial Boar—9-Life Stage!

He got up slowly and glared at the corpse of Vhalla, wiping his drool a little. He turned around and stared at the figure of Yarsha Zahara standing nearby, "It seems this is the limit. I can't reach the 10-Life Stage."

"As I thought," Yarsha Zahara frowned, "There's a high chance your body has been captured by the Mystic Seven."

"No matter, I'll recover it once I face them." The Celestial Boar dragged Vhalla's corpse and stuffed it in its mouth. Psychokinesis surged into the corpse and began to compress it through the power of Subtle Terrain Domination, turning it into a sphere that he swallowed.

"But, it's still a pity." Brangara shook his head, "To think the strongest Empyrean Tusk has gotten so weak."

"On one hand, you've become too strong." Yarsha Zahara said in elation, "But on the other hand, the repeated births have weakened her down to a fundamental level. The current Vhalla might probably be ranked in the late twenties if the Empyrean Tusk herd were to exist."

"And, how strong is she as compared to when you were alive, Tanpral?" Brangara snapped his finger and stared at the figure of the 1st Empyrean Snapper who was his Tangible Nature.

"She's stronger," Tanpral bowed his head respectfully, "She has three Natures while I only had one. However, the current me is way stronger than her."

"Well, you ought to be, considering the resources I invested in you." Brangara snorted arrogantly.

Tangible Nature Major Treasure—Subtle Terrain Domination!

Tanpral had been successfully cultivated to the 10-Life Stage and then turned into a Major Treasure. The process to achieve it was annoying and extremely resource intensive, even greater than what was required to turn a Gold Grade Nature into a Major Treasure.

However, the chance of success was practically guaranteed, which was why this had been used, as Brangara didn't wish to waste any of the precious Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

The process started with capturing a Free Human baby and teaching it the Gold Inheritance Art. Once it reaches the Body Stage, it'll make a Vara Human Avatar using Vara sourced from the Celestial Boar, becoming a Gold Grade existence with the Primary Nature of Blessed Inheritance.

Once the Free Human has been cultivated to the peak of the Body Stage, Yarsha Zahara used Mystic Eaters to fuse pieces of Sumatra Gold into it, however much was necessary to turn it into a stable container for the 10-Life Stage Tangible Nature of Empyrean Snapper to safely reside within.

Following that, one body of Brangara would assume the state of being a Major Treasure and fuse with the Free Human body. After the fusion had concluded, Tanpral fully assimilated with the container, becoming one with the Human Avatar while constantly drinking the influence Brangara poured into him.

Following that, using Maroppa's power, Sumatra Gold was gradually fused into the skeleton of the Free Human to create a Sumatra Gold Skeleton. Once ready, the body of Brangara—fused into the Free Human body—summoned a Bolt of Transcendence, following the same method used by Inala to become the Royal Zinger.

As the Bolts of Transcendence rained down, the Celestial Boar's Major Treasure of Tangible Nature fused with Tanpral—the 10-Life Stage Tangible Nature of Empyrean Snapper. It solidified his existence while the Sumatra Gold Skeleton and Vara Human Avatar became his body, condensing him into a living existence that was still a Tangible Nature.

The entire process consumed 14 pieces of Sumatra Gold and six Bolts of Transcendence. The result was the Tangible Nature Major Treasure of Subtle Terrain Domination. It was the strongest of its kind, since the source material was the 1st Empyrean Snapper.

This was something Brangara would have never dared to attempt before, for the sheer resources required could easily bankrupt the Varahan Empire and still not be enough. However, the current situation was different, with basically an infinite supply of Parute Fruits available to him.

To grow any Tangible Nature, Brangara used Parute Fruits, increasing the Tangible Nature's Prana capacity to its maximum. Following that, he digested a small portion of Empyrean tusk flesh and funnelled its power solely to mature the Tangible Nature.

This way, he conserved the flesh power of Empyrean Tusks as much as possible, efficiently using the Parute Fruits to elevate a large number of Tangible Nature to the 10-Life Stage.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Brangara's footsteps were slow but steady as he approached Wrunnala, smiling upon seeing that her eyes had gone blank, having been subjected to immense torture. Her body was withered, twitching nonstop, lacking any semblance of strength.

He stared at her in pity, "If only the two of you could have lasted longer, I would've gained even more Natures."

"Watch it carefully," Brangara said as seven Tangible Natures of Empyrean Tusks appeared behind him, already fully brainwashed through his influence to follow his will without question. As they watched, Brangara snuffed the life out of Wrunnala, consuming her shortly after, "Tch! She lost her flavour."

"Simply making them birth four Empyrean Tusks exhausted them to their limit, huh?" Brangara frowned, "Even the strongest of Empyrean Tusks can only handle four. It seems I need to capture Gannala to get a larger supply."

Brangara created a total of eight Tangible Natures of Empyrean Tusks. Seven of them stood behind him while the final one, the strongest of their batch, had been turned into a similar existence to Tanpral.

This was the only Empyrean Tusk that Brangara gave a name to, following the traditions of the Empyrean Tusk. She was given the name Lattala, which in the language of the Empyrean Tusks meant the Submissive Tusk.

It was just Brangara's way of exacting revenge on the Mammoth Clan, intending to completely destroy their source of pride.

He stopped at one, for that was more than enough. The influence brought by the stack of seven Tangible Natures of Empyrean Tusks cultivated to the 10-Life Stage was enough for him to manifest the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Atop that, activating the Major Treasure of Internal Inertial Gravity made him unstoppable. Brangara didn't bother to accumulate it beyond that for a simple reason. First of all, the costs were exorbitant. Second, it was unnecessary. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He had hit the limit of the density that he could raise his body towards and control it. The strength he might gain from activating one more Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity was more destructive than harmful, since there was a small chance it could naturally initiate a singularity.

The result would be similar to how the Empyrean Tusks turned into a sun for an instant. Brangara too would become a sun, one that shone for at least a couple of minutes.

As the level of power would go beyond what even he could control, he stopped at his current self. He could create one more Major Treasure of Internal Inertial Gravity in the future and manage to control its power too.

However, to reach that level, he'd have to train extensively for more than a millennium. Hence, Brangara put it in the back of his mind for the time being. It cost him 9 pieces of Sumatra Gold and four Bolts of Transcendence to create this Major Treasure.

Digesting over a hundred Empyrean Tusks alongside billions of Parute Fruits caused the amount of Prana being generated by his Spirit Container to reach staggering levels, allowing him to pop out pieces of Sumatra Gold at levels unimaginable.

After using them to create the two Major Treasures, alongside everything that Brangara had gathered until now, extracted from Orakha, and produced as the Celestial Boar recently, they had barely enough for another individual.

Yarsha Zahara!

She rebuilt her Human Avatar using Sumatra Gold once again. After stealing Orakha's Tertiary Nature of Mystic Eater and deriving the same out of her Human Avatar, Yarsha Zahara made the power hers and used it to rapidly build a new Human Avatar.

There was an endless supply of Prana from the Celestial Boar. So, even after she activated her power, she didn't vanish, for she was being supplied enough Prana. Upon reaching the peak of the Body Stage, she created a Tertiary Nature.

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

Secondary Nature—Mystic Eater!

Tertiary Nature—Lunchbox!

Since the Tangible Natures of Free Humans retained a Human Avatar, it was possible to use her past life's knowledge and the Mystic Eaters to modify them until a Secondary and Tertiary Nature was created.

Her ego was hurt, but she was left with no other choice. Hence, she chose the path, following the same process as the other two to become a Tangible Nature Major Treasure.

Tangible Nature Major Treasure—Serpentine Nature Bank!

It was a result of the fusion of the three Natures she had upon entering the 10-Life Stage. Her original build should have been made purely out of Sumatra Gold. However, there simply wasn't enough to sustain her growth to the 10-Life Stage.

As a result, she was forced to compensate using Vara, which was a good substitute as it was very receptive to Natures. And hence, she managed to retain the Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection.

However, as she had used Vara to dilute her Human Avatar, the potency of her current Incident Nature Reflection paled as compared to when she was alive. Even after reaching the 10-Life Stage, she barely obtained her original potency.

Thankfully, the final result was somewhat of a saving grace for her. Serpentine Nature Bank was a fusion of her three Natures. She could create a serpent resembling a Sumatra Gold variant of a Mystic Eater that can consume Natures.

The consumed Natures would be stored in her and could be released through the mouth of the serpent once again. The overall effectiveness slightly exceeded what a peak Body Stage Yarsha Zahara could achieve in terms of Incident Nature Reflection.

But that was it. Unlike her original body that at the Body Stage could basically become immune to Natures, gaining control over every Nature that made contact with her Human avatar, Serpentine Nature Bank had a series of flaws.

Yes, she had the same power as the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, which currently allowed her to store Natures worth as much Prana as her Prana capacity at the 10-Life Stage, which was 180,000 units.

However, she didn't have the protection offered by a Human Avatar. To gain control over a Nature, her serpent would have to swallow it. Simply touching a Nature no longer worked. Or rather, the effect of the Nature could destroy the serpent if not directed into the mouth.

Moreover, releasing the effect of the Nature worked in the same fashion, which is to be ejected out of the serpent mouth. This basically meant that she could be targeted easily across areas not covered by the serpent mouth.

Dusting her hands, Yarsha Zahara got up and touched the stationary body of Maroppa beside her, fusing with the latter. When she still her the Secondary Nature of Mystic Eater, Yarsha Zahara extensively modified Maroppa's Human Avatar—a product of her Secondary Nature of Grey Kinesis Deity.

Using a piece of Sumatra Gold, she turned Maroppa's Human Avatar into her dwelling, from where she could control the body as if it was hers, without any delays. And of course, just in case any harm was to befall Maroppa, since she wasn't even at the peak of the Body Stage, Yarsha Zahara stored a good portion of Maroppa's Natures in her bank.

It was a last-ditch effort, but it was better to be prepared, just in case. Following that, she strung two 10-storey Storage Lanterns at the side of her hips. These storage lanterns were a product of Kinesis Lantern Deity. And hence, each floor was a cube with a side of 20 metres.

She gathered a decent chunk of Vhalla's Primary and Secondary Natures and stored them in her Bank.

Yarsha Zahara went around and carefully extracted Parute Fruits in large numbers, filling the two Storage Lanterns with them. Even though she could control the Storage Lanterns, once some external item was placed within it, she was unable to store it in her Bank, as only Natures could be stored in it.

Therefore, stringing the two Storage Lanterns to her hips was her only choice. She then calculated and nodded at Brangara, "It's time to leave."

"There's only a year left for the Third Major Disaster to begin."





Chapter 783  Heading For War

783  Heading For War

"There's only a year left for the Third Major Disaster to begin."

"One year is plenty enough." Brangara nodded as he inspected himself, smiling upon seeing the contents of his Astral World. Of the hundred Natures he could store there, sixty were Treasures—both Minor and Major.

Sixty!

That was the result of him digesting all the Empyrean Tusk corpses alongside an infinite supply of Parute Fruits. It was all in an effort to prepare himself to attain his strongest possible state in the given time limit.

Of the Minor Treasures, the majority of them were from Iron Grade Tangible Natures, with plenty of them having multiple copies.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Satellite x4!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Shredded Lunge x8!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Prana Bomb x1!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Bio-Synthesis x10! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Statue x7!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Drifting Tunnel x1!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Eddy Blade x10!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Prana Shock x10!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Mud Ball x1!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Whip Exhaustion x2!

This added to a total of 54 Iron Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasures, an incomprehensible sum on the level of an Empire's accumulation. But this wasn't the end yet. There were also Silver Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasures, for a total of four.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Gracious Inheritor x2!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Rocky Intimidation x1!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Linked Rupture x1!

Finally, there came his two, most precious Tangible Nature Major Treasures.

Tangible Nature Major Treasure—Internal Inertial Gravity x1!

Tangible Nature Major Treasure—Subtle Terrain Domination x1!

Armed with 58 Minor Treasures and 2 Major Treasures, Brangara was absolutely confident of his strength. He could permanently use them all without fear of them vanishing after use. Hence, he could fight as recklessly as he could.

After all, this was no different from him possessing 54 Iron Grade Natures, 4 Silver Grade Natures, and 2 Gold Grade Natures. Even this wasn't close to the pinnacle potential he could obtain, which was to have 100 Mystic Grade Tangible Nature Major Treasures.

The remaining forty slots contained his Gold Grade Tangible Natures, which had 33 Tangible Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination and 7 Tangible Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. They were each at varying levels of the Life Stage and hadn't reached the 10-Life Stage yet.

However, they were his reserve, meant to be used only when he was on his last leg. The Major and Minor Treasures at his disposal were all he needed.

Moreover, he had two Minor Treasures of Gracious Inheritor, each with a capacity to store 3600 Iron Grade Natures or an equivalent of 360 Silver Grade Natures. Brangara filled them with as many varieties of Natures as he could and had multiple stackable Natures of the same kind, just in case he had to engage in multiple, successive battles.

He couldn't straight up use the Natures stored in them, for Gracious Inheritor only acted as a storage for the Natures. So, if absolutely necessary, he'd fuse the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure into his body, thereby using it.

However, unlike keeping it in the Astral World, fusing it with the body was extremely dangerous, for all the influence generated within it through the pile of Natures would bombard his body, mind, and soul, absolutely harming even him.

He had fused Gracious Inheritor into Orakha to initially destroy his mind. It was extremely potent, and also something he planned to use when a chance presents itself.

Using 3600 Natures to fight was less effective than fusing the Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor into the body of a Mystic Seven. The influence it generates destroyed Orakha, someone who had entered the Mystic Grade. So it was guaranteed to work, a sure-hit attack that would destroy his enemies for good.

Brangara had prepared a few trump cards against the Mystic Seven. First were the two Minor Treasures of Gracious Inheritors. Second were the Minor Treasures of Statue, which he prepared seven, for each of the Mystic Seven.

Even though Orakha was out of the picture, Brangara felt there was a solid chance Boul Brimgan would take that place, so he prepared seven in any case. He didn't waste resources to prepare anymore of them, for no one else apart from these seven could ever hope to touch him, much less harm him.

He then had his final trump card, prepared for whichever existence he considered the most dangerous. It was the Minor Treasure of Linked Rupture, whose power was on a whole other level.

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

It was the Death Knell's power, a double-sided sword. It took out the respective senses of both the user and the target. The effect would be maintained as long as the Death Knell had enough Prana reserves.

They were one of the most dangerous existences to be encountered in the wild. And its Mutant, the Grim Knell was invincible before a crowd, thanks to its Secondary Nature of Akashic Transfer. But Voracious Cultivator is incapable of gaining the Natures of Mutated Pranic Beasts, hence Brangara could only target the Death Knells.

"Unfortunately, I could only find one." He sighed. Due to the nature of their ability and their Lonewolf characteristics, the population of Deaths Knells was one of the lowest, pretty much endangered.

Due to their solitary nature, they never tended to the eggs they laid, which resulted in most of the eggs being eaten up by other Pranic Beasts. Even encountering a suitable mate was incredibly rare. Most Death Knells would spend their entire lives never encountering another of its kind, not to mention finding a suitable mate.

As a result, the population of the Death Knells remained abysmal, with their Mutant variant, the Grim Knell being even rarer. At most a hundred existed on the entire Sumatra Continent.

The fact that the Mammoth Clan managed to obtain a Grim Knell egg was no different from a stroke of luck.

Once elevated to a Minor Treasure, Linked Rupture became absolutely bonkers. It was a one-time-use Minor Treasure. And once used, it permanently destroyed a sense of both the user and the target.

It required a whopping 12,000 units of Mystic Grade Prana to be activated, which was insane. Hence, only Brangara could use it. But if he were to use it, he'd be losing one of his senses permanently. So, unless absolutely necessary, he didn't plan to use it.

There were some workarounds to ensure he could activate it through another existence. However, in a battle against the Mystic Seven, any third party would be obliterated instantly, so it would be hard to pull off.

"But if it's a pre-emptive strike, then I can charge it up first, and make another Gold Grade Pranic Beast activate it. This way, it'll be the one to lose its senses and not me." Brangara thought, swerving his head to stare at the figure of Yarsha Zahara observing him in calmness, "Is something the matter?"

"Do you remember the plan?" Yarsha Zahara asked, "I need to acquire Weapon at all costs."

"I do," Brangara nodded softly, sighing after a few seconds of silence, "Are you nervous?"

"Obviously," Yarsha Zahara nodded, gritting her teeth, "We had all the advantage, our plans were perfect, and we had prepared counters for everything. But even then, you lost a body while I died to Orakha. And this was from someone who was fleeing."

"I can't begin to fathom what the rest had prepared against us, since they have stayed behind to fight us." Her body trembled slightly.

"Are you worried I would lose?" Brangara snorted as he extended his hand and motioned for his wife to feel the muscles, "My stack of nine bodies is ridiculously tough to the extent Vhalla could do nothing to me even after harnessing her Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit."

"Even a so-called Deity can no longer harm me." He expressed arrogantly, "It will take the likes of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to even hope to injure me, not to mention kill me."

"You know how strong my regenerating prowess has gotten after reaching the 9-Life Stage. So, there's no reason for you to worry."

"THERE IS!" Yarsha lost her cool, bellowing in rage, "I don't want to believe it's true, but there's a high chance they've captured your body. Who knows what they're attaining through it? But most of all,"

Her expression grew incensed, "They most probably wouldn't have missed the chance to kidnap Yamahara."

"Our SON might be suffering in their hands already!" Her eyes grew moist, raging further upon seeing that Brangara wasn't reciprocating enough. Her voice turned bone-chilling, her every word uttered slowly, brimming with menace, "Don't tell me…you forgot even him?"

"Of course…not!" Brangara grunted in irritation, "I haven't used my full powers recently. So, there's no reason I forgot something recently. And I am carrying an Information Slip with me all the time."

Saying so, he took out a piece of Sumatra Gold, "As you have mentioned previously, I'm recording everything in it. So even if I were to forget something, as long as I have this, I can remember everything once again."

"Then tell me this…" Yarsha Zahara stared deep into Brangara's eyes, "If the Mystic Seven were to do to our son what we did to Orakha…"

Boom!

The ground cracked as the Celestial Boar's presence billowed in absolute fury, causing all the Parute Trees in the region to wither instantly. Even the Sandy-Grey Void, the pillar of darkness created by it flickered in response to his presence.

Her feet dug into the collapsing ground as Yarsha Zahara was steadily pushed far away, her Prana riling up in response in an effort to protect herself. She stared at Brangara's absolutely incensed expression and heaved a sigh in relief, "You're still the man I know."

"I am," Brangara gradually calmed down and retracted his presence, waving his hand to disperse the projection of a Celestial Boar head that had appeared in the sky, like an aurora as a result of his presence emission.

Once he had calmed down, Brangara stared at Yarsha Zahara, huffing, "Don't do that again, please. When I seem like I'm not emotional, it's only because I'm using the influence from the Empyrean Snappers to suppress my feelings."

"Nothing has changed, whether it be my hatred for the Mammoth Clan, my hunger for Gannala, or my love towards you and our kids. Nothing has changed," His voice was almost a whisper as he embraced her, "I promise you this, Yarsha."

"I'll win, no matter what I must do, I will survive, I will kill the Mystic Seven, and I will protect us all." His expression hardened in resolve, "Currently, I'm the strongest I've ever been. So, it's high time we put an end to this war."

"I know," Yarsha Zahara tightened her hold over Brangara, "It's just…I'm scared. Ever since I've inhabited Maroppa's body, the mere thought of the Royal Zinger terrifies me. But I can't abandon this body, no matter what. It's extremely valuable."

She could simply try to expand the Sandy-Grey Void without limits, which would allow Sumatra's Transcendent Eater to stop the Sandy-Grey Void's expansion within Sumatra Continent by surrounding it with Parute Trees.

Basically, they'll obtain a massive farm of Parute Trees in this way, able to control exactly where they appear, without having to break any of the rules set by Sumatra.

15:35

If they were to create a large Parute Tree farm in the Varahan Empire, they'd succeed in creating the strongest Empire in the history of Sumatra, one that will continue to voraciously expand its influence and grow without limits.

It wasn't just that, but the combination of Orakha's and Maroppa's powers allowed Yarsha Zahara to rapidly modify Human Avatars and ingeniously fuse various powers into a unified whole. Whatever feats her Sumatra Chronicles self had accumulated and performed through great calculations, resource collection, and sheer perseverance were now cakewalk to her.

She could do it without any issues, which was why she valued Maroppa's body. Moreover, just the fact that it was a Mudropper meant they could freely travel through the Sandy-Grey Void using her powers, making it the most valuable even among strategic assets.

"Have faith in me and persevere. That's all I ask you, Yarsha." Brangara consoled her and seated her on his shoulder.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Internal Inertial Gravity!

His figure flickered and sped forth, also using Subtle Terrain Domination to reduce air resistance to zero, allowing for smooth travel, "Where are we going first?"

"The Brimgan Empire, of course." Yarsha Zahara muttered in seriousness, "Harla Brimgan's Minor Treasures would prove pivotal in acquiring the Major Treasure of Weapon. Also,"

"I want to meet with Ruvva."





Chapter 784  We’ve Been Expecting Your Arrival

784  We’ve Been Expecting Your Arrival

"Bleh!" Virala vomited in disgust as he clutched his aching stomach, "N-No more! I can't eat any more of that shit!"

"Fucker, eat!" Inala shouted as he lifted his leg and kicked a Celestial Boar leg down the throat of Virala in his Empyrean Boar King form. "You've barely entered the 4-Life Stage! You still have a long way to go before you can reach your peak!"

"Impossible! Please, leave me alone!" Virala groaned as his face became pale, on the verge of vomiting once again. He had been consuming the Celestial Boar's body parts for almost two years now. And as he consumed it, his bodies matured rapidly.

However, progressing through the Life Stage was easier said than done, especially since he was rapidly maturing his body. Faint mutations occurred as a result of rapid consumption of the Celestial Boar flesh, ones too minor to worry about if Virala had been at the Body Stage.

However, the moment he created a fifth body, all the minor issues stacked upon each other to become a major issue, which resulted in the destruction of the fifth body. This forced him to keep trying all along while reducing the unnecessary mutations, hoping to enter the 5-Life Stage somehow.

He had been building his fifth body and failing nonstop for over a year. That was the biggest issue.

"Dammit!" Inala clicked his tongue, aware that they've run out of time. He then turned around to stare at the figure of Resha who had just entered the 3-Life Stage, grunting in anger as he stormed off.

However, despite only managing to reach the 3-Life Stage, Resha was calm, confident even. He slowly clenched and unclenched his fist, 'This is good enough. I've already attained my goal.'

He focused on his heart, smiling upon seeing that the Major Treasure of Cure no longer existed. Rather, it had become one with his genetic information, similar to how Inala obtained the power of the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Unlike in Inala's case, Resha didn't have to use a Bolt of Transcendence. Rather, he simply continued to assimilate with the influence of the Major Treasure of Cure, using Brangara's corpse to further progress his Influenced Region.

And once all his biomes had been turned into an Influenced Region, the Major Treasure of Cure simply replaced his original heart. The moment this happened, the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity became his exclusive power.

Even if Resha were to be killed, the Major Treasure of Cure wouldn't be dropped, as it no longer existence. Its powers were now a part of Resha. And attaining this state meant his control over Perfect Inertial Gravity reached a whole new level.

Resha stared into the distance in silence as Prana gradually began to circulate through his body at a faster rate, accelerating gradually until it was no different from a streamlined torrent. His heart was thumping at its fastest, pumping blood across his body, rich with Prana.

His presence expanded and contracted, churning silently as he was changing at the fundamental level.

Primary Nature—Perfect Inertial Gravity!

Secondary Nature—Mystic Bone!

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean 100!

The three Natures became active on their own, absorbing Prana to unleash their effects as Resha naturally entered a State of Harmony.

His presence bubbled, reaching the absolute pinnacle possible for the Gold Grade. It constantly applied pressure as the records of Sumatra Chronicles flashed through his mind. And then, he recalled everything that ought to have happened in his previous life, if it had panned out.

The edits made by Renduldu had been removed, granting Resha the true, Sumatra Chronicles, one where the Mystic Seven were active, 'This was your gamble, Gannala.'

Renduldu and Mahira Tusk wanted to control Resha as he was the Mammoth Clan's future. Everyone else merely served as a whetstone to further his capabilities. However, the Supreme Tusk Gannala loved the Mystic Seven equally, and hoped they would rise to the challenge without losing themselves to Renduldu's ploy.

It was why the Major Treasure of Cure allowed Resha to gradually remove the filter on his childhood memories and the edited portions of Sumatra Chronicles. That was the Supreme Tusk Gannala hoping for him to become an unfettered existence.

Because that was what Resha meant in the language of the Empyrean Tusks. Each name of the Mystic Seven had been specifically picked by the Supreme Tusk and granted to the seven babies who carried on her hopes.

"By the way," Resha spoke as he stared at the back of Inala who was just about to vanish from the location, "Do you know what Inala means in the language of the Empyrean Tusks?"

"Is that relevant?" Inala glared in the direction of Resha, "If you have time to waste, focus on gaining at least one more body."

"That's not possible. I'm facing the same issues as Virala. Creating a fourth body is useless, since it would just collapse on its own. So, I'm better of strengthening myself to the limit. Besides," Resha's expression hardened, "It's your last fight. Do you truly intend to remain ignorant about the Supreme Tusk Gannala's reason for naming you as such?"

"I don't need to know," Inala resumed walking, "She called me her dearest son. And that's all the meaning I need."

"Yes, that's exactly what Inala means." Resha stared at the figure of Inala who stood rooted to the spot, "Beloved Son! When you were born and Renduldu used future sight, she realised she loved you the most…"

"He left," Resha smiled wryly and shook his head upon seeing that Inala had vanished, 'I hoped to at least calm his heart with this information, since he's destroying his dream for this war.'

"So…" Virala's voice trailed off as he approached Resha and crouched before the latter, "What does my name mean?"

"I'm not telling you." Resha snorted.

"Man…fuck you!" Virala flicked off Resha and approached an orb. He kicked it lightly, "Give me Prana."

The orb began to seep Prana and Lifeforce into him as Virala took a seat upon his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp, watching his Tratham absorb its influence and steadily grow stronger. Its glow changed from a soft red to a vibrant violet, spiking in intensity gradually.

"Go on," He muttered and poured in all the energy obtained from consuming the Celestial Boar into refining his Tratham, on the verge of turning it into a Minor Treasure. The Mystic Human Stamp absorbed Prana to its utmost limits and emitted its presence, refining the Tratham accordingly. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Steadily, both Virala and Resha were on the verge of finishing their builds, even if they weren't at full capacity. In the meantime, Inala had appeared within a Biome Bomb placed on the deepmost part of the Ravaged Federation's seabed.

Two major things were happening here. First of all, by taking advantage of the water pressure, Kenzar was creating Homing Satellites for cheap. They weren't effective in battles for the level of enemies they had to face. However, they were great to intimidate regular Iron and Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

These Homing Satellites acted on the Quip Clan's behalf in transporting goods and also laying down towers across water bodies to expand the Clan's logistics.

The second major thing was being done by Gold Biome Bombs. Having shaped strings of Prana into helical spikes, they were drilling into the ground, having been doing it for decades now. The only way inside was by drilling through the Influenced Region of Sanctuary.

Originally, Inala intended to give Pet to Zhya, as that would strengthen the Zinger Representative even further, allowing her to perform her responsibilities even easier. However, since Grehha wanted it, Inala had to change that plan.

Crackle!

The Gold Biome Bombs drilled through the final barrier of the Sanctuary, creating a tunnel for entry into its interior. The influence seething within was crazy powerful, intending to close the gap quickly. It was why it took them decades, for they had to outpace Sanctuary's healing speed.

"Let it close for the time being, but keep drilling so that the layer is thin enough for my Perfect Biome Domination to shred through at a moment's notice." Inala left behind a line of instruction to the Gold Biome Bombs and jumped through the hole, watching it quickly close up behind him.

"Alright, I'm in." He muttered and looked around, noticing the world within Sanctuary was as he had expected, massive!

This was where every single Ravaged Tribesman from the Ravaged Federation appeared after attaining Clansman status.

His immediately vicinity was a grassland, and outlined in the far back was a series of mountains, each sporting narrow gaps between each other. Inala stared at the sky, noticing something resembling a sun hovering high above.

It was an amalgamation of minerals with the properties of heat, light, and gravity, maintained by Sanctuary to ensure the living beings within it could survive.

"The air seems a bit stale for some reason," Inala muttered as he walked through the grassland, intending to explore a bit before trying to figure out where the Major Treasure of Pet could exist. As for any dangers that could exist here, he wasn't concerned. The reason was extremely simple.

10-Life Stage!

Currently, he was maintaining himself a the Silver Grade, however, if necessary, he could elevate himself to the Mystic Grade without issues.

Minor Treasure—Royal Stabiliser!

Its functions were simple. All it did was accumulate his Clansman characteristics into his Primary Nature, allowing him to maintain his Life Stage stack even while changing Grades. With his current accumulations and expertise, Inala had more than enough resources to rapidly create 10 Minor Treasures of Royal Stabiliser.

Unlike the others, he was at full power, because once he had finished creating the Royal Stabiliser, he could absorb the Celestial Boar's Lifespan to attain the same maturity effect obtained by consuming his body.

However, this was refined to suit his palate, allowing him to grow without the genetic defect issues that cropped up in the new bodies that Resha and Virala had created through this method.

He, the Royal Zinger, was already at full power now. Which meant that other than the Celestial Boar, no other existence on Sumatra Continent could hope to threaten him.

"Those are?" His eyes narrowed slowly upon noticing a small group of people rushing in his direction from the mountains. He had just noticed them when a powerful wave of presence slammed into him from their direction.

"Interesting," Inala muttered as he watched the crowd eventually approach him, stopping forty metres away, their expressions in disbelief.

But a couple seconds later, they stared at the faces of each other before bowing towards Inala in respect, "We've been expecting your arrival,"

"Sir Inala."

"You guys are aligned with…?" Inala trailed off, sensing that every single existence before him was at the 10-Life Stage.

"The Extreme Iron Transcendent," An old man who seemed to be on his last leg stepped forward and expressed, "We're aligned to him."





Chapter 785  Thieving Inala

785  Thieving Inala

The Ravaged Federation was where Ravaged Tribesmen killed each other in the border of Sanctuary to devour their genetics through Nectar. This was a prolonged process, one without any guarantee of success.

Very few will manage to train hard and influence their genetics to the extent it would create a synergic result, allowing them to eventually enter the Life Stage, which is when they would be instantly brought into the Influenced Region of Sanctuary.

After entering the Sanctuary, the Ravaged Tribesmen, now existing as Clansmen, cultivated peacefully. They drank Nectar like water and cultivated plainly, focusing on improving the harmony of their genetic makeup so that they could gradually build a stable stack through the Life Stage.

Not many experienced success here. After all, if the genetic composition wasn't stable enough, they'll implode even at the lower levels of the Life Stage, not to mention at the high levels such as the 8-Life Stage and above where even a minor defect resulted in major consequences. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

However, they had plenty of options to grow stronger. First was to patiently consume Nectar and harmonise their genetic foundation better. Second was something even the Ravaged Federation did.

Give Birth!

Since they had plentiful access to Nectar without having to fight for it, they could casually consume and have children, in large numbers. Natural selection alone will create a more efficient genetic foundation than what they could accumulate through centuries of meditation and training.

This resulted in a population spike within the Sanctuary, similar to the Ravaged Federation, birthing tens of thousands of geniuses who constantly improved their abilities.

Best of all, even as Clansmen, even with different genetic backgrounds, since the core of their accumulation was Nectar and the influence generated by the Major Treasure of Pet, they could all successfully cultivate through a single cultivation technique.

Gold Ravaged Art!

Since they practiced the same cultivation technique, every Clansman in the Sanctuary could transfer information through the same Information Slip, allowing for further progression of knowledge.

The land was bountiful, with resources constantly funnelled into it from the various river streams feeding into the Ravaged Federation from across Sumatra Continent. As a result, the population of the Clansmen in the Sanctuary was consistently maintained at an all-time high.

960 Million!

That was the number of Clansmen present within the Sanctuary, with the population oftentimes touching a billion throughout their long history. Moreover, despite having such a massive population, conflict was minimal within the Sanctuary.

The reason was simple—Transcendents!

The Ravaged Federation had a total of 11 Transcendents, with each of them making a significant mark in their history. And unlike most Transcendents, they were extremely active in terms of communicating with the Clansmen in the Sanctuary.

They did that because they had to. Whether it be the Mammoth Clan or the Cooter Clan, they had a singular genetic makeup, which meant that the overall quality and disposition of Mammoth Clansmen or Cooter Clansmen fell within distinct groups.

Mammoth Clansmen prayed to Empyrean Tusks, lived and supported their Deities. The Chief of the Mammoth Clan communicated with the Mammoth Ancestor primarily and took actions. However, they had a set tradition to follow, which was what they did primarily.

Before the arrival of the Empyrean Boar King, the Mammoth Clan at most conversed once a century with the Mammoth Ancestor. After all, they had no reason to.

Even while roaming across Sumatra and braving immense dangers, there were losses to the Mammoth Clansmen. But their foundations were never harmed. After all, no existence on Sumatra was capable of harming a large herd of Empyrean Tusks.

So, they never had a need to communicate. At most, it was to discuss a plan to enter the Mystic Grade, which took significant time and resources to experiment with.

At least, the Mammoth Clan were nomadic in nature, so they faced countless situations, which prompted them to occasionally talk with the Mammoth Ancestor. The Cooter Clan, on the other hand, were rooted to their water bodies, governing them since their emergence.

Forget an Empyrean Snapper dying, the deaths of even Cooter Clansmen were extremely low. So, their frequency of communication with the Cooter Ancestor was even lower. It was because both Clans had a fixed culture that they followed autonomously.

However, the Ravaged Federation had no such culture. It was an amalgamation of cultures from across Sumatra that made no sense to an individual. As a result, it could quickly spiral into chaos and result in the destruction of the place.

Massive wars could easily occur as the Ravaged Tribesmen, with predispositions according to their genetic makeup behaved in every-which way, offending everyone, everywhere. This went true to the Clansmen in the Sanctuary too, which was why the Transcendents were actively involved in their lives.

The Transcendents constantly gave orders to those that had reached the 10-Life Stage, using them to further pass down the rules to the other Clansmen. And eventually, using their established channels, the Clansmen would pass down orders to the Tribesmen beyond the Sanctuary.

"A year before the First Major Disaster occurred, the Extreme Iron Transcendent briefed us about the Sumatra Chronicles and how this would rapidly shape the future of Sumatra." The old man at the lead spoke respectfully, "He avoided giving us the details, saying it would only fuel the growth of Renduldu. But we were given a certain instruction."

As he spoke, his slumped back arched further, flashing a respectful bow towards Inala, "We were told to test the first Mystic Path that arrives here before the Fourth Major Disaster. And if the Mystic Path were to pass our test, we're to hand over the Major Treasure of Pet without resistance."

'As what Resha has sensed, anyone who is aware of Sumatra Chronicles will become a part of whatever Renduldu has weaved. And all the growth we're achieving is fuelling his growth somehow.' Inala thought based on what the old man said, 'This must probably be related to the soul aspect of Prana. He did transport our souls to Earth and back, so he must have gained a fair deal of understanding about it after becoming a Transcendent.'

"What kind of test are we talking about?" Inala stared at the old man, instantly deciding to use Flight's power to vanish from their vision if their test seemed like it might waste his time or resources.

"You see…" The old man trailed off as he spoke, "There are countless factions among the Transcendents, but they are primarily divided into the three of Free Humans, Pranic Beasts, and Clansmen."

"The Pranic Beast faction is pretty much composed of the Mystic Tentacles and is the strongest. The Free Humans are the most numerous, boasting more than ninety nine percent of our Transcendent population. And finally, there are the Clansmen." He pointed at himself, "Even though our numbers are very less, and most of us are young as compared to some of the Free Human Transcendents and Mystic Tentacle Transcendents, at the individual level, we're the strongest."

"Clansmen possess the power of both a Pranic Beast and a Free Human. So, we represent the pinnacle of cultivation." The old man chuckled, "The Clansmen faction is subdivided into Mammoth Clan, Cooter Clan, and the Ravaged Federation."

He patted his chest proudly, "And the Ravaged Federation is the strongest force on Sumatra, both here and in the Transcendent Worlds."

'It makes sense, since their population is insane.' Inala nodded, not surprised by the fact. After all, the Ravaged Federation had close to a billion Clansmen.

The closest second used to be the Cooter Clansmen, ranging between five to six million, followed by the Mammoth Clansmen at a bit over a million. This was before they were both targeted by the Celestial Boar.

Their numbers had fallen even further now, causing a change in the ranks.

Running second now was obviously the Quip Clan, nearing a population of 14 million and expanding rapidly. Third was the Cooter Clan, four was the Mammoth Clan, fifth was the Wean Clan, and running at the last were the Mystic Humans.

A few more decades later, the Wean Clan would reach fourth spot, which was terrifying, because every Wean Clansmen was a Gold Grade existence, unlike the rest of the Clans. And they were on a rocket track to being the strongest Clan.

However, from an overall perspective, the Ravaged Federation was stronger, as they had a higher number of Gold Grade existence, each of whom not only was extremely terrifying, due to their compound Nature, but also had high cultivation at the Life Stage.

There were eight Clansmen standing before Inala, all of whom were Gold Grade existence with cultivation at the 10-Life Stage. They were just the faction serving the Extreme Iron Transcendent, which was the newest faction.

"So, what do I have to do?" Inala asked upon hearing the old man's long narration that went on for more than thirty minutes.

"In around six decades, the Sanctuary would be completed. When its work is done, the Major Treasure of Pet would naturally leave the Sanctuary and appear in the Ravaged Federation, so it's not something us Clansmen could own anyway." The old man continued as he stared at Inala, "So, you simply need to fulfil that condition."

"Finish building the Sanctuary and we'll give you Pet." The old man stated with respect, "You can do that, right?"

"I can," Inala nodded as he turned around, beginning to walk towards the walls of the Sanctuary, "I need to make preparations for it."

"Sure, take your time…" The old man's words trailed off, unable to be finished as Inala's figure vanished from his view. He hurriedly looked around and asked the people next to him, "Where has he gone to?"

"Isn't he only at the Silver Grade? How can he avoid our senses?"

"Even if he has a special ability, as hinted by Torq, how can this be possible?"

"I knew something was up. He seemed too casual in our presence. That didn't seem characteristic of someone at the Silver Grade."

As the group clamoured, Inala's figure hovered above them in the air, listening to them. He paused for a few seconds before flying in a certain direction. After all, during the long speech given by the old man, he had used Perfect Biome Domination to secretly gather information about Pet's location.

'I'm at the 10-Life Stage now. There's not many who could detect my actions if I chose to stay subtle.'





Chapter 786  Pet Is Me, Me Is Pet

786  Pet Is Me, Me Is Pet

Inala flew through the Sanctuary, ignoring the sprawling cities filled with powerful people, each possessing a complex Nature. Due to the Natures being an amalgamation of powers combined into a practical whole, it became harder to counter them.

'A good number of them are complex Natures like my Mystic Royalty.' Inala thought as he flew overhead the people casually, using Perfect Biome Domination to gain some insight into their abilities.

However, he didn't interact with them and simply flew at a steady speed. The reason he didn't accept the test was simple—he was capable of succeeding in the test, however the resources required to finish it would harm all his plans.

Currently, he was using the entirety of the Quip Clan's forces to amass resources, especially Prana Bomb, using which he created orbs—Biome Bombs with a Bolt of Transcendence stored inside.

These orbs served as the backbone of his power, and the greater the number of them he had amassed, the stronger he would be, 'Especially since the State of Unity is a blackhole for Prana.'

The longer he could maintain his State of Unity, the higher his chance in killing Brangara, 'Even though his State of Unity is stabler, his knowledge about it is inferior to mine.'

The Brimgan Founder had long since realised that Sumatra's power system was incomplete and was mostly reliant on the mind aspect alone. Hence, after becoming the Major Treasure of Attribute, he had been thinking, nonstop, of ways to explore the body and soul aspects too.

And the moment Inala obtained Brangara's data, it clicked with the Brimgan Founder's data, improving his understanding. It still wasn't enough to actually harness the aspects of body and soul. However, he had some ideas as to how he could explore them, even if there was no time to do so anymore.

His wings spread wide as Inala used Flight to raise his altitude and glided downwards, accelerating in response. And upon reaching the maximum possible velocity at the lowest altitude, he arched upward, using flight to maintain the velocity while regaining altitude once again.

By repeating this process, his speed of flight was significantly higher than what he could achieve through either gliding or using the Major Treasure of Flight to fly. Moreover, it was extremely energy-efficient, since he was simply gliding most of the journey.

Eight days of flying later, Inala arrived on the peak of a rocky hill situated in the centre of a forest. It was an old forest, having been in existence for tens of thousands of years, and had never been explored, since it was immensely dense.

In the shape of an amoeba, the forest expanded, its shortest border from the centre reaching an insane distance of five thousand kilometres.

The Ravaged Federation was in the shape of a planet. Its interior was a spherical hollow, and the inner surface was actually the ground where the Clansmen in the Sanctuary lived upon. Hence, the surface area was still massive.

Due to the sheer size and density of the forest, no Clansman tried to enter it. After all, this forest was like the heart of the Sanctuary, producing most of the products necessary to sustain life. The source of many rivers existed here, with the roots of the trees seeping minerals into the water to enrich it further.

And a faint tinge of Elixir too was mixed into the water, making it immensely valuable for the survival and development of the Clansmen. That wasn't all, the Transcendents too informed the 10-Life Stage Clansmen to avoid causing harm to the forest, and hence strict rules had been established to prevent entry. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

'It was for a reason.' Inala thought as he flew above the forest, soon landing upon the rocky hill in its centre. He didn't even have to use any probing methods, for he could clearly feel its presence here.

Major Treasure—Pet!

There was a cave entrance situated on the side of the rocky hill as Inala hovered before it, feeling Pet's presence grow stronger as he walked through the cave. It was a small hill, so the distance he had to travel, though winding like a river, spanned less than three hundred metres.

And soon, he reached the end, one barely reaching a height of two metres, only thick enough for him to move sideways, making him feel claustrophobic. As Inala arrived at the end, a pair of eyes stared at him with expectant curiosity.

It was green, shaped like a rabbit with an oversized cat head. Its ears were a pair of tentacles that reached its tail, covered by fur. The eyes were beady, covering half its face, pale red in colour, resembling a plastic bucket that had been left out in the sun for months.

The creature stood up gloriously upon seeing Inala, reaching his knees at its tallest. It reached out with its foreleg and pointed at him, "You're Indigo!"

"I am," Inala stared sideways to stare at the creature. Though the angle was awkward, he didn't plan on using Perfect Biome Domination to widen the space, for that might mess up the setup.

After all, the Influenced Region of Sanctuary was concentrated the strongest here and it was from here that it extended to the rest of the planet.

Staring at the creature that seemed completely harmless, Inala asked, "How did you know that I was Indigo?"

"I've been watching you, after all." The Major Treasure of Pet let out faint squeaks in response, "Well, I've been watching all seven of you, since I was angry of being using in your scheme."

"I'm listening," Inala nodded, understanding that there was immense difference between the Major Treasure of Pet before him and the one that had appeared in Sumatra Chronicles.

The appearance of the Major Treasure of Pet signals the Fourth Major Disaster. However, unlike the other Major Treasures, the Major Treasure of Pet didn't stay within the Sanctuary. Instead, it came out and manifested itself on the Ravaged Federation.

The Empyrean Boar King's rampage destroyed the Ravaged Federation and even damaged Pet, which was why it remained a lifeless plushie when Resha fused with it. 'However, it's apparent that Pet moved out of the Sanctuary to protect the Clansmen.'

"Let's begin with introductions, Inala." Pet smiled and made a formal bow, "I'm the one addressed by the Ravaged Federation as the Extreme Iron Transcendent, Torq."

"You're…Torq?" Inala's eyes widened in shock, "But aren't you a Transcendent? Then how do you exist simultaneously as a Major Treasure here? Shouldn't Sumatra block you out, considering it blocks out any personal interference from the Transcendents?"

"It's nothing unusual," Pet laughed, "If the current you became a Transcendent and the next Royal Zinger turned into a Major Treasure, you might be capable of something similar. Well, it wouldn't be as effective as mine, since our builds are different, however you too can achieve this."

'True,' Once Inala thought about it, he felt likelihood of the possibility being high. He stared at Pet and asked, "So, through you, I'm able to converse with your Transcendent self, in real-time?"

"Yes," Pet nodded, "However, that's all we can do. The Major Treasure of Pet is special, so through it, I can communicate with you. However, my actual body can never appear her, nor can my influence. Sumatra will block it out."

"You can't force your way through?" Inala asked, only to see Pet burst into laughter in response.

"The level of power possessed by the natives of Sumatra is weak, but that doesn't imply Sumatra itself is weak. As a continent, it's still on the younger side and is growing steadily. However," Pet's voice turned sharp, "When it was a Transcendent, Sumatra represented the pinnacle of power. It came from one of the strongest Continents with a completed power system and became a Transcendent as a Mystic Grade existence."

"And even among Mystic Grade Transcendents, it was a powerful existence." Pet laughed, "Among Transcendents, we judge power based on two simple parameters."

"First is whether the Transcendent can kill a Transcendent Eater." Pet continued, "You need to be at the Mystic Grade to achieve this. And above this is a higher level, which only a minority even among Mystic Transcendents could achieve."

"It's to singlehandedly kill a Cosmic Being." Pet's voice was solemn, "That represents the pinnacle of power. And Sumatra was one such existence. Before it lost the will to survive, it had killed two Cosmic Beings singlehandedly."

"Though it has become a Continent, Sumatra's power hasn't waned." Pet laughed, "So, if it wanted to block us out, no Transcendent could force its way in."

"That's impressive," Inala expressed his awe, "Tell me more."

"I would love to," Pet laughed, "After all, I have been hoping for either Brangara or the Mystic Paths to approach me before the Fourth Major Disaster began. This way, I could at least prepare you guys for what comes after."

"The Continental Invasion, you mean?" Inala nodded, explaining upon seeing Pet's surprise, "Sumatra's Transcendent Eater has been communicating with Yamahara. I learnt it through him."

"Ahh, now it makes sense." Pet's voice muttered in realisation, "No wonder is it getting beaten pathetically out here. It has been focusing most of its attention on Sumatra."





Chapter 787: Attribute, Pet, Weapon, and Seat of Transcendence

﻿

"It has been getting beaten up?" Inala burst into laughter, "Shouldn't a Transcendent Eater be one of the strongest existences out there?"

"Yes, it's damn strong." Pet nodded, "It can basically endlessly revive and control every single Transcendent that it devours. If left to accumulate strength, they'd grow stronger infinitely."

"Then why is it getting beaten up?" Inala asked, expressing his confusion as he honestly had limited information about the world beyond Sumatra.

"The Transcendents it controls are weak, that's why. So, it needs to step up to fight personally." Pet let out a sigh and shook its head, "Forget it, I don't want to waste your time too much, since I feel you still have a lot to prepare for the Third Major Disaster."

Its expression turned fierce, "You are planning to kill Brangara, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded as his eyes turned equally fierce, "Do you not want me to?"

"My thoughts are irrelevant. I can't interfere with what is going on here, you know." Pet shook its head, "But ideally speaking, I like the way the Mystic Seven does things, especially you, and Grehha. So if I have to root for anyone, it would be the two of you."

"Then, tell me about the soul and body aspects of Prana. How do I integrate them into my power system?" Inala asked, not hesitating in the slightest.

"You don't shy from asking, huh?" Pet noticed a faint fluctuation of Prana in its surroundings, chuckling as it spoke, "Are you trying to read my memories?"

"You're bold, Inala. You're confident enough to target a Transcendent. I like it!" Pet laughed as it shook its head, "However, you've not yet reached a level where you can read my thoughts."

Inala frowned, failing to get any data from the Major Treasure of Pet. He could detect a means to extract data from it. However, something beyond his understanding was blocking him. After a few minutes of being unable to get anything, Inala retracted Perfect Biome Domination and asked, "Tell me now?"

"There's not much to say, to be honest. As I don't know it either." Pet smiled wryly, "We have been trying to find out more information, but the Transcendents from other Continents are tight-lipped. We've been trying to study and make sense of whatever we witness in our battles, but it's impossible to catch up to millions of years of development in a matter of decades."

"Just tell me whatever you have figured out. I'll think of something." Inala expressed confidently.

"I was planning to do that," Pet nodded and began speaking, "If I have to explain it simply, it'll be that the aspect of mind is related to thoughts and control, the aspect of body is related to existence in the physical sense, and the aspect of soul is related to the origin of life."

Seeing Inala frown at the explanation, Pet thought a bit and rephrased its words, "Our power system is entirely based on the aspect of the mind. The fact that our core strength revolves around Spirit Weapon, Information Slips, and psychokinesis is evident enough."

"Manifesting a physical characteristic through Prana is what I thought the aspect of body was originally. Pranic Beasts are doing exactly that. But from what I've understood, it still falls under the aspect of the mind." Pet continued, "Basically, if there's even a bit of control involved, it falls under the aspect of the mind."

"I see," Inala nodded, "So, it's like the difference between the heart and the muscles of the fingers, basically a difference between involuntary and voluntary muscles."

"No, even in the case of an involuntary muscle, it's controlled by the autonomous nervous system." Pet interjected, "If I have to guess, it's more like the difference between the heart and the bone."

"That's...rigid!" Inala clicked his tongue in irritation, "Why does it feel...more restrictive?"

"That's the reason Sumatra's power system hasn't evolved beyond the mind aspect." Pet sighed, "The aspect of body is restrictive while the mind has no limits. We developed in the aspect of the mind and have gotten used to its freedom. So, it's impossible for us to search for a restrictive system."

"Did you know?" Pet expressed its shock, venting, "I faced two Transcendents from other Continents until now. They don't have a Human Avatar."

"What?" Inala was stunned by it, "Are they not Free Humans? No, wouldn't it be fused into a singular existence with them as they become Transcendents?"

"Even if a Free Human becomes a Transcendent, they'll become one with their Human Avatar, so its existence only becomes even more evident." Pet shook its head, "But I didn't encounter a single enemy Transcendent with a Human Avatar."

"They are not Free Humans, then." Inala muttered, staring at Pet to ask, "Do other Continents even have such divisions?"

"Free Humans exist only on Sumatra, as they are a product evolved from the Silver Empyrean Tentacle." Pet said, "However, similar existences are present on other developing Continents."

"A developed Continent, on the other hand, only has a single division." Pet sighed, "From what I've seen, they don't have a concept of mutation and evolution like ours."

"That...makes no sense?" Inala glared at the cave wall before him, muttering in his awkward pose a few minutes later, "Primary Nature...what aspect is it originally based upon?"

"...Body," Pet muttered as the cave turned silent. Almost a minute later, both existences sighed.

"So that's why." Inala nodded, "Sumatra's entire history is based on Pranic Beasts capturing Free Humans to make Ravaged Tribesmen and eventually evolving once the Tribesmen become Clansmen."

"That's because we only have the aspect of the mind as the foundation. Pretty much every other Continent starts with the aspect of the body, even newly born Continents." Pet nodded, "So, their development and strength progression is affected by the aspect of the body, making everything extremely rigid."

"Based on what I've found, Sumatra is the only exception." Pet sighed, "Why is why we've become the target."

"Isn't Brangara the cause that's luring in other Continents?" Inala expressed his confusion, "That's what Sumatra's Transcendent Eater told Yamahara."

"He's the primary target, as he's a source of development for even a developed Continent.

However," Pet expressed anger, "We start with the aspect of mind, which means we can mutate, evolve, and even change our races if we're capable enough. As long as we figure out a method, we can achieve it."

Pet stared at Inala, "Isn't that how you became a mighty existence such as the Royal Zinger?"

"I see," Inala expression glowered fiercely, "They plan to use our capability to evolve for their benefit, like a tonic of sorts."

"You're indeed one of a king, Inala. Even with an obvious lack of information, you're still able to deduce in the right direction." Pet chuckled, "That's all I've managed to figure out too. It's getting hard to even think while powerful existences are trying to destroy us."

"Starting with the aspect of the body is restrictive, the result is more tangible and powerful

than ours." Pet sighed, "Majority of our Transcendents are struggling to even keep up with these Transcendents. Only a few of us are holding our own, and that's only because our mind aspect gives us some unique advantages."

"Of them, Mahira Tusk and Renduldu have benefitted a lot." Pet stared at Inala to say, "As you have expected, Sumatra Chronicles is a trap. Anyone on Sumatra who's aware of it becomes a source of power."

As it explained, Inala understood how Sumatra Chronicles functioned. A Transcendent was incapable of growth, this was absolute and held true for every Transcendent from every Continent.

However, the existence of Sumatra Chronicles allowed the Mystic Seven to constantly create waves of change, which resulted in the power system of Sumatra Continent developing as a whole. And as it did, Renduldu gained a certain benefit.

It was as if he could visit his pre-Transcendence Stage self and explore this developed power

system. This way, he furthered his abilities through the improved power system, which implied that once he became a Transcendent, he'd be stronger.

Renduldu was able to experience this effect in real-time. He was constantly upgrading his pre-Transcendence Stage self through the growing power system, which in turn caused his Transcendent self's strength to grow gradually.

"And as his existence is integrated into Mahira Tusk's Transcendent World, his growth is fuelling her growth too. After all, Sumatra Chronicles revolves around the Mammoth Clan." Pet concluded, "At first, I assumed Sumatra Chronicles was something achieved through the aspect of the soul, for only that made sense."

"However, the truth is completely different." Pet chuckled wryly, "Sumatra Chronicles is created through the aspect of the mind only, but Renduldu's attainment in this path surpasses every Transcendent, even from other Continents."

"Mind is the most malleable and subject to change." Inala muttered in realisation, "So, only through the mind aspect can he achieve growth even after becoming a Transcendent."

"Doesn't that mean our path is actually stronger?" Inala asked as he stared at Pet, "As long as we keep developing in this regard, wouldn't we eclipse our enemies?"

"Unfortunately, Prana is a combination of the energies of the body, mind, and soul. The

greater we skew ourselves in the Mind path, the weaker we become, since the other two aspects making our Prana become weaker in comparison." Pet pointed at Inala and stated with a somewhat disappointed tone, "You're pretty much the pinnacle of the Mind Path, Inala. If you progress in it any further, you'll actually grow weaker."

"After all, no matter how much you innovate, using the State of Unity grants your enemyn/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

enough power to destroy all of your plans. However, due to how skewed your build is, you'll die the moment you use the State of Unity." Pet chided, "Cultivators from developed Continents could maintain the State of Unity for days at a strength. Some monsters can even hold it for months. And all they'll have to do following is rest and recover."

"But what about you? One use and you're dead for good." Pet cursed, apologising upon

noticing Inala's silence, "I'm sorry to have gotten so worked up. If only I had some more time, I would have revived myself to fight alongside you. However, even after reading Sumatra Chronicles, I never expected the appearance of the Celestial Boar. That instantly put Sumatra Continent on the radar of countless powerful Continents."

"Are you able to revive through Pet?" Inala paused for a moment before asking. 'So, it seems

every scheme's plans were sent into orbit when Brangara became the Celestial Boar. Well, it makes sense, since he's an absurdly powerful existence.'

"I have a way to revive on Sumatra, but the setup takes some time." Pet hesitated a little

before sighing, beginning to speak, "I'm not sure if it's useful to you, Inala. But whatever, I feel you ought to know the truth, since whatever you've planned to do next will pretty much shape our fate during the Continental Invasion."

"I'm listening." Inala nodded, 'Seems even Torq has no idea about the aspect of the soul. His understanding of the aspect of body too is minimal. Whatever, it's something that happens in the future. I'll leave that concern to the future me that's born as the Quip Clan Deity.'

"There's a reason Sumatra Chronicles is set in this region of Sumatra and revolves around the

Four Major Treasures. Attribute, Weapon, Pet, and Seat of Transcendence..." Pet cleared its throat before beginning to recount a story from the past, "The four of us used to be comrades."



Chapter 788: Once, In a Cave, Long, Long Ago

﻿

On a flatland existed a mound, with one side of it forming a cliff. At the bottom of the cliff grew a dense shrub, covered with thorns. It reached a height of two metres and was shaped like an umbrella.

Camouflaged under its foliage was a tunnel entrance, out of which peeked out an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, shaped like a rabbit but sporting a thorn-filled back like a porcupine. Its tongue flashed out like a snake as it looked out for any traces of foreign scent in its vicinity.

Upon judging the surroundings to be safe, it stealthily crept out and exited the foliage, the thorns on its back receding to reveal a sparsely fur-covered skin, extremely vulnerable. It hopped on the ground, gradually entering the grassland expanding further.

Soon, it began to graze, its ears prickling from time to time in alertness. But unawares to it, a Pranic Beast began to approach it stealthily, its presence no different from that of a tree.

One wouldn't even notice it, for its body was built to resemble a shrub while its movements were like a snail's crawl, slowly but steadily approaching the grazing creature.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beast's ears turned around from time to time, hoping to hear anything. However, it didn't and hence continued to eat. By now, the shrub was right behind it as suddenly, vines jutted out of it and latched onto the Iron Grade Pranic Beast, easily capturing

it.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beast only spanned a length of forty centimetres, too small even in comparison to other Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. The shrub too was an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, but evidently stronger as it succeeded in its hunt.

The shrub's canopy wriggled to reveal a metre-long rat with legs resembling a serpent's tail and the eyes of a snail. It opened its mouth, revealing two needle-shaped teeth dripping a powerful digestive fluid.

The vines it used to capture prey were its legs, numbering six in total. Upon succeeding in the capture, it would inject the digestive saliva into the prey's body and melt it over time. Following that, it would suck in the fleshy slob, for its mouth was too narrow and lacked any canines or molars to rip into flesh.

In a similar fashion, it bit onto the Iron Grade Pranic Beast, injecting its digestive saliva when suddenly, spikes sprouted out of the Pranic Beast's back, their speeds and timing allowing some of the spikes to pierce through the shrub's mouth and damage the brain.

Kieeek!

The shrub screeched in pain but didn't let go of its hold, continuing to inject its digestive fluids while the spikes stabbed deeper and deeper into its brain. A couple minutes of struggle later, both the Pranic Beasts lay dead on the grassland.

There was silence in the region, occasionally accompanied by the gentle wind ruffling the grass and dried leaves. A day passed in such a fashion as a rabbit head peeked out of the tunnel entrance, sensing for any dangers in the surroundings.

It slowly walked out and approached the grassland after an hour's walk, staring at the shrub's corpse that was resultant of the previous day's fight. The other corpse seemed to have vanished mysteriously.

It opened its mouth and began to nibble on the shrub's corpse, taking its time to consume as much as possible. Once that was done, it deftly rolled the remaining flesh into a ball and rolled it on the ground, making way into its tunnel, from where it didn't appear for the next five days.

And only after it was running out of food did it venture out, proceeding to the grassland where it grazed in alertness.

Seated on a tree's branch 400 metres away was a Free Human, his expression haggard and his eyes covered by veiny lines of red, highlighting his strained nerves. His Prana condensed to form a convex object of water, through which he peered onto the rabbit-like Pranic Beast with greater clarity.

'Indeed, that's the Iron Empyrean Tentacle. It uses itself as bait and commits double suicide with its predator. And once it revives, it waits until the next day for its Primary Nature to load up. Only after setting up a checkpoint does it exit its home to consume its spoils from the previous day.' His breathing was somewhat ragged, but the man's eyes glinted with vicious determination.

Upon seeing the Iron Empyrean Tentacle die in the mouth of another Pranic Beast that had lunged at it, the man retracted the convex lens of water and jumped down from the tree branch. He gradually changed his spot and waited for the Iron Empyrean Tentacle.

"Alright," He muttered upon seeing it enter the grassland the next day, approaching the corpse that it had committed suicide with. But right as it was about to munch on the corpse, an arrow of water pierced its body.

The injury wasn't serious, but it had begun to bleed. Any other Pranic Beast would have healed itself and tried to resist. However, the Iron Empyrean Tentacle was built different thanks to the influence of its Primary Nature.

It had no combat abilities and its physical body was incapable of hunting even the weakest prey. Its only means to kill something was by targeting its predator the moment it was being eaten. Hence, since it was targeted from afar, it meant it would die before it could kill its predator.

And hence, in order to conserve its power, it committed suicide, dropping dead. A couple of minutes after it had died, the man who had hurled the water arrow approached it and scooped its body, watching it dissipate gradually, 'Yes! It's this! A concept that couldn't be controlled! This is the power I seek! For revenge!'

The following days, the man kept hunting the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, preventing it from having any food, and forcing it to use up all of its stored food.

Three months later, right as the Iron Empyrean Tentacle moved out in desperation, the man began to dig into its home, 'It has exhausted its food reserve. So, to restock on supplies, it'll probably target a larger Iron Grade Pranic Beast. That works in my favour, since I need time to lay down my trap.'

The man was at the Spirit Stage, sporting 99 units of Prana, only one unit away from attempting to enter the Body Stage. He slowly made his way through the tunnel by enlarging it, digging for hours as he constantly consumed all the rations he had stockpiled, using it to replenish his Prana slowly.

Soon, he entered a decently large cavern, enough for ten of him to stand within and still have some leftover space. The man stared at the ground before him, spreading his Prana across the surface as his skin prickled in response, "Yup, the checkpoint is indeed here."

He set his bag beside him and began to lay down a simple trap weaved using grass strands sourced nearby. He had treated them to raise their tensile strength, creating an intricate net after an hour. Following that, he waited patiently for five more hours, smiling upon seeing his skin prickle sharply, 'It's coming!'

The man's eyes brimming with desperation and insanity widened in awe as Prana gathered across the floor before him out of nowhere and rapidly condensed into a sphere, following which it solidified into the body of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle.

The process barely took a few seconds, a tad quicker than his expectations, as this was his first time witnessing the revival process. However, he had extensively prepared for it until now, and hence reacted promptly, tugging a rope that caused the net to curl around the Iron Empyrean Tentacle and constrict it.

Kieek!

The Iron Empyrean Tentacle screeched in protest as spikes jutted out of its back, stabbing into

the net. However, the man had weaved individual strings to form a rope. Hence, the spikes simply pierced into the rope and only caused gaps to form between the individual strings. The rope was still intact and its body remained bound.

"Capture complete." The man laughed like a maniac as tears streamed out of his eyes, "Finally! After four years of relentless pursuit, I've captured you!"

"You..." He stared at the Iron Empyrean Tentacle and shouted while patting his chest, "Pour your Prana into me. Make me your Tribesman!"

Kiek!

The Iron Empyrean Tentacle didn't understand what he spoke and simply continued to resist.

However, the man didn't give up. Instead, he took out a needle and pocked its belly, causing it

to scream, "Do it! Just pour your Prana into me while activating your Primary Nature. That should be sufficient!"

"Do it!" Five days later, he was still at it, occasionally torturing the Iron Empyrean Tentacle while feeding it from time to time. He didn't torture it to the extent it would choose suicide, but still tortured it enough that it was finding it hard to resist him.

As it didn't have sentience, not to mention no cultivation technique, it was hard for the man

to convey his wishes to it. However, he simply beat the process into it, repeating what he wanted it to do by pouring his Prana into its body, "Pour it like this, aim for the heart!"

"Aim for the heart!" He roared a month later.

"Why can't you do it, you fucking beast? Are the Empyrean Tentacles simply incapable of

creating a Ravaged Tribe? No, I know you can do it, but you refuse to do it since you have nothing to gain from it!" The man roared two years later.

With the passage of every day, every month, and every year, he grew crankier, teetering in and

out of insanity. Finally, eight years since he managed to capture the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, the man stared at the bloated Pranic Beast before him, one too heavy to even walk.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Since torture didn't work, he started to overfeed it, eventually freeing its bindings too. However, having been living confined all along, the Iron Empyrean Tentacle forgot what it felt like to walk and was also too heavy to do it.

It simply lay flat on the ground, mechanically following the process that had been beaten into

it all along, activating its Primary Nature of Daily Checkpoint as it seeped its Prana into his heart.

The man accepted it with a twisted smile of relief as he watched his Spirit Container getting influenced by the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Prana. Slowly, as time passed, with the Iron Empyrean Tentacle performing the same action daily, a change erupted after another year.

Ravaged Tribesman!

"Ha...haha!" The man chuckled in elation before he collapsed to the floor, crying blankly, "How...how long did it fucking take? For what am I even doing this? Are...is anyone even alive

by this point?"

He slowly got up and exited the cave, ignoring the Iron Empyrean Tentacle that had fallen

asleep out of exhaustion. As he walked, his hundred Spirit Containers combined into a unified whole, smoothly bringing him to the Body Stage.

He hadn't attempted it, but rather, the influence from the Iron Empyrean Tentacle collated his gains and brought him to the Body Stage, causing a stream of information to barge into his mindspace as the man stared at the sky, tears streaming down his cheeks, cold, "I finally

gained what I sought."

Primary Nature-Daily Floater!

He stared at the figure of a balding man who walked towards him, dragging his limp leg, "Are

we..."

His hesitant voice resounded once the balding man stopped before him, "Are we too late,"

"Brimgan?"

"Late?" The balding man smiled wryly and collapsed to the ground, kneeling as he shouted,

"Where have you been all along, my Lord?"

"There's no one left at home, Lord Torq!" The balding man cried as he uttered weakly, "That

bastard converted them all!"



Chapter 789: Man, That’s Annoying

﻿

"The two of you were from the same Kingdom?" Inala expressed his surprise, having never expected the source of both Attribute and Pet to have been comrades. He accessed the

Brimgan Founder's memories and immediately recalled the past self of Torq, "So that Torq was indeed you."

"Brimgan came from a line of family that served the Royalty." Pet said, "Back in our time, there was no Empire in this region. My Kingdom was the closest to reaching that level."

"Unfortunately, that invasion destroyed everything." His voice was calm, as if talking about the story of someone else, "Based on what I've experienced, this region of Sumatra has faced three invasions."

Whenever a Cosmic Being is killed by the combined might of the Transcendents, parts of its body would typically fall into the Sandy-Grey Void during the fight. These body parts would sprout strange existences that when pulled into a Continent's influence, get transformed into a Pranic Beast.

"Many strange creatures ended up becoming Pranic Beasts once Sumatra integrated them into its fold." Pet stared at Inala to say, "Invasions happen across Sumatra Continent. However, from what I've found out after becoming a Transcendent, our region gets affected the most due to our geographical position."

"Three invasions have occurred till now since I've been born." Pet raised its paw and lightly slapped Inala's ankle, "First was the Brully Invasion, the second was the Death Knell Invasion, and the third was the Mudropper Invasion. Every invasion brought about powerful characters in resistance."

The Mudropper Invasion resulted in the birth of the Mammoth Ancestor and Cooter Ancestor, leading to the creation of two legendary Clans on Sumatra. The Death Knell invasion resulted in the birth of the Brimgan Ancestor, a Mystic Grade Free Human.

And finally, during the Brully Invasion, there appeared four existences who all ended up becoming Major Treasures.

...

"There's no one left at home, Lord Torq!" The balding man cried as he uttered weakly, "That bastard converted them all!"

"Is...that so?" Torq burst into laughter, his face convulsing into a series of sadness, frustration, regret, and despair. He sat on the ground weakly and asked while gasping, clutching onto any traces of hope, "They...they are at least...alive, right?"

"A portion of them, yes." The balding man, Brimgan nodded.

"Then, all's not lost." Torq recovered, as if nothing had happened until now, expressing clear signs of coping mechanisms. He stared at Brimgan to say, "We'll save them, even if that's the least we could do."

"They've been turned into a Ravaged Tribe by the Brully? Fine, I'll still rescue them." Torq claimed as he returned to the cave and walked out with the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, "I am its sole Ravaged Tribesman. Considering how much I've subjected it to torture, it doesn't dare influence my behaviour."

Primary Nature-Daily Floater!

Daily Floater allowed Torq to extract the skin of a target and turn it into a balloon resembling the original. If he were to use it on a Bludder, the Daily Floater would look no different from the respective Bludder.

However, it was solely composed of the Bludder's skin. Its interior was just filled with Prana, enough to prop up its form through psychokinesis and move it around exactly like how the original behaved.

The Daily Floater behaved like the cultivator it was created from, moving about on its own. Using the reserve of Prana within it, the Daily Floater could use Prana detection means, allowing it to observe its surroundings through skin prickles.

It could see, smell, and do everything the original did, but had zero combat ability, since it was just a bag of Prana. Once it's killed, all the information it perceived through its Prana detection means-skin prickles-would be transferred to Torq, irrespective of how far he

was.

This ability wasn't restricted by the Spirit Weapon range and hence was perfect for scouting. Even though it gave him no fighting power, Torq had aimed for it due to the possibility of the Primary Nature growing stronger once he evolved into a Clansman.

The Empyrean Tentacle race was genetically wired to never create a Ravaged Tribesman, for if the Tribesman were to become a Clansman, they'd evolve accordingly, which would disrupt their power structure completely.

If an Empyrean Tentacle devours its other two variants, it'll become the Mystic Tentacle. However, if one of its variants evolves, that formula can no longer work, which meant preventing the Mystic Tentacles from ever being born again.

The Gold Empyrean Tentacle was too strong, so it was never in a compromising situation. The Silver Empyrean Tentacle was an expert hunter, so even if someone attempted to use its power to create a Ravaged Tribesman, it would instinctively kill itself.

The Iron Empyrean Tentacle was similar. However, its lack of combat capability made it more prone to such attempts. Throughout history, many Free Humans attempted to voluntarily become its Ravaged Tribesmen in hopes of obtaining the power to revive.

Countless ancient organisations existed for this purpose. However, they were all met with failures. And just when it seemed like they were about to succeed, the Iron Empyrean Tentacle was no longer birthed in their region.

Sumatra purposefully spawned it somewhere far away, leading to these organisations dying out over time. The ancestors of Torq's maternal side were part of one such organisation. Whatever scant records they had managed to preserve over the centuries were read by Torq, which was how he knew what to do.

After all, by the time he obtained the information, the Iron Empyrean Tentacle was already born. His mother, grandparents, and even great-grandparents never had the time to refer to such records, as they were busy surviving.

Basically, as these organisations had basically died out, the Iron Empyrean Tentacle was spawned somewhere in the region like usual, as it was where they were historically spawned. Torq was the one who revived this school of thought.

And once his Kingdom was destroyed by a group of Brully, he fixated himself on the Iron Empyrean Tentacle. That was his only option. After all, brute strength wasn't enough to kill a

Brully.

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Brully!

Reaching a height of 80 metres, it was a humanoid giant with arms in the shape of weapons, typically an axe on the right and a hammer on the left. Having a Prana capacity of 4188 and a lifespan of 1100 years, a Brully lived its life fighting. It was meant to live and die in a battle, as evidenced by its power.

Primary Nature-Cyclic Recovery!

A Brully had three sets of internal organs that looped around in operation. When set one is operating at full capacity, set two acts as a backup and operates at half the capacity while set three is resting completely, similar to when one was in a state of sleep.

Once set three has finished its recovery, it would operate at full capacity, prompting set one to

now operate at half capacity while set two would enter a state of rest. This way, the Brully could keep moving about without stopping, for one set of its internal organs was constantly

in a state of rest.

Cyclic Recovery acted passively and ensured a Brully never had to sleep like other Pranic Beasts, thanks to the three sets of internal organs it had created and maintained

harmoniously.

As a result, from the moment of its birth, a Brully roamed Sumatra, devastating everything in

its path. Unlike other Pranic Beasts that took action for procurement of food or resources, a Brully moved only to engage in a battle and slaughter.

It cared naught to further its species, self-preservation, or anything of the sort, focused only

on fighting. However, to fight, it needed to consume food, for only then could its body have the energy to operate as usual.

But it didn't wish to waste even the few minutes it would take to eat. Hence, every Brully grudgingly came to a conclusion-to have servants for the procurement of food.

The Ravaged Tribesmen it created existed to serve only one purpose. They would gather food from the corpses the Brully leaves in its wake and process it into easily consumable forms. The Ravaged Tribesmen would then accurately throw packets of food into the Brully's mouth while it was fighting.

For such a purpose, a large horde of Brully barged into Torq's Kingdom and turned all the Free Humans there into Ravaged Tribesmen. Since a group of them had attacked at the same time, it was impossible to determine which Ravaged Tribesman was under the control of which

Brully.

If any existence falls under the line of sight of a Brully, the Brully wouldn't stop until it killed the creature. Hence, the only way to realistically gather information was through the power

one gained as the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Ravaged Tribesman.

And once prepared, Torq could target the respective Brully once it was alone.

"His Majesty is dead." Brimgan said after a while, his expression dark, "The last I saw was

him being swallowed by a Bhirully."

Mutated Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Bhirully!

It was the mutant counterpart of the Brully, an even more annoying existence. After all, it wasNôv(el)B\\jnn

just a Brully, but more deranged, more enthusiastic, and more destructive.

Secondary Nature-Adrenaline Rush!

It was as the name implied. The Bhirully was constantly in a state of adrenaline rush, allowing

it to fight in a self-destructive tendency. However, thanks to its Primary Nature and the recovery capabilities of its Gold Grade Prana, it was never in a state of self-harm.

...

"Things were grim back in the days." Pet let out a faint sigh, "Prowling about in my Kingdom

alone were four Bhirully and over sixty Brully. There were hundreds across the region, laying waste to everything in a span of a century."

"Everything?" Inala asked in disbelief, "Shouldn't there be powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and Free Humans to offer resistance?"

"It's precisely thanks to their resistance that we managed to hold on for a century." Pet

smiled wryly, "Things began to change as I grew my strength. I attempted the Ravaged Tribesman process with a Silver Empyrean Tentacle and Gold Empyrean Tentacle too. I didn't gain their power, but my Grade increased while my Primary Nature evolved over time."

"The Silver Empyrean Tentacle devoured the Iron Empyrean Tentacle I carried. This was the

price to attempt the Ravaged Tribesman process on me. Once that was done, I captured it and offered it to the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, repeating the same." Pet chuckled, "Eventually, I

became a Clansman."

Blessed Clansman!

"I was the only existence of my kind, and the moment I appeared, Sumatra changed its rules

to ensure I was the last of my kind." Pet smiled wryly, "As a Blessed Clansman, I can spawn on Sumatra whenever I've satisfied the required conditions. So, every time I do, I focus on some aspect to experiment with and strengthen myself, failing more times than succeeding. I turned myself into Pet just to further my purpose."

"I see..." Inala nodded as he stared at Pet, "Then the 11 Transcendents of the Ravaged

Federation..."

"No, no," Pet waved its short legs in a hurry, "They're not me. Unfortunately, only one of me

could exist at a time, whether as a cultivator or a Transcendent. So, every time I plan to revive on Sumatra Continent, my Transcendent self dies"

"The ten Transcendents of the Ravaged Federation are all geniuses in their own right." Pet expressed with unconcealed pride. It then coughed, having gotten sidetracked as it spoke with regained vigour, "Getting back to the point, by the end of the invasion, the four of us realise that even if we become Transcendents, the threat faced by Sumatra cannot be solved, since Transcendents cannot interfere with its affairs."

"So, to strengthen our descendants, we began to set up plans before turning ourselves into

Major Treasures." Pet boasted as it stared at Inala, "I created the Ravaged Federation just for that purpose. Now, it's the strongest force in Sumatra. Brimgan created the Brimgan Empire, which managed to withstand two other invasions and stand tall to date."

"Then, who are the other two?" Inala asked, "I have Brimgan's memories, but I can't seem to

determine who became Weapon or the Seat of Transcendence, since Brimgan became a Major Treasure first."

"What did the other two create?" Inala expressed his confusion, "There doesn't exist any

other force on the level of the Brimgan Empire or the Ravaged Federation here, apart from the ones created by the Mystic Paths and Brangara."

"Those two didn't create a force but left behind something more fundamental." Pet let out a sigh and stared at Inala, "How do I say this...man, it's annoying to accept our defeat."

Groaning at the end, Pet grumbled, "Mikhakatakha, the Mystic Tentacle popularised Ravaged Tribes and assisted in the evolution of countless Pranic Beast races, some of which became the origin races that evolved into Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers."

"Kanka created over a tenth of the cultivation techniques in practice today, including the Iron

Grade versions of Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art. He was also the one who theorised the ability that Renduldu perfected into Sumatra Chronicles." Pet slumped on the floor in embarrassment, "Renduldu understood our plans, our arrangements, and our creations. He then integrated our Major Teasures into Sumatra Chronicles."

"Man, that's annoying!"



Chapter 790: Do What Needs to Be Done

﻿

"You're giving Pet to Grehha?" After a few hours of conversation, Pet asked as it stared at Inala, "Are you sure about it?"

"With your power to create and control Bolts of Transcendence, you could create something terrifying with the Major Treasure of Pet, you know?" Pet blinked its eyes in interest.

"Grehha too is capable of something similar." Inala smirked as he asked, "Do you know what his build is based on?"

"Swarm tactics, right?" Pet nodded, "I don't think I can have an accurate guess since I don't fully understand the thought process of the seven of you, even though I've investigated your lives on Earth."

"Can you not guess properly or do you not want to take a guess?" Inala asked, smiling upon seeing Pet burst into laughter, "So, it's the latter, huh?"

"I've been thinking of various ways the seven of you can go about in this war. Maybe one of them is the correct guess." Pet shook its head, "However, those are my guesses, based on the way I grew up and my thought processes have been shaped. I don't intend to unnecessarily influence your thoughts and actions."

"I feel that would be...restrictive on the level of freedom in mind that you've expressed." Pet then slowly extended its foreleg, "Is there anything else you wish to know before bringing me to Grehha?"

"Is it alright if I take you now?" Inala asked honestly, "I'm removing you before Sanctuary is completed."

"That's alright." Pet chuckled, "It's mostly complete anyway. The sheer quantity of Pet's influence in Sanctuary is enough for it to finish forming on its own, at the same pace as now. So, it'll be finished by the Fourth Major Disaster."

"That's good then." Inala nodded in relief, "I hope you see success during the Continental Invasion."

"Why are you acting like you won't be revived when that happens?" Pet tilted its head, "With the rate at which the Quip Clansmen are accumulating the Royal Zinger genes, they'll birth you within a century."

"Yes, but that Royal Zinger will be the Quip Clan's Deity, not Inala." Inala smiled wryly, "Fundamentally we're one and the same, but the difference will be the memories and experiences that form our core."

He patted his chest, "The core of my being is my experience on Earth. That hasn't changed, so my longing for this world is always at its highest. I wish to explore Sumatra, that's my longstanding desire."

"However," He shook his head, "The next Royal Zinger's core will be my memories of being born on Sumatra as a Mammoth Clansman. My Earth's memories will simply be a product of my visit to Earth. So fundamentally, though we're the same, our values will be different."

"And even with all the memories of my life, I'll still be born a baby, you know?" Inala smiled wryly, "So, I'll grow into the Deity of the Quip Clan."

"I see," Pet nodded, "So, even your method has its share of flaws, huh?"

"Then just leave behind records of yourself. Create a legacy for the Quip Clan to follow." Pet said, "So, when you're reborn, they'll follow the legacy to nurture your growth. Thereby, there's a solid chance you'll grow up to possess the same values you have now."

"You long for an adventure, right?" Pet chuckled, "Your longing will only increase when you're revived. After all, the Continental Invasion will make you feel even more stifled than your six years spent huddled in your room as a shut-in."

"Even as the Royal Zinger, I'll have to live in hiding?" Inala expressed his shock, pointing at himself to state, "I am a Mystic Grade existence, you know?"

"And your opponents will also be similar existences, and ones that had spent thousands of years collating their powers, with a stronger power system." Pet retorted, "And you won't be facing one at a time."

It made eye contact and uttered, "The moment you are revived, countless powerful existences will try to hunt you."

"After all," It chuckled, "You are the most dangerous existence on Sumatra."

"I understand," Inala let out a soft sigh as he condensed a Biome Bomb, "I'll bring you to Grehha now."

"Before you leave," Pet raised its voice, "Leave the Zinger Representative alongside the most talented of your Clan here."

"Why?" Inala frowned, "The Quip Clan cannot develop in hiding."

"It's just a safety precaution." Pet said, "After all, this location won't be revealed at least until the end of the Fourth Major Disaster. So, the Quip Clan can safely accumulate strength here and prepare to revive you without external interferences."

"Are you scared of those invaders?" Inala asked.

"Yes," Torq nodded, "The moment they arrive, they'll make a beeline towards you. Destroying the Quip Clan and the Royal Zinger's revival mechanism will be their highest priority."

"That's alright, if we're destroyed, then it's simply an indicator that my Quip Clan was not fit enough." Inala shrugged, "Besides, even if we're annihilated, the Quip Clan will reappear eventually."

"You mean...?" Pet's eyes widened as it understood what Inala was getting at, "How much of the Royal Zinger genes have you dispersed across the Ravaged Federation?"

"Plenty enough," Inala nodded, "And one of them became a Clansman just recently. That should be enough."

"But it's still dangerous!" Pet shouted, "You can never predict what might happen a few decades later."

"Yes, that's true. That's why, I've made preparations." Inala wrapped Pet in a Biome Bomb and vanished, appearing in Grehha's Dungeon.

He stared at the cocoon before him and placed the Biome Bomb with the Major Treasure of Pet on the floor, "You can wait here until he's done."

"I would've loved to be here in person." Pet's voice resounded with a sigh as it was relayed out by the Biome Bomb using Inala's voice. "You guys are all incredible. Indeed," "When competent people are given enough time to shine, they truly become a star."

"I'll see you in my next life," Inala nodded and vanished with a smile, "It was a pleasure conversing with you,"

"Torq!"

Pet stared at the spot where Inala stood moments before and then turned to speak towards Grehha's cocoon, "I like that guy. I think we could become friends."

[In peaceful times, definitely. But in the current situation, it's pretty much impossible. That

guy might not express it, but he truly cherishes every single bond he has, to the extent he'll sacrifice himself for their sake. So, he refrains from forming any more bonds, afraid they'll overwhelm him.]

The pillar of light emanated by the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer curved to form a set of

words.

"Seeing this in person is amazing." Pet muttered in awe.

At the same time, Inala arrived within a stitched Biome Bomb and stared at the figures of Resha, Virala, and Blola. His eyes trailed onto Blola, asking, "Are you ready?"n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Yes," His expression was pale, brimming with exhaustion as Blola wiped the sweat covering

his forehead. His body was thin, sickly even as he stood up, his legs wobbly as he muttered slowly, "I've barely managed to succeed."

"I've cut off Sumatra's Transcendent Eater from our data!"

Blola had reached the 9-Life Stage, which meant that he had finally accessed the true powers

of a Transcendent Eater, no longer restricted by Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. He fully wielded its power and could harness a level of power that allowed him to suck the resources of Sumatra Continent overnight.

"Can you truly exhibit power on such a level?" Inala asked, "Are you capable of sucking Sumatra dry of its resources?"

"I can," Blola nodded, "Though the moment I try that, I'm afraid a Mystic Tentacle will manifest beside me to destroy me. Or at worst, the Transcendent Mystic Tentacles will smite

me from up there."

"Then, that's good." Inala nodded, "Even if we have no reason to do it, it's still a powerful

card to play. As long as you take root on the Celestial Boar, you can destroy its body through

your roots."

"But I need to train, Inala." Blola sighed, "There's barely enough time to adjust to this

power, not to mention wield it against Brangara."

"It's over for us if he manages to devour me."

"You're not getting anywhere close to him." Inala smiled as he extended his hand, "Well, give

me a body."

"What are you going to do with it?" Blola instinctively covered himself with his arms, turning them into vines to wrap around his body, his expression nervous.

"Something that's a necessity." Inala said and then stared at Resha, "I'm sorry, but I'll be

taking the Celestial Boar's body."

"That's alright," Resha nodded, "It's not necessary for me anymore."

He said as his body melted into a pool of bone and rebuild itself to appear no different from

Brangara, "Since I obtained his form through Virala, I can use the Empyrean Boar King's body alongside my own to build the Celestial Boar body."

"Our foundations are the same, after all." He nodded.

"I expected that," Inala nodded and then stared at Virala, "What about your side?"

"Dude, don't even bother wasting your energy." Virala raised his hand, "If I had a Mystic

Human competent enough to handle the Celestial Boar's body, I would have taken it long ago."

"So yeah," He said as his eyes shone fiercely, "Do what needs to be done."

"I'll be content as long as I avenge Orakha."



