Chapter 481 Indigo Mystic Path

﻿﻿"Your rashes have gotten worse." Seated on a boulder next to a dazed, middle-aged woman was Gannala, continuing to scratch her arms as she heard Inala's remark.

"I have been carrying Asaeya in my biome all along. Seems her existence alone affected me more than your Empyrean Zingers." She said in irritation and shot a glare in the direction of Asaeya who was coolly drawing circles on the ground nearby.

"Don't blame me." Asaeya shrugged at the accusation as she remained focused on her circle. She then transformed her nail into a needle and plunged it into her eye, "Aren't I outside now? Take the time to heal."

Gannala turned away from Asaeya, unwilling to see such a sight of gore. "Masochistic woman…"

"Empyrean retard," Asaeya retorted in response. A moment's glare later, the two women exchanged blows, stopping once Gannala ran away, covered from head to toe by needles that transmitted pain through her body.

"It hurts! Stop attacking me, dammit!" Gannala then slid underneath Inala's legs, fluidly used his body as a shield, and then unleashed a gust of air at Asaeya, knocking her away.

"Don't involve me in this." Inala slipped free from Gannala's hold and leapt away, unwilling to be caught in this fight.

"Impotent bastard, can't you take a hit until I've vented enough?" Asaeya shouted at Inala and attacked him.

"I'm telling you, it's just not possible because of my Mystic Path. It'll be resolved once I obtain the Attribute." Inala said and created a Prana Bomb shield to protect himself.

While Gannala entered the body of an Enrino and travelled through the wilds, Inala and Asaeya lived in her biome, with plenty of time in their hands. Other than training and communicating with Gannala, Inala spent the rest of the time making merry with Asaeya.

But a year passed and Asaeya failed to get pregnant. Eventually, as Gannala began to comprehend her Mystic Path, Inala figured out the cause.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala split her path to the Mystic Grade into seven fragments, with each becoming a realistic path to the Mystic Grade. Each Mystic Path was represented by the aspect that Gannala had fragmented to create. And the easiest way to recognise them was through colour.

Indigo Mystic Path—Inala!

This was the reason Inala's colour was Indigo when Renduldu transported his soul from Earth to the Sumatra Continent. The one transferred from his mind to Gannala after her birth wasn't the entire Mystic Path.

No, it was just the bridge between the two, and one with the power to form a station in Gannala. Basically, Inala himself was the Indigo Mystic Path. Everything he does would be converted into information that would feed into Gannala through the Mystic Path's connection between the two.

And once the cup in Gannala's mindspace fills to the brim, it would unleash Sumatra's presence and make Gannala reach the Mystic Grade. But, the type of Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that she'll become depends entirely on Inala's actions.

So, Inala's actions became the fuel that directed Gannala's Mystic Grade form, race, etc. The Indigo Mystic Path was merely a cup to fill Inala's actions into.

Since he himself was the personification of the Mystic Path, to avoid damaging the bridge, the Supreme Tusk Gannala had placed a limitation, thereby preventing the Mystic Paths from having more than one child.

Therefore, until the cup in Gannala fills to the brim and she reaches Mystic Grade, Inala will be unable to have another child. This restriction applied to the other six Mystic Paths too.

Originally, Inala assumed the Mystic Path to be the cup in the mindspace. Since unleashing the Sumatra Continent's presence was enough to attain the Mystic Grade, he assumed that to be the Mystic Path.

But the Supreme Tusk Gannala wasn't satisfied with the Empyrean Tusks simply reaching the Mystic Grade, knowing very well that a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk was merely fuel to the Boar King.

Even among Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, the Boar King was in a league of his own. The Supreme Tusk Gannala knew this very well thanks to the information Renduldu had given her.

A Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk not only would be defeated by the Boar King but would also end up getting devoured by him. The moment the Boar King becomes armed with a Mystic Grade Nature, no creature would ever be his opponent.

And if the seven Mystic Paths were to create seven Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusks, the Mammoth Clan would have no future. That was why, even though she had a clear view of the Mystic Grade through the seven Mystic Paths, the Supreme Tusk Gannala had to complicate things while creating them.

Now, based on the actions taken by the seven Mystic Paths, their respective children would reach the Mystic Grade accordingly, becoming variants of Empyrean Tusks or transforming into a completely different race.

Empyrean Tusks had already reached the end of their evolution path, which is why they have the suffix of Empyrean. Therefore, to attain the Mystic Grade, they'll have to become a Pranic Beast different from an Empyrean Tusk.

Since they'll change races anyway, the Supreme Tusk Gannala wanted them to become versions that best countered the Boar King. Since the seven Mystic Paths read Sumatra Chronicles while on Earth, they'll take actions that would best counter the Boar King, their ultimate enemy.

As a result, their actions would influence their children to become Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts which personified them as a counter to the Boar King. This was the Supreme Tusk Gannala's ultimate goal.

And as long as one was a Mystic Path, irrespective of what they did, they'd find themselves in a death battle against the Boar King in the Fourth Major Disaster. After all, the actions they take would be the best fuel to fill up the cups and cause their children to reach the Mystic Grade.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala had focused on this aspect the strongest and ensured it to be the case. It was why even after Virala broke free from the Mammoth Clan and removed himself from Renduldu's arrangements, the shiny orb remained in his mindspace.

He was still the Violet Mystic Path. Influenced by his actions, the cup in his child would fill up and then bring the child into the Mystic Grade accordingly.

Renduldu had merely used the Transcendent Eater's power to ensure the seven Mystic Paths didn't die before they realised their potential. If someone managed to break free from this arrangement, it only meant they were powerful enough to do so, which meant they wouldn't die that easily in Sumatra.

Originally, Inala felt pissed upon realising that even after he becomes a Zinger completely, he'll still be involved in everything. He wasn't yet able to find out the cause or how he'd be influenced, but one thing was for sure.

No matter what he does, he'll find himself at the centre of every single Major Disaster, as did all Mystic Paths. And they'll all face the Boar King repeatedly until the Fourth Major Disaster for a final battle.

If they manage to survive, they'll truly be free, for by then, their children will have become Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. With no longer being Mystic Paths, they'll be able to do as they please. But until then, they'll have to dance to the tune of whatever arrangements the Supreme Tusk Gannala had created.

'Somehow, she's made arrangements using the Major Treasures.' Inala sighed at the thought while defending against Asaeya's frustrated attacks, 'Since they operate at laws beyond Sumatra's power system, it's impossible to understand what or how she's ensuring all seven will participate in all Major Disasters.'



Chapter 482 To The Mammoth Clan

﻿﻿"Have you calmed down now?" Inala asked as he peeked out from behind the Prana Bomb wall and observed its front ridden with needles.

"I was calm all along," Asaeya dropped to the ground in exhaustion and stared at Gannala, "Until she triggered me."

"You caused me a severe rash. So, don't blame me." Gannala didn't relent and was more confident now that Asaeya wasted most of her Prana uselessly.

"Alright, it's time to leave, So, let's stop the fight now." Inala said and gathered the two ladies, "We'll return to the Mammoth Clan."

He then stared at Asaeya, "How's your strength now?"

"I'll reach the 2-Life Stage by the time we reach the Mammoth Clan." Asaeya said in confidence, "It has been close to twenty years after all."

"Considering the amount of information and resources you consumed, it would have been terrifying if you still failed to reach the 2-Life Stage." Gannala snarkily commented from the side.

"Don't we need to clean this place up?" Asaeya stared at the mess she had created. She waved her hand, using psychokinesis to lift six needles at a time, and bundled them up quickly.

Seeing Asaeya ignore her and focus on cleaning up the place, Gannala pouted in boredom before she too began to clean the place of all traces of their recent battle. There wasn't any enmity between her and Asaeya. They just fought to curb their boredom and vent their stress. It was their coping mechanism.

Considering how much they fought until now, it had become their habit. And once Asaeya's new Tertiary Nature took root, she had become strong enough to keep up with Gannala.

Upon completing the cleanup, Inala stared at Gannala, "Equip yourself now."

"Okay," Gannala nodded as she approached the boulder and entered the Tertiary Nature slot of the dazed, middle-aged woman. Immediately in response, the middle-aged woman's eyes opened. It took them three months to obtain this body and after a lot of effort. So, she was extremely valuable.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Millinger!

It was hard to find a Centinger colony led by a lone Millinger, especially one that was a female. Upon capturing it, Gannala had to spend the past two years influencing its body and mind to finally reach a level where she could control it.

Even now, Gannala wasn't able to fight like her prime in this middle-aged woman's body, but she was getting there. Probably within the next five to ten years, she'll fully influence the body to behave perfectly in sync with her thoughts.

Prime Skill—Gannala!

She had been using it repeatedly. And despite that, the Millinger's body was naturally birthing its own consciousness after some time, thanks to the influence generated by its own Natures, especially Inhibition Dome. It was why Gannala needed such a long duration.

But even a decade was nothing when compared to the strength unleashed by a Millinger, especially one equipped with Gannala's powers.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

Tertiary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity, Weaponisation, Cultivator!

Gannala was a powerhouse in this form. Once she influences the Millinger body into being compatible with Mystic Bone Art, her true power could be unleashed, one that would instantly elevate her to the levels of the top experts of Sumatra Continent.

Four strings of Prana jutted out of Inala as two of them coiled around Gannala and Asaeya respectively. The third condensed a Prana Bomb and transformed it into a Sumatra Zinger, beginning to suck in air rapidly.

"Hold tight," Inala said and pointed the Sumatra Zinger into the air to shoot. In that moment, he enveloped the trio in a Prana Bomb and filled it with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, ensuring they wouldn't be rattled by the shockwaves while also reducing their weight to the limit.

A Prana Bomb shot out of the Sumatra Zinger, coiled around by the fourth string of Prana that rapidly surged Prana into it and instantly increased its weight.

As a result, once the Prana Bomb flew into the air and reached a distance of 180 metres, it pulled the weightless large Prana Bomb—containing the trio of Inala, Gannala, and Asaeya—with it.

After some time, once it had reached the peak of its altitude, the fourth string let go of the Prana Bomb and retreated into the Sumatra Zinger that shot another Prana Bomb, one that increased in weight after leaving the gun.

It carried the trio even higher. Inala repeated the process until their altitude reached six kilometres from the ground. The air was mildly thinner here but wasn't much of an issue. The large Prana Bomb covering them shattered.

Stage 3—Empyrean!

Inala transformed into his Empyrean Zinger form and stretched his wings to the limit, gliding forth as seated on his back were Gannala and Asaeya, eyeing the scenery with refreshed gazes. The altitude of six kilometres was a comfortable height.

It wasn't too high that even breathing would be difficult. And in the same vein, it wasn't too low that Pranic Beasts could spot him and target him from the ground or the mountains.

As there were no flying creatures in Sumatra, staring up at the sky wasn't a habit the Pranic Beasts had. Even the Zingers at the Dieng Canyon only glided between the mountains there, never exceeding the altitude of the region itself.

But here he was, high up in the sky thanks to the mixture of abilities he possessed. As his male form had reached the peak of the Body Stage, he could fully assume his Empyrean Zinger form, for the first time experiencing with his own body what it meant to fly.

Of course, before he tried this personally, Inala had experimented with his Empyrean Zingers to fine-tune the method. That was why the mysterious eye didn't manifest itself to target him, since throughout this process, Inala was simply shooting himself into the sky as a projectile.

And only after reaching the maximum altitude would he begin to glide.

When he wanted to increase his altitude once again, he'd assume human form, envelop his group in a large Prana Bomb, and shoot themselves up in the same method as before. As he was doing this while not having the means necessary for flight, and since his Prana Bomb was only spherical in shape, the eye didn't appear.

During the experiment, the eye appeared once when an Empyrean Zinger made a shot while gliding around. For an instant, its body accelerated while possessing the means to fly. As a result, the eye appeared and erased its limbs, causing the Empyrean Zinger to splatter to the ground.

It was an accident the first time, so Inala was unable to experiment fully. He then left two Empyrean Zingers in a region and made them perform the same experiment while he had fled far away.

In the same fashion as before, the Empyrean Zinger accelerated while gliding, causing its actions to be assumed as flight for an instant, following which its limbs disappeared as the eye appeared.

The second Empyrean Zinger was ready and managed to catch it. After the eye vanished, the Empyrean Zinger that had lost its limbs shrieked to inform that it was okay to arrive, only after which did Inala come to the scene and inspect it.

Even after seeping Prana into the region, the Empyrean Zinger's limbs never regenerated. Inala made cuts at the socket and watched as the cuts regenerated to become stumps. But the limbs never formed ever again, as if they never existed in the first place.

His second experiment was to check if it was possible to reach the Transcendent World through this shooting method. An Empyrean Zinger with a large reserve of Prana Bombs stashed in its stomach biome made the journey, continuing to head upwards.

Soon, the density of the air had become so thin that it was impossible to suck in the air fast enough for the Sumatra Zinger to shoot before the Empyrean Zinger's body fell through the covered height. It then used the reserve of air in the biome of its lungs to continue upward, soon reaching a stratum with air so lacking in density that it could be deemed negligible.

But even then, when it peered up, the size of the Transcendent World remained the same as when viewed from the ground. It meant that the Transcendent Worlds was so far away that the distance covered by the Empyrean Zinger remained negligible.

As a result, Inala concluded that it was impossible to travel to the Transcendent Worlds using traditional means. Even if he figured out a method to have enough fuel for the shooting method, he would probably have to travel for decades, if not centuries, and still not reach a Transcendent World.

It was easier to become a Transcendent and reach the Transcendent World the conventional way. Inala recalled his thoughts from that time as he continued to glide through the sky, making multiple stops along the way to rest and recover.

Soon, sixteen days after he began the travel, Asaeya erupted with Prana as her presence grew stronger, finally reaching the 2-Life Stage. At the same time, Inala noticed far away, near the horizon, a row of moving mountains, smiling as a feeling of nostalgia enveloped him, "We're back home,"

"To the Mammoth Clan."



Chapter 483 Gannala’s Supremacy

?Soon, they were five kilometres away from the herd of Empyrean Tusks. The Mammoth Clansmen on them naturally noticed Inala's Empyrean Zinger form, staring in curiosity, unable to determine if it was a friend or foe.

Inala glided forward and gradually approached the 1st Empyrean Tusk, watching with his exceptional eyesight as Raaha walked out of his dwelling and stared up.

Seeing the figure of Asaeya and the middle-aged woman on the Empyrean Zinger's back, Raaha waited patiently, having an inkling that the one approaching him was Inala. After all, it was the biggest Zinger he had ever seen.

'Is that Inala?' Thinking as such, Raaha told the Mammoth Clansmen to be on standby as he watched Inala's Empyrean Zinger form land on the terrace of a building on the 1st Empyrean Tusk and revert to human form.

"Inala?" Raaha said upon seeing Inala's figure, unable to recognise him for an instant, controlling his expression of shock, 'He's strong. I can clearly feel it.'

Emanating from Inala was a level of presence that Raaha hadn't felt from anyone else. It was as if multiple Gold Grade Pranic Beasts dwelled in him. 'He's special, alright.'

"I have returned, Chief." Inala made a formal bow and patted the middle-aged woman beside him, "And I have successfully completed my mission."

"She is…Gannala?" Raaha frowned upon staring at the middle-aged woman, "All I can sense is the presence of a Free Human from her."

"Ah!" A Mammoth Elder rushed out from one of the buildings suddenly and skated to a bowing posture before the middle-aged woman, "Finally! An Empyrean Tusk bearing our Ancestor's legacy has arrived!"

"You have powerful senses, kid." The middle-aged woman said in surprise upon staring at the eleven-year-old boy before her. Her eyes grew dazed as an orb fell out and transformed into Gannala, "How did you manage to sense me?"

"It's my job," The Mammoth Elder shed tears while bowing nonstop upon seeing Gannala, "I have never laid my eyes on an Empyrean Tusk as deific as you."

"You…" The Mammoth Elder stared at Inala in gratitude, "You're the Mammoth Clan's Hero! I grant you this title."

"I gratefully accept it." Inala bowed in response and then watched Raaha approach him, displaying an expression filled with questions. Inala nodded at him promptly, "Ask me anything you want, Chief."

"First of all, what's up with Gannala?" Raaha asked, "Why is her presence so different from what the Empyrean Tusks informed me?"

"Tertiary Nature of Cultivator." Inala said, "She has the same Tertiary Nature as the Boar King. As she's able to switch between human and Empyrean Tusk forms, she appears different. Moreover, she also holds the Mammoth Ancestor's power."

"The Mammoth Ancestor's?" Raaha asked in shock, "Is that how she is able to remain in that woman's body?"

"Yes, but if you wish to know more about that, you need to ask Gannala. It's her discretion whether to inform you or not." Inala said, "There's a reason the Mammoth Ancestor refrained from making it possible for every one part of the Mammoth Clan to obtain her power."

"Yeah, no, I'm not telling." Gannala shook her head upon feeling Raaha's gaze, "The Mammoth Clan will be destroyed as a result. So, it'll be a secret exclusive to me."

"So, help me." Gannala stared at Raaha, "I need you to eliminate a certain someone."

"Who?" Raaha asked.

"Virala," Gannala said and pointed to the 42nd Empyrean Tusk, "He's currently hiding in her Secondary Nature slot."

Over the years, Virala had been stealthily moving spots from one Empyrean Tusk to another, consuming the resources in them to grow his body. He had managed to switch to the body of the 42nd Empyrean Tusk a few days ago.

Since Gannala had the same power, upon inspecting the Empyrean Tusks while in the sky, she detected his position.

"Fine, but you need to give me the details later." Raaha accepted it without hesitation, stunning Inala. After all, based on what he knew of Raaha from the memories of Orakha and Virala, Raaha was a headstrong individual who didn't listen to Empyrean Tusks either.

He had his own ideas and functioned on them, unlike most Mammoth Clansmen who happily served their respective Empyrean Tusks. Moreover, irrespective of how much Resha had tried to convince him otherwise, Raaha protected Virala every time Resha tried to kill the latter.

He ensured the Mystic Paths were alive while working on gradually putting them under his control. The fact that such an individual acted without hesitation to target Virala with one word from Gannala came as a surprise.

'There should be a reason the Mammoth Elder is behaving like a chirpy kid towards Gannala.' Raaha thought, curious of the reason why a proud Mammoth Elder who didn't even care about the Mammoth Clan Chief's opinions acted like an excited child reuniting with his mother after years of separation.

"Dad, this feels weird." Gannala stared at Inala helplessly upon seeing the Mammoth Elder crying profusely upon hugging her thigh.

"Do you have any opinions regarding Virala?" Raaha stared at the Mammoth Elder and asked.

"You're the Chief, not me." The Mammoth Elder snapped in response, "Do whatever you want."

"Fine," He said and condensed a stream of water that acted as a bridge between the 1st Empyrean Tusk and the 42nd Empyrean Tusk. As the quartet of Inala, the middle-aged woman, Raaha, and the Mammoth Elder landed on it, the stream carried them to the 42nd Empyrean Tusk.

The moment they approached it, Gannala controlled the middle-aged woman's body to land on the 42nd Empyrean Tusk's back and activated Inhibition Dome alongside Weaponisation.

She aimed her stream of Prana at the 42nd Empyrean Tusk's heart, soon enveloping it with the effects of Inhibition Dome. It allowed her to suppress Virala who wanted to retaliate by controlling the blood in the 42nd Empyrean Tusk's heart.

Thanks to the Inhibition Dome, he was unable to influence the blood in his surroundings. This body of Virala had two Silver Nature Weapons of Leech equipped in his Primary and Tertiary Nature slots.

As a result, once the effects of Inhibition Dome enveloped the 42nd Empyrean Tusk's heart, these two abilities were rendered useless. That left Virala only with the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation to contend with.

But against Gannala who was armed with all his information, not to mention that he was considered part of her immune System, the moment the effects of the two Natures of Weaponisation slammed into each other, Gannala reigned victorious.

"Come out!" She roared and pulled out an orb from the 42nd Empyrean Tusk, actively suppressing it to prevent Virala from taking on his Empyrean Tusk form. She seeped her influence into the orb, and under the shocked gazes of Raaha and the Mammoth Elder, pulled out the two Nature Weapons of Leech, "Dad, catch them."

"Okay," Inala caught the two Nature Weapons and watched as Gannala succeeded in fully suppressing Virala. Due to the effects of Inhibition Dome, Virala was unable to retaliate. He was lost in all fields of information, abilities, and sheer power.

"Nature Weapon!" The Mammoth Elder explained in reverie. He then stared at Virala's Nature Weapon form, "What do you plan to do with him?"

"Even if they come to know his actions, all Empyrean Tusks will be in favour of releasing him, since he's a Mystic Path holder." He spoke.

"I'll decide it later." Gannala then stared at Raaha, "Chief, can you take me to Blola?"

"There's something I need to figure out first." As she already had Blola's data, Gannala had access to all the information about the seven Mystic Paths until the moment when Inala killed Blola at the Brimgan Empire.

And now, upon touching his body at the Mammoth Clan, she will be able to update her knowledge and understand what Virala was planning at the Brimgan Empire. She'll make her choice accordingly.

The day Gannala gained the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation is when she became unstoppable in the art of information warfare.



Chapter 484 Don’t Kill Him, Chief

?Returning to the 1st Empyrean Tusk, under Raaha's guidance, Gannala approached the house dangling from the rear of the Empyrean Tusk's tusk.

"Once he reached the 2-Life Stage, I sent a body of his to the Brimgan Empire for plans to acquire the Attribute," Raaha explained as he brought Gannala to the house, acting as a subordinate trying to look good before his boss.

The reason was extremely simple. Once Gannala matures, she'll become the 1st Empyrean Tusk. That would mean a transfer of ownership of the Mammoth Treasury. Once Raaha dies, someone part of Gannala's Settlement would be chosen as the next Chief and made to inherit the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power.

It wasn't just that. Gannala was able to reach the 10-Life Stage. And when she reaches such a level, she'll easily be stronger than Raaha, becoming the strongest powerhouse produced by the Mammoth Clan.

As the Supreme Tusk's successor, she was born different. Raaha compared her with Harrala, another Empyrean Tusk who had inherited a Mystic Path—from Yennda. To date, she hadn't displayed anything different from an Empyrean Tusk, growing normally. That was more than enough to understand that Gannala was built different.

Though Gannala wasn't a Supreme Tusk, there was a possibility of her becoming one as she matures through the Mystic Path that she had inherited from Inala.

Or rather, Raaha had swiftly analysed the information at his disposal and figured out that since Inala managed to make Gannala obtain such strength when he was batshit weak, the extent to which he would support her after becoming a powerhouse would be on a whole other level.

Under Inala's constant nurturing, Gannala will continue to grow without limits and become an overpowered existence. As long as Inala didn't die prematurely, that much was assured. And as long as Blola was alive, it was impossible for Inala to be dead.

Considering how the Mammoth Elder treated Gannala no different from how he would treat the Mammoth Ancestor, Raaha understood her value to the Mammoth Clan and decided to show her unrivalled support.

It was why he had made the choice to assist her in whatever she needed.

"Shit…" As the door to the house opened, Blola stared at the quartet, his eyes widening upon seeing Inala as he realised that something had happened. His eyes automatically shot to the middle-aged woman who approached him, emanating a subtle presence.

Protect!

A mysterious impulse flooded his being as Blola was unable to retaliate, watching as the effect grew worse once the middle-aged woman touched him, "Gannala?"

"Yup," Gannala smiled happily upon seeing Blola's expression grow gloomy in response, thinking, 'Okay, now that I've put Blola under my influence, he's no longer a threat in this race towards Attribute.'

As she comprehended her Mystic Path, Gannala knew that all seven Mystic Paths would somehow find themselves in the centre of a Major Disaster, whether consciously or unconsciously. And as they were all considered part of her immune system, as long as Gannala manages to touch them, she'll be able to influence them and increase Inala's chances in the race.

Roar!

A loud, shrilled screech resounded from Blola's mindspace as the Transcendent Eater targeted her, unwilling to be placed under her influence. The attack was too strong and destroyed her influence.

Cough!

Gannala coughed out blood, hurriedly raising her hand to shout in alarm, "I'm fine, Dad!"

"Really?" Inala asked, his tone cold as he had grabbed Blola's neck from the back, applying pressure.

'His response was unnaturally fast.' Raaha frowned, having observed Inala's actions, 'The moment Gannala coughed out blood, he reacted spontaneously. This isn't a speed of reaction possible for someone at the peak of the Body Stage, even if he possessed Internal Inertial Gravity.'

'He wasn't thinking!' Raaha thought in realisation, 'It's like he has prepared for such a situation through experience, capable of taking action by instinct.'

Raaha was right on the money. Using the plethora of data at his disposal, Inala refined them and made them his own, making preparations in such a way that a response to any situation would already be in his database, coded into his instincts.

This way, no matter the situation, Inala would be able to react to it promptly, making a counter with the perfect Skill or Prime Skill without having to think. His path of strength was one of versatility. And he was becoming as versatile as possible.

Mystic Bone Art, Internal Inertial Gravity, Royalty, Spatial Immune System, and Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis; Inala used them in combinations to create responses for more than a thousand situations. The number continued to increase as the days spanned past.

At his current speed of development, Inala would be versatile enough to face the Boar King at the Fourth Maor Disaster. The only problem was the influences, which would tear down his mind. It was why he was so desperate to evolve, so that the resultant Natures and abilities he obtained were those that had an affinity to his character and natural state of being.

This way, the resultant influence would only strengthen his being, since both were similar. It was the primary reason for Inala going through such efforts. Otherwise, his current build was more than enough for the endgame. Add his female form's power and he became stupidly powerful.

"Yeah," Gannala nodded in a hurry, explaining upon seeing Blola cough once Inala let go of his hold, "The Transcendent Eater in him attacked me since my influence would reinforce Blola. Once that happens, he'll have a greater advantage in their mental battle."

"But anyway," Gannala's tone turned cold as she stared at Raaha, "We have a situation, Chief."

She pointed at Virala's Nature Weapon form in her hand, "If this gets destroyed, we'll no longer be able to control Virala."

"I can no longer sense his data in the Transcendent Eater." She spoke.

"What?" Blola shouted in a fluster, "What do you mean you can't sense him?"

"Can you revive Virala?" Gannala asked, noticing Blola's expression turn strange in response, "It seems recent, so I don't blame you for not noticing it."

"No, he already told me that he was unable to revive Virala for some reason," Raaha said, catching a Bone Slip that Gannala threw to him. In it existed the scenes of Virala and Blola joining hands during the Fifth Minor Crisis, revealing everything they had plotted.

As Raaha comprehended the information, the region within the house gradually transformed into lava as a result of his seething fury, causing everyone to defend themselves in a hurry.

"Raaha! Control yourself!" The Mammoth Elder shouted in a fluster as Gannala erected a layer of wall to protect him, since he was only at the Spirit Stage.

"You've fooled me well, Blola." The lava in the surroundings vanished as Raaha regained his composure. He stared at Blola to reveal a smile, "You guys have treated me as a retard all along, huh?"

"Hahaha!" He laughed uncontrollably, "I failed to find any evidence even after having my suspicions. But it seems I was right all along. We…lost an Empyrean Tusk for absolutely no reason. That…had never happened after I became the Chief many centuries ago."

"C-Chief, I can explain…" Blola spoke in a fluster when he felt his throat become parched, noticing his body shrivelling up in response as all moisture content began to evaporate.

[Don't kill him, Chief!]

Gannala said, her tone powerful, using the voice of an Empyrean Tusk. In response, all the Empyrean Tusks too heard her voice and bombarded Raaha with protests.

[Don't kill him, Chief! He's a necessity for our recovery!]

"Technically, all Blola did was send a body to escape." Gannala sighed in relief once Raaha retracted his Prana, "He's not capable enough to harm the Mammoth Clan's interests. What we need to focus on is Virala."

"He's broken out of my control." Gannala pointed at the orb in her possession, "If this ever gets destroyed, I'll have no way to keep Virala in check."



Chapter 485 You’re Impressive, Inala

﻿﻿Using Blola's data in her mind as a weapon, Gannala accessed the memories of the Blola before her through physical contact, entering his mindspace to target the Transcendent Eater. Through it, she focused on Virala, trying to understand the latter's status.

Since the Virala at the Brimgan Empire had broken free of Renduldu's arrangements, it was impossible to determine his status. As long as the Mammoth Clansman Virala dies, the Mystic Path—Virala—would be completely free of the Mammoth Clan's influence.

They had no way to determine what he could do. Since he was still a Mystic Path, he was bound to be present in all Major Disasters. But now, as he was no longer a Mammoth Clansman, there was a possibility he could form his own faction or worse, join the Boar King's side.

To break free from the Mammoth Clan's influence, Virala must have stopped being a Mammoth Clansman. Before that, he had the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation. He was born with the Fragment Disease. It was impossible for someone to be more of a Mammoth Clansman than Virala.

Even an Empyrean Tusk was slightly inferior to him in being a Mammoth Clansman. And when such an individual managed to escape his state as a Mammoth Clansman, it meant his evolution was absurdly dangerous.

Something that Gannala never thought was possible had now been showcased by Virala. As a result, not only was she alarmed, but also absurdly pissed. Once a part of her immune system, always a part of her immune system.

This was her nature as an Empyrean Tusk. She absolutely hated that status quo being changed.

It was why Inala hid all the details regarding his plan to become a Zinger from her. No matter how much she respected him, Gannala would instantly turn against his wishes and do everything in her power to stop him.

Considering how she had been growing by reading his mind, Gannala's thought processes were pretty similar to Inala's. Not only was she his daughter, but she grew by absorbing all his memories. So, if Gannala wanted to stop him, she had hundreds of means to do so.

It was why Inala was careful.

"The actual risk is Virala, since I can no longer control his other body that is most probably hiding in the Brimgan Empire." Gannala said, offering her conjecture, "Either he has been taken control of by the Brimgan Empire or he voluntarily defected to them or he's actively hiding there while using them. None of the possibilities bode well for us, since the risk of information leakage is extremely high."

"Hmm…" Raaha nodded and then stared at Inala, "Are you aiming for the Attribute too?"

"Obviously," Inala nodded.

"How high is your chance of success?" Raaha asked next.

"A hundred percent." Inala said, shocking Raaha and the Mammoth Chief.

"Are you being for real?" The Mammoth Chief analysed as he continued to speak, "Accounting for the variables, irrespective of your preparations, how can you guarantee your success?"

"I can, since I'll be having your full support." Inala stared at the duo and patted Gannala, "She'll be contributing to the Mammoth Clan to the extent you'll be happy to support me."

"This is a race to obtain the Major Treasure." Raaha said, "I know that you seven Mystic Path holders are able to endure fusing with a Major Treasure. So, the Mammoth Clan has decided to support you, since as long as one of you obtains it, the Major Treasure will become ours. But the extent of support you'll receive is entirely dependent on your contribution."

"You've done exceptionally well to nurture Gannala. But that still doesn't bring your contributions to the highest among the seven." The Mammoth Chief took the chance to speak, "And to get wholehearted support from us, your contribution needs to surpass the contribution of the remaining six combined."

"That should be easy." Inala smiled as he asked, "Is Grehha still here?"

"Yes," Raaha nodded, "He hasn't departed for the Brimgan Empire yet. He said there's still work to be done here. And as he isn't interested in the Attribute, he's only making preparations to obtain a Minor Treasure present in the Attributed Region."

'It seems Resha has informed the Chief everything he needs to know about the Attributed Region.' Inala thought based on the details Raaha presented in his statements, expressing complete awareness of what would happen next.

Grehha arrived at the 1st Empyrean Tusk by riding the back of a Mammoth Clansman who had transformed into a Zinger Scout. As it was the weakest of the Zinger kind, it had the smallest body and was the easiest to build to the peak of the Body Stage.

Many with the power of a zinger had similarly reached the peak of the Body Stage, making resource, personnel, and information exchange between the various Settlements easier.

"Chief, I have arrived…" Grehha bowed upon arriving at the scene, noticing that he was drawn towards the middle-aged woman standing next to Raaha. A few seconds of confusion later, he shouted in excitement, "Gannala!"

His head then swerved to observe an individual standing beside Blola at the rear of the room, "You've finally returned, Inala. How are you?"

"Bit exhausted and beat up, but other than that, I'm fine." Inala was content upon seeing Grehha. To a certain extent, he considered Grehha and Orakha his friends, since the overall mindset of the three were in similar wavelengths—

constructively greedy.

"I need your help to store some eggs." Inala then asked, "Do you have enough Prana? You'll have to make many Empyrean Incubators."

"How many are we talking?" Grehha asked.

"Around twenty thousand," Inala said, smiling wryly upon observing the stupefied faces of Raaha and the Mammoth Elder.

After a moment's shock, Grehha laughed, "Right! You became a Zinger Queen! So, how strong are the eggs?"

"Beginner Silver Grade, all of them." Inala laughed in response, "Whether they be a Scout, Captain, Commander, or King, their strength would vary in the Beginner Silver Grade range."

"Sweet!" Grehha roared in laughter and began to gather his Prana.

"There's also 105 eggs that can birth an Empyrean Zinger Queen." Inala said, "One per each Settlement. This way, we'll have an army of Empyrean Zingers protecting the herd belonging to each Settlement."

"I was waiting for you to say that." Grehha said in relief, "My Bone Vipers will offer internal defence while your Zingers will provide external defence and can even scout deep into the terrain."

"But," He asked in concern, "They won't heed our commands, right?"

"They won't, but they'll have a trading relationship with the Empyrean Zinger Queen that creates eggs for their community. So, they'll be forced to move alongside the Empyrean Tusk where their Queen stays." Inala said, "They won't be an integral part of the Mammoth Clan, but we'll be sharing similar interests."

"Then, can I make some modifications to them?" Grehha asked, "I'll be able to make them treat the Mammoth Clan as allies."

"Go ahead." Inala said and opened his mouth, spitting out a Prana Bomb that shattered to reveal the Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen, "All those eggs were created by her. She's part of my immune system, similar to how Mammoth Clansmen are to the Empyrean Tusks."

He then pointed at Gannala, "You can start by modifying the egg that will be inherited by a Clansman part of her immune system. This way, you'll succeed. And once it works, just copy it to other eggs."

"Man, I didn't explain my power to you, but you're able to make a damn accurate prediction." Grehha sighed, smiling in response, "You're impressive, Inala."

"Hahaha! Am I?" Inala laughed casually and then stared at Raaha, "I still have more to bring out, Chief."

"Please don't be too shocked by what you're about to see next."



Chapter 486 Madman King—Inala

﻿﻿Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip, Mind Slip!

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry, Spirit Reinforcement, Toxin Refinement, Elixir Condensation, Prana Blood, Spy Bone, Prana Claw, Life Claw, Prana Hand, Life Hand, Mystic Mist Elixir!

Data—Zinger, Shock Lizard, Rockatrice, etc.

Map—A fully detailed map from the Dieng Canyon to the Brimgan Empire!

Cultivation Techniques—Iron Kinesis Art, Gold Kinesis Art, Mystic Mist Art, etc.

Inala brought out a pile of Bone Slips, shocking everyone except Gannala to the extent they were unable to speak for a good couple of hours. Even Raaha, this individual termed the second strongest powerhouse in Sumatra stared at Inala as if he was a monster.

The Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip allowed Mammoth Clansmen to communicate with their respective Empyrean Tusks, with most of the mental load borne by the latter. This would be useful in situations Raaha was dead and there wasn't anyone left to communicate with the Empyrean Tusks.

The Prime Skill of Mind Slip was perfect for the Mammoth Elders, allowing them to safely access the Mammoth Slip with lower mental strain than before. This will allow them to work harder and with greater efficiency towards the betterment of the Mammoth Clan.

Inala avoided giving them the Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip, for that was the core of his accumulation. Only Gannala knew it other than him. Even Asaeya didn't have it. In case he wanted her to use it, Inala only gave her the information in such a manner that all data related to it would disappear from her mindspace after she used it once.

Even his Empyrean Zingers received a one-off use of Empyrean Slip Prime Skill, as it was too dangerous to be leaked out. Except for stuff like Empyrean Slip which was too precious and formed the core of his power, Inala gave out everything else.

After all, the lot of them would be rendered useless once he evolves. He would have to create a new batch of Skills and Prime Skills post-evolution. Hence, it was better to strengthen the Mammoth Clan, for with what he gave them, they'll have a significantly greater chance of surviving the Third and Fourth Major Disasters.

Other than the listed Skills, Inala also gave out hundreds of Skills, all of which were used through different cultivation techniques. Since he obtained them anyway, he gave them away. There were also miscellaneous Skills that he created using Mystic Skill Creator. Inala included those too in the pile.

Up next was the data that he had collected from Pranic Beasts. The data he had given belonged to Pranic Beasts that Mammoth Clansmen typically fused with. As a result, armed with this data, they'll spend less time figuring out the body of their Pranic Beast and instead could spend more time building their bodies.

This would accelerate their growth rate, allowing the Mammoth Clan to grow stronger at a faster pace. Inala had only given data for the Pranic Beasts used by the Mammoth Clan and a few races he felt would be useful for them. He didn't go overboard with it, since that was unnecessary.

He would have to hunt them too, and Inala had no intention of wasting time searching for the data of Pranic Beasts that would in no way serve to strengthen him.

Using the data from Pranic Beasts living in various regions, Inala compiled a detailed map that contained information from the terrain, data on climate variations for at least a century or more, the culture of the Pranic Beasts, their language, and their geopolitical relations with neighbours.

It contained a level of information that casually surpassed the map in the Mammoth Clan's possession. At least twenty percent of the region encompassed by the Mammoth Clan's hundred-year path had been detailed in this map.

Inala had only gathered data from regions he had ventured into. As he was running short on time, he didn't bother travelling farther away. Even the map he had created at present was ground-breaking.

His goal was only to get the Mammoth Clan's unanimous support to gain ownership of the Attribute. Hence, he only made the bare minimum contribution necessary for his objective. He was unsure how their relationship would change once he became a Zinger. And hence, Inala didn't risk it.

Finally, the last batch of Bone Slips contained cultivation techniques that he had gathered. The best of the batch was the Mystic Mist Art. That alone caused the Mammoth Elder to tremble in excitement, for it was the only other Mystic Grade cultivation technique on Sumatra Continent.

The Mammoth Elders would be able to research it and improve Mystic Bone Art further. Adding onto it was the Brimgan Empire's Gold Kinesis Art, a legacy Gold Grade cultivation technique that predated both the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan.

Even though it wasn't a Mystic Grade cultivation technique, it could be termed the most developed cultivation technique. It had so many Skills and Prime Skills that even Brandal Brimgan managed to learn only a small portion of them.

If anyone had the mental capacity to learn all the Skills and Prime Skills associated with Gold Kinesis Art, they'd easily be the most versatile cultivator on Sumatra. Inala only managed to get his hands on a few Skills related to Gold Kinesis Art, unfortunately.

Unless he barges into their core library, it was impossible to gain any more since all the Royals only learnt a few common Skills. The popular Skills used by the Royals changed every generation, depending on the circumstances of the respective generation.

The miscellaneous cultivation techniques known by Fhoong Brimgan and the ones Inala created through Mystic Mist Art were on the list. He put in all cultivation techniques except for the ones used by his Quip Tribe and Maroppa's Ropper Tribe.

"What in the goddamn world did you do to accumulate such an incomprehensible level of wealth?" The Mammoth Elder felt his head spin as he stared at the sheer volume of Bone Slips among the pile before him.

"I was busy." Inala expressed his exhaustion, "But this isn't the end."

"This isn't?" Raaha lost his composure and trembled, part fear, part excitement, and mostly disbelief. He lost touch with reality, 'He accumulated all these in a mere two decades. In comparison, what the fuck have we been doing for so many centuries?'

He exchanged glances with the Mammoth Elder, realising the latter too had the same thoughts. They had no other choice but to rewrite their opinion of Inala.

Inala was an unhinged monster!

"Help me, Grehha." Saying so, Inala stared at Gannala who took out an Enrino from her stomach biome that was in the process of laying eggs. There was a small population of them in her biome, which was why her rashes worsened, since she was trying her best to not squish them by mistake.

Grehha immediately enveloped the Enrino eggs in an Empyrean Incubator each. This way, they won't hatch, no matter how long time passes. As long as Prana was supplied into the Empyrean Incubator by the Empyrean Tusks from time to time, they'll be maintained forever.

Though Grehha did what was asked of him, he was unable to understand where Inala was going ahead with this, since though an Enrino's power was good, there weren't enough eggs to make a difference in the grand scale of things, especially for the Mammoth Clan.

But then, his face froze up in shock as he recognised a certain creature that Gannala had taken out of her stomach biome. And then, he roared in terror, "You…madman!"

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Boutique Lizard!



Chapter 487 The Mammoth Clan Expresses Support

﻿﻿When Inala had gone to the Sanrey Plains to collect his Quip Tribe, he visited the Guardian Tribe and struck a deal with the Boutique Lizard there…by force.

He allowed the Boutique Lizard to leave behind an offspring to continue taking care of the Guardian Time and fight for a chance at evolution. Once the offspring took charge, Inala kidnapped the Boutique Lizard.

Gannala equipped herself onto its Nature slot and began to influence it, turning it into another body that she could use when necessary. The reason for kidnapping it was extremely simple.

Primary Nature—Pranic Beast Registry!

The Boutique Lizard was capable of laying the eggs of any Iron Grade Pranic Beast. There was a restriction in that it was limited to only one race. The Boutique Lizard had already formed a registry on Slump Lizards. Hence, it couldn't be changed.

Technically, the registry could be changed to another Pranic Beast, but it would not only take too much time, but also weaken the Boutique Lizard, hindering its egg-laying capabilities. The efficiency was the highest if it stuck to one registry for life.

By taking it with him, Inala wanted it to lay eggs that would later hatch into Boutique Lizards. He already had all the data regarding the Boutique Lizard—gathered from its offspring when he upgraded the Guardian Tribe. Therefore, it was extremely easy to develop this.

After a Mammoth Clansman fuses with a Boutique Lizard egg, they'll use Pranic Beast Registry on an Enrino egg, thereby able to lay Enrino eggs en masse. This could be used by Mammoth Clansman with limited talent to create Satellites that protect the Empyrean Tusks.

This would serve as a third layer of defence for the Empyrean Tusks. Even though Satellites were only products of Iron Grade Natures, as long as enough of them were to gather, they'd manage to protect even an Empyrean Tusk.

Besides, with the way a Satellite forms, a Mammoth Clansman could naturally use his bones to form one. This meant that the Satellites could be camouflaged across the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton.

They can also be imbued with the Mammoth Clansman's will to react to the Empyrean Tusk's battle state. This way, once the Empyrean Tusk enters its battle state, the Satellites would take flight and revolve around the Empyrean Tusk in a defensive formation.

Enough of them could combine to block a single blow from the Boar King. As long as they manage to do that, the Empyrean Tusk would gain enough time to unleash its attack. In the high-speed battles that would be waged once the Boar King faced the Empyrean Tusks, these Satellites could very well create an opportunity to defend against and counter the Boar King.

Unfortunately, Pranic Beast Registry only worked on Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Otherwise, Inala would have targeted the Enrans instead. Anyway, the Mammoth Clan was on its way to the Brimgan Empire.

They'll pass by the forest occupied by the Enrinos and Enrans. Since Inala gave them all the data regarding the two Pranic Beasts, the Mammoth Clan could form a solid attack plan to harvest as many Enran eggs as possible.

Through them, they could protect themselves better. Since the Boar King's rate of attacks on the Mammoth Clan had increased, Raaha was forced to make changes and consider upgrading their strength.

As a result, he was gradually elevating the strength of Mammoth Clansmen, bringing more of them into Silver Grade. But it would take time before a significant portion of their populace was at the Silver Grade. The problem was the spike in resources necessary for it, which was hard to handle.

Thankfully, they had a variety of powers to rely upon for that. Blola was a generator of Parute Fruits. And the stronger he gets, the larger the quantity of Parute Fruits he could supply to the Mammoth Clan.

Once he reached the 2-Life Stage, the Empyrean Tusk herd was able to recover a bit faster. When Inala killed Blola, the body of Blola at the Mammoth Clan eventually noticed that he was able to condense a second body now.

When he was checking, Raaha detected his actions. As a result, Blola could no longer hide it and instead had to reveal that he could reach the 2-Life Stage. Because of it, Raaha was able to take advantage of the power of two Transcendent Eaters to recover the strength of the Empyrean Tusks.

Resha was able to control and convert bones of all forms into a product similar to the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk. This product could be used to build their bodies at the Body Stage. His power alleviated their need for the tusk bone powder.

After all, the Bone Vipers were able to produce bones, as much as their Prana could handle. This was collected and then given to Resha, who then transformed them into tusk bone powder. Resha used the chance to contribute to the Mammoth Clan further.

He also hunted Grade Pranic Beasts in large numbers to feed the Bone Vipers, singlehandedly able to hunt as much as a Settlement.

The Mammoth Clan left large traces through the regions they tread, consuming a voracious amount of resources, both organic and inorganic. Oftentimes, the impact was so strong that even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts located far away were affected.

When this happened, they targeted the Mammoth Clan. The fastest way to handle this situation was to throw Yennda into the mouth of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast. In a matter of seconds, warts would erupt on its body, leaking out pus as its flesh and blood became infected.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast had a powerful vitality to recover from it, but it needed to rest for some time. Hence, it would retreat, preventing the Mammoth Clan from vesting valuable time and energy to deal with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Reviving Yennda was very easy, as long as Blola took root in the ground. Raaha threw Yennda at all their problems, solving them with this cost-effective tool.

With the addition to the power brought by Inala, the Mammoth Clan would be able to develop faster, allowing the Empyrean Tusks to recover all resources necessary to operate at full function.

"Amazing, right?" Inala stared at Raaha and the Mammoth Elder, "Are my contributions enough?"

"Oh, also…" Inala continued speaking as he presented a Bone Slip to Raaha, "It contains all my thoughts and opinions regarding the Boar King, his family, and future plans. That's not all. I've also laid traps across the region for the Boar King. That will hold him back long enough for us to leave once I get the Attribute."

Once Grehha finished storing all the Empyrean Zinger eggs in Empyrean Incubators, Inala began to take out Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms, "They're part of my immune system, so you needn't worry about them. They'll remain obedient to Gannala too."

"I should store them too?" Grehha asked and took action upon seeing Inala nod.

"They have Internal Inertial Gravity as their Secondary Nature," Inala said, laughing upon seeing the gaze of absurdity displayed by Raaha as he made an Empyrean Zinger Scout display the effects.

Of the thousand two hundred remaining in his stomach biome, Inala brought out a thousand of them and watched Grehha store them all. He then nodded at Gannala.

She'll research alongside Grehha to extract or remove their Primary Nature. This way, only their Secondary Nature would remain, allowing Gannala to turn them into Nature Weapons—

that contain the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

It didn't matter how long that took. As long as they succeed, they'll gain a thousand Nature Weapons with Internal Inertial Gravity. This will become the Mammoth Clan's trump card.

Besides, once it works, they could also extract Subtle Terrain Domination from the Empyrean Zingers that Amita could create. Once they reach the Brimgan Empire, Gannala will stealthily gather thousands of Life Bombs created by her.

Inala didn't reveal that part, but since Gannala knew it, she will be taking action accordingly. "So, what do you say?"

He stared at the Mammoth Clan Chief, smiling upon seeing the latter sigh before giving his word to unanimously support Inala in this Attribute race. 'Now, the Mammoth Clan will be working to support me.'



Chapter 488 My Deity!!!

﻿﻿Gannala approached Yennda, ignoring the latter's unwillingness as she touched him and began to seep her influence into his body. There were too many people around her, supporting her. As a result, Yennda was unable to either resist or make excuses.

He watched as he was accepted as part of Gannala's immune system, causing his Mammoth Clansman's characteristics to flare up in response. To date, without the influence of his Empyrean Tusk, Yennda had remained his own person, despite the troubles he had encountered.

But that all changed once Gannala touched him. 'Is this how things are going to be?'

He sighed despondently but was stunned to see Gannala lean forward and whisper in his ears, "I won't restrict you in the slightest. If you're capable enough, you'll receive my support, similar to how my predecessor supported all seven."

"If you're capable, that is." She smiled and backed away, "Once I resume action as an Empyrean Tusk, I'll become impartial thanks to my omniscient perspective."

"I understand," Yennda nodded and bowed slightly, "I don't want to admit it, but I'm honestly glad you've returned."

"Alright, I won't interfere with your work. Keep working hard." Gannala turned around and exited the room, commenting once she was far enough away from Yennda's earshot, addressing Inala and Raaha, "He has interesting plans too. He lacks confidence in himself and suffers from a serious case of inferiority complex. But other than that, it's just a matter of time before he begins to reveal his schemes."

"Do I start treating him differently?" Raaha asked, intending to take notes. After all, as Gannala had gone through Yennda's memories, she would have a perfect idea of his character, thoughts, and plans.

"That's not necessary for the time being." Gannala said, "He has a lot of thoughts, but he doesn't have the necessary mindset to act upon them. Currently, his focus is on building his character. Once he does that, his plans might change entirely. We'll have to wait until that moment. Besides,"

She stared at the Empyrean Tusk herd, "Whatever he does will end up becoming fuel for Harrala's growth."

Currently, Harrala had no special characteristics. She had already assumed Empyrean Tusk form and taken up the spot as the 105th Empyrean Tusk—with Gannala being recognised as the 104th for the time being.

Her rank will change once she matures. But to date, she had expressed nothing different that sets her apart from other Empyrean Tusks. She was pretty much average in that regard, whether she was in human form or after becoming an Empyrean Tusk.

The reason was Yennda's negligence towards her. After she had been birthed, not once did he approach Harrala or even intend to communicate with her. He remained an elusive dad until the end.

And since Harrala's mother, Yuza died at her birth, she had no parental figure to support her emotionally during her human years. As an Empyrean Tusk, she was naturally able to read the memories of every one part of her Settlement.

As a result, even though Zahaella took on the role of a mother in nurturing her, Harrala knew by reading her memories that she wasn't her mother. And she witnessed the sight of everyone abandoning Yuza the instant she birthed Harrala.

Unlike in Gannala's case where Inala heavily nurtured her from day one, allowing her to experience a variety of things and develop both physically and mentally, Yuza remained sheltered in her house that was part of a caravan, with Yennda doing nothing for her.

A few years down the line, when she had developed enough, Yahard Tusk requested her to assume her role as their Settlement's Deity, which she did without hesitation, since she didn't have much to look forward to in her life as a Mammoth Clansman.

"Dad, do you mind talking to Yennda about it?" Gannala asked Inala upon seeing a tiny Empyrean Tusk at the rear end of the herd, "Harrala is very pitiful."

"Does he have any thoughts in regards to nurturing Harrala?" Inala asked her in response.

"Yes, he does, very much so in fact. But," Gannala sighed, "He fears that she'll abandon him just like his family on Earth. As a result, he doesn't dare approach Harrala. He's not even part of her immune system. But despite knowing that she cannot read his mind, he refrains from heading anywhere close to her."

"I see," Inala nodded, "So that was why he asked for help from Virala."

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "Can you help him change, Dad?"

"I'll try," Inala sighed, "But not now. I can't waste time on this at the moment."

"I know," Gannala nodded.

"Besides, this is very late in the picture." Inala stared at Harrala, "She has already become a Deity. Helping Yennda become a father figure in her life was something that should have been done two decades ago."

Yennda was someone who planned to consume Harrala to gain power. So, Inala was unsure if it would ever be possible for Yennda to face her in the future.

While Inala and Gannala conversed with Raaha, Grehha, and the Mammoth Chief, Asaeya travelled from one Settlement to another and finally reached the 105th Settlement. Originally, it was the 106th Settlement, but after the Boar King killed an Empyrean Tusk, the number dropped by one.

Her heart thumped emotionally as she was finally arriving home, 'After more than nineteen years!'

She jumped onto the back of a Mammoth Clansman who had transformed into a Zinger and watched as the latter glided towards the 105th Settlement. Staring at her Deity, she became emotional, "Ahh, my Deity!"

The moment she landed on her Settlement, Asaeya kissed the floor, shedding tears in response, "Finally! Finally, I'm here!"

Kurrr-alalala!

Harrala trumped in response, obviously affected by her emotions upon reading through all of Asaeya's memories in a matter of seconds. As Harrala was still young, she was pretty vocal about her emotions.

But her trumpet wasn't merely reflecting Asaeya's emotions of longing for her home and finally managing to reunite with her Deity. Harrala noticed how Asaeya took care of Gannala, learning through her memories the extent of care Inala had given to Gannala. She became sad, knowing that her father never came to see her even once.

While Asaeya was crying, the Zinger who had brought her let out a shriek, communicating everything to the Zinger from the 105th Settlement. Information was promptly passed on to the Settlement Leader and Lady Mother.

"You're here!" Zahaella spoke in joy as she rushed to hug Asaeya, "Welcome home."

"Yes…" Asaeya's tears refused to stop as she inhaled her mother's scent, feeling her warmth after so long. "I'm back."

"You've done well to endure out there, Asaeya." Yahard Tusk embraced the mother and daughter duo, happy, "I can feel your strength."

"At the 2-Life Stage, you've already surpassed me."

"It wasn't easy." Asaeya managed to recover after some time had passed, "Living away from my Deity was especially the toughest part."

"Seems you've been through a lot." Yahard Tusk sighed and patted her, "Let's talk comfortably in our house."

"Yes," Asaeya nodded and accompanied her parents. But a few seconds later, the steps of the trio halted spontaneously, hearing the sound of a man shrilling in maddened excitement with such a loud voice it reverberated across a few Settlements.

"MY…DEITYYYYYY!" Bora Tusk slid across the ground like a serpent while in a prostrated position, expressing the zenith of his excitement while remaining the most humble and respectful as possible. His body formed a shallow trench on the ground, raising a small dust cloud as he slid to a stop and perfectly touched Gannala's feet with his head.



Chapter 489 Can You Accept Us?

﻿﻿"Ahhhh!" Bora Tusk was unable to control his emotions, relieved upon seeing Gannala perfectly healthy and bursting with a level of power he hadn't felt from other empyrean Tusks.

The day he came to find that his Deity was aging was the worst day in his life. After that, he did everything in his power to find a path to the future. One of them was the formation of the raid team consisting of the parents of the seven Mystic Paths. They were tasked with finding a baby Empyrean Tusk and bringing it back.

It was what he had done to protect his Settlement, based on the information he had. But after the merger, he came to know that his actions resulted in a baby Empyrean Tusk getting kidnapped from the other Mammoth Clan.

And this baby Empyrean Tusk was caught vulnerable in the wilds by the Boar King and devoured by him. The culprit that had created such a scenario was none other than Bora Tusk.

If he hadn't put forth a team to steal an Empyrean Tusk baby, this would have never happened. Being directly responsible for the death of a Deity gave him sleepless nights. It worsened his madness.

Even after Raaha came to know the truth that the culprit responsible for killing the baby Empyrean Tusk was Blola and not the Boar King, he retained the information to himself. As a result, the Mammoth Clan associated with the group of 62 Empyrean Tusks still placed the blame on Boar Tusk, making his life difficult with every chance they got.

Even though Bora Tusk wasn't the type to be bothered with some setback, the fact that his Settlement didn't have a Deity didn't sit well with him. Originally, he was at the 7-Life Stage. But during the First Major Disaster, he was killed twice by the Boar King.

In the nineteen years following that, he managed to enter the 6-Life Stage. And probably another two to three decades later, would enter the 7-Life Stage. After the merger, following the completion of the inheritances of all Empyrean Tusks part of the smaller herd, the Chiefs of each were able to reach higher levels of the Life Stage.

Bora Tusk had the confidence in reaching the 8-Life Stage by the end of his lifespan, which was a high enough level of power. The problems he faced, the criticism he endured, and the worries he embraced didn't matter. After all, their Deity was back.

"Can you take on your glorious Deity form?" Bora Tusk asked immediately after he stopped shedding tears of joy.

"Sure," Gannala leaped back far away and assumed her Empyrean Tusk form, becoming a Pranic Beast that reached a height of five hundred metres. It would still take time for her to reach maturity, but in terms of direct comparison, her development was more robust as compared to Harrala.

Harrala only reached a height of three hundred metres at the age of nineteen, appearing short before Gannala who seemed like she'll become the biggest Empyrean Tusk of Sumatra Continent upon reaching maturity.

Well, she had the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, a Nature that was perfect and natural for Mammoth Clansmen. Therefore, its influence alone contributed to her growth, continuing to strengthen her genetics to become a tad superior to other Empyrean Tusks.

Though she couldn't become the Supreme Tusk, she was easily the second greatest evolved Empyrean Tusk, trailing only behind the Supreme Tusk Gannala.

Seeing Gannala's Empyrean Tusk form caused everyone belonging to the 104th Settlement to shed tears of absolute joy. They prostrated on the ground before jumping onto Gannala's legs, latching onto the grooves trailing across her exoskeleton.

They uniformly exclaimed in absolute bliss, feeling all the stress and madness they had accumulated for the past nineteen years wash away like it was merely a bad nightmare.

Bora Tusk raced through the grooves and leapt into the sky upon reaching the top, "Yoohoo!"

He was jubilant, feeling uncontrollable excitement as he scurried across the place, "Amazing! Amazing! Hahahaha! Amazing! Amazing!"

He checked every single house that had formed on Gannala's exoskeleton, exclaiming every single time. The design was an exact replica of the original 44th Settlement, since Gannala had formed it based on the memories from her inheritance.

But even though it was the same, nostalgic area, Bora Tusk behaved like he was seeing them for the first time, like a child coming across candy in his life. "Amazing! Amazing! Amazing!"

His fanaticism caught onto his people as they too explored the place in fervour. Having been away from their Deity for more than nineteen years, having to live on the blasted ground was akin to hell. And now, having endured for so long without giving up hope, they entered heaven.

"This is it! This is life!" Bora Tusk roared upon arriving at the Settlement Leader's home. He stared up at the massive Empyrean Tusks nearby whose upper bodies were hidden amidst clouds, "In a few decades, we too will reach the clouds, once again!"

"Glory is ours!"

"Glory to our Deity!" He roared next, rallying his people to echo his heightened emotions.

"Glory to our Deity!" The Mammoth Clan part of the 105th Settlement had gathered before him to roar in response.

"Glory to our Deity!" Bora Tusk seemed unwilling to stop the slogan anytime soon, using Prana to heal his throat as he continued to roar. Whether it was him or the Mammoth Clan in the 105th Settlement, the excitement only increased as they roared, their uniform voice reverberating far and wide, causing the Mammoth Clansmen from other Settlements to stare their way.

Their gazes were warm, of relief, as finally, the Mammoth Clan was whole. The blasted caravan used by the 105th Settlement could be rid of now, a disgrace of the Mammoth Clan. Everyone was happy as the edition of every Empyrean Tusk was a joyous cause for festivities.

The sole unhappy group belonged to the Settlement whose Deity was killed the latest by the Boar King. Their gazes were dark, carrying with it hopelessness, with many among them committing suicide over the years.

Even the Settlements lead by Yahard Tusk and Bora Tusk held on desperately only because their hope wasn't lost. For the Settlement that Yahard Tusk belonged to, they already had Harrala and only had to wait for her to grow enough to take on her role as their Deity.

For the Settlement that Bora Tusk belonged to, everyone knew that Gannala was alive. And as the Mammoth Clan Chief confirmed repeatedly that she was alive, they expectantly awaited her return. This hope was what allowed them to endure a horrible life.

But the despairing group were in such a state because the Boar King had killed their Deity. There was no successor. It meant they had no future. It was unknown when another Deity would be born, since no Empyrean Tusk currently had the means to birth people with the Fragment Disease, as they were extremely low on resources.

Even the ones naturally born with the Fragment Disease were only males. There currently wasn't a female with the Fragment Disease in the Mammoth Clan. As a result, the despairing group continued to despair, with many choosing to commit suicide in response.

Even now, when the entirety of the Mammoth Clan was happy, they couldn't. At the lead of the group was its Settlement Leader, Nahak Tusk, his gaze lifeless, living the days with no resolve. He stared at everyone's happiness with a detached gaze.

But slowly, a shadow loomed over him as he turned around to notice the Empyrean Tusk form of Gannala stare at him. He made eye contact with her, continuing to gaze for a couple of minutes as gradually, light returned to his eyes as hope bloomed, "Is it…possible?"

He could feel what the gaze meant, in disbelief at the start before realising that the one before him was a Deity. Tears streamed out of his eyes as he asked, barely gathering the strength to utter, "Is it…possible?"

"Can you accept us?"



Chapter 490 Gannala: Strategic Asset

﻿﻿"Can you accept us?" Nahak Tusk asked as hope budded in him, one that blossomed upon seeing the Empyrean Tusk form of Gannala nod lightly in response.

Gannala extended her trunk and touched Nahak Tusk, seeping her influence into the latter. In a matter of minutes, Nahak Tusk observed a minor change in him, following which he felt instinctively that he was part of Gannala's immune system.

An Empyrean Tusk accepting a foreign immune system as its own wasn't unprecedented. In Sumatra Chronicles, the baby Empyrean Tusk brought by Resha's parents accepted the 44th Settlement as its immune system.

But a couple of conditions had to be achieved for it. First, the immune system should have no owner. Meaning, the Empyrean Tusk served by the immune system shouldn't be alive. Second, only one immune system could be accepted.

If the Empyrean Tusk were to accept a second immune system, it would break out into a severe case of rash as both the immune systems would naturally conflict with each other, resulting in its death.

It was why Harrala wasn't able to accept them into her fold after their Empyrean Tusk died. It was because her immune system already existed. As a result, she couldn't accept a second immune system.

Gannala was of the same opinion originally. But only after seeing Nahak Tusk and his Settlement did she realise that she didn't face such a restriction.

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

Weaponisation—Dance of Annihilation!

The ultimate technique of the Mammoth Clan, capable of influencing both Mammoth Clansmen and Empyrean Tusks. Through it, Gannala comprehended that if an Empyrean Tusk were to die, she could influence its immune system and convert it into her immune system.

This way, she could accept them, since they have now become part of her immune system. As there would only be one immune system in her, she wouldn't face any repercussions of this action.

Originally, she was afraid that unleashing the Dance of Annihilation would cause resonation between Empyrean Tusks, leading to the entirety of the Mammoth Clan becoming Nature Weapons. But now, she realised that she had misunderstood it. There were other uses to it, apart from an offensive aspect.

The Dance of Annihilation, when used alongside the Nature of Weaponisation, turned the target into a Nature Weapon. This was the end result. But what did it actually do? It used Gannala's Prana to influence the target and transform them into a Nature Weapon.

As long as Gannala stops it towards the end, the target won't become a Nature Weapon. Instead, they would change due to her influence. Using this, Gannala could transform ownerless immune systems into her immune system.

Thanks to Weaponisation, all Mammoth Clansmen were naturally drawn to her. A Gold Grade Weaponisation wasn't capable of this. Only a Mystic Grade Weaponisation could perform such a function.

Even Virala wouldn't have been capable, as at the end of the day, he was a Mammoth Clansman with the power to become an Empyrean Tusk. Conversely, Gannala was an Empyrean Tusk in the truest sense.

As a result, the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation in her hands was at its strongest. And through the resonance unleashed by the Dance of Annihilation, Gannala could influence other immune systems too.

The Mammoth Clansmen from other Settlements could be influenced to the extent they will treat her as a quasi-Deity of their worship. Gannala only became excited upon concluding that there was more about Weaponisation that had yet to be explored.

This was the Mammoth Ancestor's power, and one upgraded to the Mystic Grade at that. Somehow, the Supreme Tusk Gannala's accumulations were working on condensing it all along too, a reason why she managed to gain Weaponisation at the Mystic Grade.

'There's a link between Mystic grade Weaponisation and the status of being the Supreme Tusk. As long as I explore further, I'll be able to figure it out.' Gannala immediately began to explore the possibility, thinking similarly to Inala while she accepted the ownerless immune system as her own.

"All hope isn't lost." Nahak Tusk bowed alongside the Mammoth Clansmen of his Settlement as he let go of his suffix of Tusk, as he was no longer a Settlement Leader. He became part of the 105th Settlement now, one with Bora Tusk as the Settlement Leader.

As hope lit in them, they worked on integrating themselves into the 105th Settlement. As the decades span past, they would fully become a singular whole as Gannala's immune system.

"It's all good news!" Bora Tusk cheered as he shook hands with Nahak, accepting the latter personally, welcoming the addition of another master as strong as him. This will further raise the strength of his Settlement.

His gaze shot to the side as Bora Tusk noticed a large Zinger glide towards him and revert to the appearance of Inala. A moment's surprise later, Bora Tusk grabbed Inala and threw him into the air, "You did well, boy!"

"You did well!"

"I knew I wasn't wrong about you when I noticed your desire for survival during the Mud Viper Minor Crisis." He expressed in happiness.

"Thank you for your praise, Settlement Leader." Inala smiled in response and spoke once Bora Tusk stopped throwing him high up in the air, "I bring news from Gannala."

"She wants everyone to enter her biome."

"Why?" Bora Tusk frowned, unable to understand the reason.

"Gannala has the same Tertiary Nature as the Boar King. She can switch between human and Deity forms as she wishes. And for the Mammoth Clan's upcoming mission, she intends to travel in her human form." Inala explained in detail, "So, she wants everyone to enter her biome. All her biomes are significantly developed and probably exceed other Empyrean Tusks."

"But in her human form, travel between the biomes won't be possible. So, you'll have to split our Mammoth Clan per each biome." Inala finished speaking, watching Bora Tusk think in response.

Bora Tusk noticed that the Mammoth Clansmen of other Empyrean Tusks were similarly retreating into the biomes of their Deities, leaving the Settlements vacant. "Why are they doing the same?"

"Gannala can present the power of the Nature of Cultivator to all Empyrean Tusks." Inala smirked, "The Chief has some plans regarding it."

"Alright, give me two hours." Bora Tusk said and gathered his people, segregating them into different groups. As they had yet to settle in their Settlement, the Mammoth Clan part of Gannala was still getting used to having a life in her biomes.

So, Bora Tusk needed some time to assign them all. But he was already the Settlement Leader before and was rather competent in his job, despite his madness. Two hours later, he was done with the task and approached Inala to ask, "How long do we need to stay in the biomes?"

"It won't exceed a year." Inala said, "As the Empyrean Tusks require significantly fewer resources in human forms to maintain themselves, we'll use this chance to rapidly recover resources and bring the herd to peak operating capacity."

"You're not coming?" Bora Tusk stared at Inala upon seeing the latter remain in the Settlement.

"The Chief still has work left to allot to me." Inala waved his hands, boding farewell.

"Ok, I've finished the setup." Grehha stretched in exhaustion as he exited a biome and approached Inala, "All the Bone Vipers have hatched. They'll grow and begin populating Gannala's biomes. And now that they are back on their deity, all the adults of our Settlement would be pumping out babies like a factory."

"That is true." Inala nodded as he accompanied Grehha to descend down a groove along Gannala's leg. Once they had left the settlement, Gannala reverted to her human form, smiling brightly as she patted herself, "I finally feel complete."

"Are you ready, Gannala?" Raaha approached her, in tow with Blola and Yennda. The Mammoth Elder had returned to the biome in the 1st Empyrean Tusk's brain, intending to record all the knowledge brought by Inala into the Mammoth Slip.

All the Mammoth Elders had their work cut out for them next. They promptly got to work, having no intentions to rest unless absolutely necessary.

After Gannala emptied Virala's biomes into her own, she extracted his Spirit Container and placed his powerless body under Bora Tusk's custody, commanding the latter to keep an eye on Virala and ensure he doesn't die.

With that, she was ready as Gannala nodded at Raaha, approached the First Empyrean Tusk, and entered its Secondary Nature Slot to unleash the effects of the Nature of Cultivator.

Soon, the 1st Empyrean Tusk turned into a human woman, blinking her eyes cutely as she patted her face, muttering in surprise, "The last I had this form was as a child more than a millennium ago."



