Chapter 21: Resha Vs Virala

When Instructor Mandu entered the cloud-covered region, he dashed forth to the exit silently. Following that, he waited to see how many would emerge out of the clouds, 'Resha has shown the most potential among the Death Row students. He should be able to walk out unscathed.'

His senses picked up a Prana signature close by, surprised at the time taken, 'One of them is already here? How's he so fast for a student?'

"I'm alive!" Grehha shouted as he left the cloud-covered region. He had a pair of roller skates, allowing him to skate the way forward. Moreover, the wheels of his trolley were his Spirit Weapons. He caused them to rotate, allowing the trolley to move forward like a vehicle.

And by grabbing onto the trolley, he skated forward without any trouble. 'Thankfully, I sprinted at my fastest speed the moment we entered the clouds.'

Grehha wasn't afraid of a fight, but he was afraid his preparations would be destroyed. In a hurry, he checked the contents of his trolly, sighing in relief after a few seconds, "Thankfully, they are safe."

"I never thought you would walk out first." Instructor Mandu commented upon seeing Grehha's roller skates, "That's pretty impressive."

"It must have been hard to move on them through the intense winds." He continued before noticing the Prana condensed in the trolley wheels, muttering in understanding, "I see, you used your trolley's weight to your advantage."

Since the trolley was heavy, it was less affected by the wind. Moreover, the weight increased friction between the wheels and the ground, raising traction. The spinning wheels caused it to move forward and drag Grehha. That was how he survived the winds and exited it so quickly.

"I have been thinking of ways to mitigate my weakness, instructor." Grehha laughed sheepishly at the praise.

"Good, keeping on improving like that. Your time is running short, so you need to put in more effort, alright?" Instructor Mandu said and then pointed towards the end of the trunk, "Why don't you go ahead and set up your stall? It's just a straight path downward. There's another instructor there to show you the way."

"I'm grateful for your guidance." Saying so, Grehha made his way down the trunk with a thought occupying most of his headspace, 'How many will survive?'

"Shit!" Yennda coughed out blood as he exited the clouds, but not downward the trunk but at the starting position. He had run back as soon as Resha began his hunt.

He had entered it alongside Grehha and originally planned to sabotage the latter's exhibit, especially since it seemed fragile. But before he could launch an attack, Grehha had vanished from sight.

Feeling the presence of death, he leaped back with all his might, barely evading the death blow from Resha's bone sphere. Only the bone in his left hand shattered from the attack.

Yennda crawled back further up, almost reaching the gates, stopping only when he was aware that Resha wouldn't target him in public.

Within the clouds, Resha and Virala exchanged multiple attacks, prepared for each other.

Held in Virala's hand was a crossbow, with the arrows being made of bone. He shot the arrows and fin-tuned their path using his Prana, causing them to accurately hit the bone spheres Resha hurled at him.

One of the arrows hit dead centre on a bone sphere, lodging halfway before both fell to the ground. Resha grabbed it and felt the arrow, 'It's a Spirit Weapon refined using a Mud Viper's arm bone.'

The arrow only had a length of 15 centimetres. It was to conserve the resources required to produce it. Even with Granny Oyo's assistance, he couldn't burn through money. That would get him blacklisted by her.

The moment the arrows missed their target, they flew back to Virala who loaded them on the crossbow once again. It was a repeating crossbow, made to hold ten arrows at a time. After swallowing a mouthful of Mud Viper Tonic, he could exert enough physical strength to load up the crossbow.

In terms of power, it was lacking and wasn't a weapon any cultivator would use. Not only did it expend resources, but the generated power wasn't anything worth writing home about. Even a bone sphere was better as a weapon, not to mention the specialised Spirit Weapons each cultivator took time to refine.

Virala's only goal was to wound Resha and waste his large Prana reserve, 'He has reached 100 Prana already. As long as I give him a strong enough mental shock, all his accumulated Prana would collapse.'

Virala was biding his time while slowly making his way toward the exit. Currently, his path was the most stable and his accumulations were the most solid. As long as he gets rid of the regressor here, the cure would be his.

'But, if only that was easy.' Virala sighed, concluding after predicting based on the routes taken by the reincarnates. 'Yennda retreated while Grehha was the first to escape. Inala is still on the floor. Since he hasn't moved until now, he's probably dead. Good riddance.'

The previous night, Virala visited the rooms of all the reincarnates. There, while unnoticed, he slipped a tiny bone fragment into the pocket of each. This bone fragment had been refined using a bunch of medicinal ingredients, personally created by Granny Oyo at his request.

The result was a bone fragment that could only be detected by him. Virala had slipped one in everyone, including the regressor. Thereby, he was able to sense their position.

That was how he could plan and succeed in sneak attacking Resha. While fighting Resha, Virala's attention was suddenly diverted to another location, causing him to mutter, "Impossible."

"That madman! Really? He's doing that? Holy fuck!" Even he didn't have the balls to do that. A few seconds later, a large grin appeared on his face as he infused Prana into his voice and shouted, "Resha, did you know?"

Beyond the clouds, Instructor Mandu observed patiently, holding back his chuckle when he watched Yennda crawl forth like a worm from the edge of the trunk. Rather, he had taken a risk to traverse from its curved ends. A misstep and he would have died.

That was how he avoided the battle. Barely surviving through it, Yennda collapsed in fear once he crossed the clouds, "I…I don't want to go through it again."

Soon, upon seeing two more figures exit the cloud, Instructor Mandu sighed as he commented, "It seems one didn't make it."

"That's a pity."



Chapter 22: Resha Suffers a Major Loss

"So, one didn't make it." Instructor Mandu said as he observed the conditions of the students. Bloody, beaten, battered, sporting multiple fractures, they were a mess, "Fragment Disease is no different to a curse."

His gaze then fell on the face of a shocked Resha, one expressing a primal sense of disbelief and fear, completely flustered. Upon sensing the latter's condition, he commented in disappointment, "If your mind is weak, it's just a waste of resources no matter how hard you cultivate."

"You should prepare yourself to be fed to a Pranic Beast, Resha." Shaking his head, Instructor Mandu motioned for the four people to follow him, "We're running late. Let's hurry."

"Yes, Instructor." Virala replied spiritedly as he shot a gaze to his left, seeing Yennda picking himself up, 'He's a mess. For the time being, he's not a threat.'

'Grehha acts loud but is very cunning. He avoided all damage altogether and made me do his dirty work. As a result, I am now the prime target of the regressor's rage.' He thought and observed Resha, 'This will take him a while to come out of.'

'But most of all,' Virala turned serious as he stared at the figure of Inala that brushed past Resha, 'This fucker should be guarded against the most. He'll get up no matter how many times I beat him down. He needs to be crushed absolutely.'

It all started a few minutes ago. When they had assembled at the training grounds, Virala smiled and asked Inala about his secret.

"You," Inala sported a wide smile, "You're my secret."

Even though it seemed like a taunt, Virala felt something from Inala's tone. As a result, while on their way to their dorm, Virala paid a visit to Inala's room.

He stared at the trolley Inala had prepared, "It seems you have something to say to me."

"We'll be walking through the clouds, just as in the novel." Inala said seriously.

"I know, and I'm prepared. What of it?" Virala snorted, "Are you begging me to spare you?"

"Nothing of the sort," Inala shrugged, "If my prediction is correct, fifteen seconds after we enter the clouds, Resha will target me. He'll attack me from behind to ensure I'm knocked deeper into the clouds and cannot retreat outside."

"So, you're aware," Virala grinned, "You gained his Skill. You're obviously the first in his kill list."

"Hence, I'll present you a chance." Inala's eyes revealed a maddening craze, "A chance to offset the only individual before you in the race."

The seven colours all gunned for the cure. Toward that, they made various preparations. If ranked based on their preparations, from first, the order would be Resha, Virala, Inala, Grehha, Blola, and Yennda.

Orakha was out of the race already.

Virala was second in the race. Therefore, as long as he offsets Resha, given his current condition, he would remain in the lead. There were less than eleven months before the First Major Disaster started. As long as Resha falls hard enough, he wouldn't be able to reach first.

So, Inala's offer aligned with Virala's best interests.

"What makes you think I wouldn't sabotage you?" Virala growled.

"Any smart man ranked second will try to sabotage the first-placed individual to be placed first himself." Inala laughed, "I'm ranked third. I should be the one actively trying to sabotage you, not the other way around."

'Dammit!' Virala felt intense deja vu. Just the previous night, he sabotaged Inala using Parute fruits. The deal was too good to refuse and hence, Inala fell into the trap.

And now, the same was being sprung on him. 'Indeed, this is the best chance to take down Resha by a peg. There aren't enough variables in future events to harm him. Besides, with his current Prana accumulation, he might avoid all those events to focus solely on preparing himself to accommodate the cure.'

"Fine, I'm in." Virala sighed and asked, "So, what do you want me to do?"

"Nothing much," Inala pointed at his trolley, "Leave your Spirit Weapon here. When Resha attacks me, I want you to use the chance to sneak attack him. It will rile him up enough for whatever else you have in store for him."

"That's it?" Virala frowned, "Won't you die if you tank a hit from him? Even I'm not sure if I could endure Resha's attacks. The speed and power of his Spirit Weapon would be on a whole other level."

"That's up to me." Inala's maddening desire flared up, "I'll do everything in my arsenal to survive that."

"If I can't even do that, then I'm not fit enough to survive and thrive in Sumatra."

…

In the clouds, Inala collapsed to the ground, groaning in pain, 'Fuck, it hurts!'

The bone sphere had slammed into his chest, but the one broken wasn't his ribs but the armour covering him. It was sloppy work, but after he sent away Virala from his room, Inala layered his body with clay. On it, he stuck a thin layer of hardened mud.

This created a decently robust enough defence. And when the bone sphere slammed into his chest, it was the hardened mud that cracked, absorbing most of the impact. The clay layer dispersed the remaining damage, but it still hurt like hell.

Inala extended his hand and opened a window along the side of the trolley, pulling out a helmet made out of hardened mud. There were ten layers of it, and sandwiched within was clay to hold it together. The clay was rolled into straws and spread wide apart.

Thereby, when the bone sphere slammed into the helmet, the hardened mud layers crumbled. Adding onto the clay stuck underneath, the produced sound effect somewhat resembled a cracking skull. If not for the clouds and the wind, anyone could easily tell the difference, but it was planned for this exact situation and hence paid off.

As for the blood, Inala had stuck tiny packets of his blood within the helmet. So, when it cracked, the blood leaked out. Thanks to the medicines Granny Oyo had given him, he could safely extract enough blood without collapsing from anemia.

For the final touch, that is to fool Resha's senses towards Prana, Inala had just the right ability.

Mystique Bone Art—Spirit Reinforcement!



Chapter 23: The Regressor Despairs

Spirit Reinforcement rapidly consumed Prana to shatter and reform the Spirit Containers. It was a delicate Skill and required a lot of practice before it could be used without problems.

When Inala activated it, he caused his Spirit Containers to break one after another, resulting in his Prana escaping out of his body. It was because he had activated the Skill on more than one Spirit Container.

With his current skill level, the Skill could only be used on one Spirit Container successfully. Instead, he had used it on eight Spirit Containers, causing the Prana in them all to begin escaping his body rapidly.

It would take a couple dozen seconds at least for eight units of Prana to leak out of his body. And this phenomenon was no different to when a cultivator died. After all, when they died, their Spirit Containers begin breaking in batches.

As the process in both was exactly the same, it gave the illusion to Resha that Inala had died. Not in his wildest dreams would he ever imagine Inala gaining the Spirit Reinforcement Skill from Granny Oyo.

It was the creation of this Skill that was a turning point in her life.

In his previous life, only after going through a lot of trouble was Resha finally able to obtain this Skill from her. By this point in time, none of the reincarnates should have succeeded in it.

Not in his wildest dream did he imagine Inala would trade with Granny Oyo. For, doing so would allow her to realise that the Toxin Refinement and Elixir Condensation Skills were pretty much similar to what she had been developing. They were slightly improved versions of Skills she had spent years researching.

Unnerved, she would immediately use the Prana Domination Skill to turn Inala into her Spirit Weapon.

But, there was a difference in mindset here.

Resha was born in Sumatra and had a pure cultivator's mindset where must absolutely possess free will. Therefore, being in control of someone else for even the slightest wasn't something that sat well with him.

This was not to mention becoming Granny Oyo's Spirit Weapon. That was a status no different from a slave. Even if he were to die, he would never become that.

Conversely, Inala was fine with it. He hailed from a modern society where the thoughts of people were influenced and directed by algorithms, with technology monitoring their every action.

Even a slave bound by chains had some free will. The master of the chains could only force the slave to do their bidding through torture or inhumane punishments. In the end, the choice to submit was still with the slave.

But the digital chains of the 21st century were different. One would never feel their existence, but the chains existed. Moreover, they gradually steered the minds of the people in the direction dictated by the owners.

Social Media Narrative Brainwashing!

Inala came from such a place and was aware of the truth regarding his society. Therefore, even becoming Granny Oyo's Spirit Weapon wasn't an issue to him. All he had to do here was repeat whatever was conditioned in him on Earth—understand, adapt, and overcome the algorithm.

As long as he understood Granny Oyo's mind, he could instead affect and control her decisions.

This difference in mindset was how Inala fooled Resha into believing he was dead. Inala played dead for a few minutes, getting up only after enough time had passed. 'They must almost be at the exit.'

He began to push his trolley towards the exit, content with the execution of his plan. 'I hope you succeed, Virala. It's to my benefit too, for I can use you as a knife to wound Resha. And when he recovers, he'll target you with all his power. I can avoid his attention for a while.'

…

"Resha! Did you know?" While fighting within the clouds, Virala shouted by infusing Prana into his throat, causing his voice to boom out. "A month ago, all of us had a dream!"

"What dream?" Even though Resha stopped attacking, he was on guard. Slowly, he began to walk towards Virala, 'I can hit you better from close up.'

"We saw you getting killed," Virala said. His words caused Resha to come to an abrupt halt.

"It wasn't clear. There were only some messages." Virala continued to speak upon hearing grunts of shock from Resha, "Following that scene, I dreamed about a couple other scenes. Based on what I probed, except for your death, everyone else dreamed different scenes."

"Through that, Orakha knew the Mud Viper Tonic you created would help him survive the crisis. But you overreacted and caused his death." Virala expressed helplessness, "We know some things. And in the past month, we verified their legitimacy. Whatever we dreamed about will happen. Hence, all of us began to prepare accordingly to the information we gained from the dream."

"What…are you getting at?" Resha's heart lurched as he felt heavy. Virala's words caused an unsettling creepiness to froth in him, 'How did I regress to the past? Why are there six people with the same condition as me in my second life? How do they know about me?'

It felt like Virala's words would allow him to find an answer behind his regression, 'Is some Deity playing a sick game on me? Is that what it is?'

"But as you saw with Orakha, we each only possess limited information, and the majority of that information is vague. That's why Orakha misjudged the situation and died. I feared one of us might repeat his mistake and placed a Spy Bone Fragment in the clothes of each." Virala infused as much uneasiness in his tone as possible, controlling his grin as he spoke, expressing fear in his shaky voice, "I saw Blola heading down that path."

"Where is he?" Resha felt alarmed. While he was fighting Virala, he seemed to have lost track of the sixth figure's Prana signature. That was Blola.

"The cure to Fragment Disease," Virala said solemnly, "Blola left the settlement in search of that. And the direction he's heading toward is…"

Virala hurriedly backed off as he shouted, "South-East."

"South-East?" Resha was petrified. His face lost all colour, "No, no, no! Where is that fucker? Don't! You bastard! BASTARD!"

A few days after the First Major Disaster, Resha's parents would return, having succeeded in their mission. They would arrive on the back of a baby Empyrean Tusk, giving hope for the herd's future. Based on the timeframe, the baby Empyrean Tusk would currently be South-East their location.

Blola was currently heading in the direction of their arrival. If the baby Empyrean Tusk is compromised, it would accelerate the annihilation of the Mammoth Clan, 'No, we might not even survive the Third Major Disaster.'

"W-Where is Blola?" Resha shouted, intending to get the information out of Virala, but the latter ran away. "Don't screw with me. Tell it to me, NOW!"

"Shouldn't you know it the best, Resha?" Virala's voice echoed, "There's a one-time use secret pathway in Ennoudu Plains that leads directly to the destination."

"It's too late."

Plop!

'It's true.' Resha knew it the best. Originally, he intended to use that pathway after getting his hand on an important item at the fair that happened today. That way, he could meet with his parents in advance and lead them to the herd.

That would ensure most of the 44th Settlement would remain alive. It was because, in his past life, barely twenty from his settlement survived the First Major Disaster.

"It's over!" He collapsed to the ground, despairing. The intense shock he experienced, coupled with the effects of his Fragment Disease caused his 100 Spirit Containers to shatter. All the Prana he had accumulated leaked out of his body.

He was so mentally affected that Resha couldn't even gather enough presence of mind to retain as much of the leaking Prana as possible. The reason for his despair was simple. The cure for the Fragment Disease was…

An Empyrean Tusk's Heart!



Chapter 24: Mammoth Fair

"Hurry up, the lot of you." Instructor Mandu said as he led them down the Empyrean Tusk's trunk, all while mentally clicking his tongue, 'Resha, that blasted idiot! He up and wasted 100 Prana! Dammit! I really assumed he would become something based on his recent growth, but trash always remains trash, huh?'

Accumulating 100 Prana required a lot of time and effort. It also consumed a lot of resources. Therefore, Resha losing his composure meant he lost all 100 Prana, implying the wastage of all the resources used in his growth.

Such a loss caused Instructor Mandu to develop killing intent towards Resha, 'When you graduate, I'll chuck you the fastest into a Pranic Beast's mouth.'

'Why did you have to do that?' Inala stared at Instructor Mandu while walking right beside the weakened Resha, gloating at the latter's condition.

The fact that Resha lost all his accumulation meant he would have to build everything up from scratch once again. Even a newborn baby had at least one Prana. At present, Resha had none.

Building up Prana from one unit to a hundred wasn't as hard as building up one unit of Prana from zero. This stage was the most difficult.

After all, without a unit of Prana, Resha wouldn't be able to activate the Mystic Bone Art. This meant he couldn't cultivate to accumulate Prana. Even consuming 100 Parute Fruits wouldn't help the situation.

If the cultivation technique couldn't be activated, then consuming Parute Fruits would only end up causing indigestion, nothing else. So, having no Prana in the body was the biggest setback one could face, even for the regressor.

A normal person could at least do something about such a situation. They could be injected with a unit of Prana from another person and then gradually assimilate that into their body and work hard to make it theirs.

But Resha had no one to rely upon. He was alone. This provided Inala with a great opportunity. By helping him, he could probably get another useful Skill. That would further bridge the gap between him and the regressor that had lived through this world once already.

Inala wasn't aware of what Virala had done to result Resha in such a state. Currently, Resha was despondent, lacking any fighting spirit. Just one more push and he could be killed.

But in such a situation, Instructor Mandu directed his killing intent towards the regressor.

'Damn…' Both Inala and Virala groaned simultaneously upon sensing the killing intent. And as they expected, Resha reacted immediately.

'You want to get rid of me already?' Resha calmed down instantly, a nature he developed in his previous life. Everyone with enough experience of living in Sumatra became the same over time.

And honestly, sensing the killing intent brought him back to his senses, 'What am I moping about? So what if I lost 100 Prana? I just need to build it up from scratch once again. And even if Blola intends to make way towards my parents, he'll have to tread through the Zinger's territory. That's easier said than done.'

Resha stared at his body, 'I was originally hesitant to do this because I'm instinctually averse to any methods that cause me to lose my developed Prana. Since I already lost everything, it's fate. In this life, I'll tread a different path.'

'Fuck!' Inala stared at Virala as the duo trembled faintly upon seeing Resha break out into a faint smile.

Virala, Inala, Yennda, and Resha followed after Instructor Mandu in silence. None spoke a word about what transpired in the clouds above, acting as if nothing had happened. But the minds of everyone churned at full speed.

Soon, they came into view of the Ennoudu Plains.

It was a large piece of flatland that was barren, almost a desert. Faint vegetation sprouted here and there, but that was it. The soil didn't have any nutrients to sustain life. This was despite a river running through the plains.

The highlight point here was a hill that grew on the plains. It had an altitude of two hundred metres. Its peak had been levelled by monstrous power. Judging by the cracks, one of the Empyrean Tusks had done it.

The flattened peak covered at least ten square kilometres in area. And surrounding it, with their trunks placed along the edges were the 44 Empyrean Tusks. Using the trunks as bridges, the Mammoth Clan living on each Empyrean Tusk arrived on the hilltop.

When they were just a hundred metres to the hilltop, Inala stared forth and observed steep mountains covering the horizon a hundred kilometres away, 'We'll be entering that territory tomorrow.'

They looked like mountains but seemed as if the entire ground had been raised up by two kilometres. Narrow paths spread out within this elevated ground, forming canyons. Something resembling a dust cloud floated amidst the canyon. It was a dangerous region where the First Great Disaster would erupt.

"Fuck…" Yennda inhaled a breath of cold air, trembling in fright.

"Afraid?" Virala whispered as he nudged Inala.

"Heck yeah," Inala rolled his eyes, "The trial version of Sumatra ends here. From tomorrow, we'll be seeing its full version."

Dieng Canyon!

It was where shit truly began in Sumatra Chronicles.

'My confidence is waning.' Inala inhaled deep breaths to calm himself. Settlement life would become dangerous from tomorrow. After all, they would be attacked daily once they enter Dieng Canyon. There wouldn't be any time to rest.

And if he was the slightest bit careless, he could be assassinated, for that was the speciality of the Zingers, the Pranic Beast race that inhabited the Dieng Canyon. Unlike most Pranic Beast races, Zingers were structurally oriented in terms of roles and command chain. And the higher up the command chain a Zinger was, the stronger it got.

Mind that even the strongest Zinger was only an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast. But just like the Mud Vipers, their numbers were what made them terrifying.

'Well, my goal is a Zinger. So, I need to brace myself.' Thinking as such, Inala observed two concentric walls built on the hilltop, separating the area into three rings.

The outermost ring was where students like him could mingle around. The middle ring was for the elites while the innermost ring was for the masters. There existed a tower in the centre, the sole building on the hilltop.

It was where the 44 Settlement Leaders convened to discuss the future of the Mammoth Clan.

'This is where I can accumulate as much resources as possible in preparation for the upcoming conflicts.' Inala continued to circulate his 12 Prana to constantly maintain himself at an optimal state as he entered the outer ring and proceeded towards the location of his stall. 'This is the start of the Mammoth Fair.'



Chapter 25: Inala’s Portraits

'Thankfully, my stall isn't nearby others.' Inala thought in relief the moment he arrived at his spot.

The walls were built four metres high. Extending out of the walls were barricades that formed small compartments, creating spaces for people to set up a stall inside.

Inala took out a fist-sized lump of mud and softened it using the Mud Viper toxin. He flattened it until it was rectangular in shape and then proceeded to round the edges. The slab of mud was only palm sized.

Following that, he poked a hole at the top, enough for a thick enough string to be slid through. With the base ready, he whipped out four Spirit Weapons in the shape of carving tools.

With that, he swiftly began to carve a simple outline of his face. He only used his hands to hold the mud slab in place while his Prana moved the Spirit Weapons to carve on it. As he had practiced countless times, he was done in a minute.

Portrait!

It was just a neck-up image of himself, with faint indentations to give some three-dimensional feeling to the image. There was hardly any detail though, and most of the carving strokes were just there to emphasise the facial features.

For the eyelashes, an actual person had around a hundred strands on each eyelid. But in the drawing, he only drew about a dozen. Lips were just two curves, that's all. Despite cutting corners in the carving process, the end result still looked like him.

Upon seeing it, he propped up a small mirror and verified if the result was good enough by staring at his reflection, 'That looks good enough.'

Inala then made a second rectangular slab, repeating the same process. But this time, he paid attention to detail, making the result look as realistic as possible. It took around thirty minutes as Inala stared at it, satisfied.

It was a perfect replica of his face. Inala carved the number '20' behind the realistic portrait and the number '1' behind the simplistic portrait. That was their price in Parute.

Right as he finished up the two portraits meant for display, the area had become crowded. More than ten thousand students had congregated on the hilltop's outer ring.

And among them, around five people had walked past his stall and saw his work. They became interested in it and approached him.

One of them asked, "Hello, may I know what your stall is about?"

"I'll sculpt portraits of you," Inala said and pointed at the two portraits of himself that he had just finished, "There are two versions available now. The simple one costs one Parute while the detailed one costs 20 Parute."

"Why's this one so expensive?" The student pointed at the detailed sculpture and asked, "All you did was spend more time on it. So, why is it twenty times more expensive?"

"Touch it and see," Inala smiled professionally and made the student feel the two portraits.

"This feels…smooth." The student muttered after touching the detailed portrait. He then felt the simplistic one and frowned, "Why does this feel so coarse?"

"That's due to the materials involved." Inala answered, "Producing the material to give that smooth texture is expensive. And only on such an expensive material can I inscribe such a level of detail. That's why it's expensive."

"Give me a simple one then." The student said. He was only given ten Parute by his academy to spend on the Fair. He didn't have any pocket money and hence couldn't afford the detailed one. Besides, he didn't wish to spend so much money on a portrait.

'Well, despite his questions, he still gave me business.' Inala flashed a professional smile and began the task. At the sight of four Spirit Weapons working in conjunction to carve on the mud slab, the onlookers stared in praise. Controlling four wasn't easy, not to mention performing detailed craft work at that.

If it wasn't because he was an artist already and had dedicated himself to mastering the focus necessary in his past life, it wouldn't have been possible. Inala couldn't display such a level of focus and precision in non-art activities, such as fighting. He lacked the experience to do that.

"Please see your appearance in the mirror and confirm if this portrait is to your liking." Inala pointed at the mirror.

"Wow, it looks just like me. It's worth the money." The student said in praise, paid a Parute, and grabbed his portrait.

"If you ever wish to have a life-sized portrait, please commission me. I'm Inala from the 44th settlement." Inala said some parting words before beginning to work on his next task.

Many were interested in having a portrait of themselves. As students, they didn't have any accessories. At least, this was something they could show off to others. Besides, it cost one Parute. That was dirt cheap.

There weren't that many stalls in the outer ring in the first place, as the academies only informed them at the last minute. Therefore, more and more students gathered around Inala's stall. After all, he wasn't just selling a product, but experience too.

It was entertaining to watch him use four Spirit Weapons to craft. The students even gained some inspiration to control their Spirit Weapons from seeing his actions.

To gain as much attention as possible, Inala's voice was loud and chirpy, often cracking jokes. He had been preparing for the occasion for a month after all. So, he had enough material to entertain the crowd.

'It's going well,' He thought, observing the dwindling amount of mud and clay.

Standing among the crowd towards the back was Resha, calmly observing Inala, 'Inala is talented in craft. He's making portraits to earn Parute. His actions reveal his character. His innate quality is towards creation and isn't murderous.'

Thinking of how Inala traded the Toxin Refinement Skill from him, 'His choice makes sense now. That's how he wishes to gain resources, huh?'

Resha was observing to get a better understanding of Inala. Until now, he knew next to nothing about the reincarnates. That was primarily the reason behind the major loss he suffered recently.

He stared at Inala as his eyes turned cold, 'Mud, huh? I see, so what I broke wasn't his bones but the armour of mud covering his body. It seems he predicted my attack and hence came prepared to fool me.'

As Inala was emitting Prana while making the portraits, it was easy for the onlookers to determine that he had only 12 Prana.

Upon hearing the discussion about it from nearby, Resha understood, 'To save himself, he decisively blew eight Spirit Containers?'

'Who is this guy, actually? Where's he coming from to be this decisive?' Resha frowned in thought, 'What's his true identity?'



Chapter 26: Self-Advertisements

"Come, everyone. Buy a Prana Booster!" Virala shouted as he stared at the students. "If you drink a vial, your training efficiency doubles for a day. It also has a mild effect in reinforcing your Spirit Containers. All for the price of five Parute, you can get a vial."

"Does this work?" A student frowned as he stared at the vial.

"Of course," Virala said and pointed at the figure of Ruvva behind the stall, "She's the granddaughter of Granny Oyo from the 44th settlement. She can confirm it for you. The medicine I'm selling has received Granny Oyo's approval."

As someone affected by the Fragment Disease that had reached the Life Stage, Granny Oyo was decently famous even beyond the 44th settlement. The students didn't know about her but once they inquired about Granny Oyo with their parents, they were able to verify Virala's claims.

"I'll buy one," A student approached the stall and bought a vial. Soon, more and more began to buy. Most of them just bought one vial while those with deep pockets bought many.

With every purchase, Virala's smile only grew deeper, 'I've made a decent killing this time.'

He had prepared two hundred vials in total. That was a lot for this occasion. And judging by the speed of purchase, he judged they would be sold out in a couple of hours. 'Then, I have enough time.'

He would be making 1000 Parute from this endeavour. But, Virala wasn't focused on that. With Granny Oyo's support, he didn't have to worry about reaching 100 Prana.

He had two goals in this event other than to hinder the development of the regressor and the reincarnates. The first was to network with the students that would eventually become pillars of the Mammoth Clan.

As long as he makes a strong impression on them and forges bonds of friendship, they'll support him when he makes plans openly against Resha and the others in the future. His second goal was…

"Excuse me, can you give me twenty vials?" A girl approached the stall, carrying a pouch full of Parute fruits. She had short, shoulder-length hair that waved every time she bobbed her head. The bangles on her hand jingled as she stretched her hand out.

Every bangle was a Spirit Weapon, but their only purpose here was decoration. From the way she dressed and behaved, it was apparent that she was affluent.

'Luttrena, my primary objective. She's here.' Virala's eyes shone as he calmly packed the vials and gave them to her, "Thank you for your purchase. If you want more, please contact Virala from the 44th Settlement."

"Sure," The girl, Luttrena coolly nodded and walked away. She seemed curious about the other stalls.

Virala calmly side-eyed her figure while continuing to sell the vials. Once they finished selling all two hundred vials, Virala patted Ruvva on the back, "Can you be a dear and return home with the money?"

He then whispered in her ears, "I'm going to interfere with the stalls of my enemies. I don't want us to lose our hard-earned money during the chaos. It's our first collective earning, so it's very valuable to me."

"Our first collective earning…" Ruvva blushed as she packed the Parute fruits and began to make her way back to their settlement.

The moment she went away, Virala walked past the stalls of the reincarnates, not even glancing at them. Before messing with them, he needed to stabilise his development route first, 'And she'll lead me to the cure herself.'

Upon seeing Luttrena walking away after buying a detailed portrait of herself from Inala's stall, he calmly approached her, the smile on his face deepening.

…

"What? How much did he say it costs again?"

"400 Parute? Isn't that ridiculous?"

"Is he mad?"

"He's a Death Row student. Obviously, he's desperate."

Yennda calmed himself while on the receiving end of verbal abuse by the students. There was just one item in his stall. It was a spear. And the price of it was 400 Parute.

That was a ridiculous sum. Even children of affluent masters wouldn't have so much money, not to mention most of the broke students that relied on the 10 Parute handed out by the academy.

As a result, when they heard the price, they couldn't help but hurl out curses at his blatant display of greed.

"Enough!" Once he observed a large enough crowd had gathered and noticed a certain someone among them, he infused Prana into his voice and bellowed, grabbing the attention of everyone.

The spear hovered in the air as Yennda shouted with vigour, unlike his usually silent character, "What? You think just because I have the Fragment Disease means I'm mouthing my mouth off in desperation?"

"Idiots!" He snorted, saying quickly upon seeing the expression of the students morph in anger, "Yes, I'm desperate to survive! More than the lot of you that might become dinner to a Pranic Beast out of carelessness."

"To avoid such a fate is why I desperately created this Spirit Weapon, named Roto Spear. It's what would allow a cultivator with Fragment Disease such as myself to rise above others!" He roared, "If you don't believe its power, just watch."

As he infused his Prana into the Roto Spear, its shaft remained still while its tip began to rotate rapidly.

"How is it that fast?" The students exclaimed in shock.

Anyone in the Spirit Stage could use psychokinesis to control their Spirit Weapons to fight. Generally, the most potent way to raise the Spirit Weapon's destructiveness was to give it a spin. It was why chakrams and spears were generally preferred as Spirit Weapons.

The bone spheres were just the basic Spirit Weapons meant for training. No one used them for combat after graduation.

The students had obviously trained to give a spin to a Spirit Weapon. So, they were aware of how much one could spin a Spirit Weapon in comparison to the Prana they possess. But Yennda's Roto Spear's tip spun at ten times the speed of what he should be capable of.

It puzzled everyone.

This was achieved by a complex network of concentric gears embedded within the spear's shaft while solving many structural stress-strain variables. Yennda was an engineer-cum weapon geek. And when he read Sumatra Chronicles, he had conceptualised such an item to fight better in these settings. Hence, he was able to create a functional Spirit Weapon that was more potent than others.

"Ten times the rotation speed," Yennda shouted, "Do I need to say anything else?"

"My Roto Spear is worth 400 Parute. If you have the money, it is yours." He roared, "Even if you don't at present, if you have enough Parute in the future, contact Yennda from the 44th Settlement. I'll create as many Roto Spears as you need."



Chapter 27: Yennda Succeeds

Hearing Yennda's shout, one of the instructors present at the outer ring to police the students came over and observed the Roto Spear. He waddled his way to the front of the crowd and stared at Yennda coldly, "Has your exhibit been approved?"

"Yes," Yennda nodded confidentially.

"By whom?" The instructor asked, coldly, wondering if an instructor had been bribed to allow such a nonsense exhibit to be displayed. 'Ten times the speed? If something like this was true, we would have created it long ago.'

"By Instructor Mandu from the 44th Settlement!" Yennda said aloud.

The instructor looked around and leaped afar, crossing the crowd as he approached Instructor Mandu and brought him to Yennda's stall, pointing at the Roto Spear to ask, "Is this for real?"

"Well, there are plenty of issues with it, but it's real." Instructor Mandu grinned smugly, "This kid only needs support to perfect this Roto Spear into something even we can use."

"Let me test it," Saying so, he grabbed the Roto Spear from Yennda and infused his Prana into it, instantly overriding the imprint on it. In a matter of seconds, he turned it into his Spirit Weapon and caused it to fly in the air.

The tip of the Roto Spear spun so fast it caused a high-frequency buzzing sound. But the speed was too much for the Roto Spear to handle. A faint burning smell emanated from it as a result. The gear mechanism inside had caught fire.

But despite damaging the Roto Spear, the Instructor was shocked as he stared at Instructor Mandu, "As you said, this has plenty of issues. But it's the real deal."

"Roto Spear, was it?" He asked Yennda, speaking upon seeing the latter nod, "It's too weak for the elites, but it's already the strongest weapon a student could wield. If you like it, I wish to promote your Roto Spear to the middle ring."

"Please allow me to take care of that," Instructor Mandu said, unable to conceal the smile that formed on his face upon seeing more Instructors coming to the stall to show interest, "Since you have checked it yourself, do you wish to vouch for it alongside me?"

"The completion of this weapon is to the benefit of the Mammoth Clan. Of course, I'll vouch for it." Saying so, the Instructor grabbed the Roto Spear and leaped over the wall to enter the middle ring.

"You succeeded, brat." Instructor Mandu patted Yennda and whispered, "Leave the rest to me. I'll do my best to get you a favourable deal."

"Thank you, Instructor Mandu." Yennda bowed happily.

"How many Roto Spears can you make in a month?" He asked next.

"One," Yennda said, "But if I manage to reach 100 Prana, I can create up to four per month. If I can recruit a talented student as an assistant, I can make even more."

"Got it," Saying so, Instructor Mandu too leaped over the wall and entered the middle ring.

'It's a success.' Yennda laughed, partly proud but mostly relieved that he had succeeded. He was tense all along. There were plenty of close calls, especially in the clouds before. He almost died back then.

Yennda stared at his bruised arm. He expended most of his Prana to focus on healing it, but there was still enough damage there, 'Resha! How dare you break my arm!'

"Is…what you said the truth?" A girl approached him, hesitant but hopeful, "Can someone with the Fragment Disease have hope for the future? Will that be possible with your weapon?"

"You are…" Yennda asked, despite being aware of the other party's identity.

Her bones were slightly deformed, causing her to hunch a little, an angular face with protruding cheekbones, and an overall sickly appearance. In Sumatra Chronicles, she was a girl casually mentioned in passing, taking up space no more than one sentence.

In the Mammoth Clan, she was the second woman with Fragment Disease. There were many such women in history, but were rare. At most there existed one or two per generation. And in the current generation, the first was Granny Oyo, and the second was her.

"Yuza," The girl introduced herself, "I too am affected by the Fragment Disease. I had given up on life, but today, when I saw many students with the same condition as me giving their all, I wanted to do something to change myself."

"When I saw you, I felt hope." She stared at Yennda, teary-eyed, "Is what you said the truth? Can we be saved?"

"Do you despise your weakness?" Yennda mimicked the pose and tone of a popular anime protagonist and extended his hand towards her, fired up, "Do you desire to grow stronger? If yes, then take my hand. Become my assistant and we'll jointly work towards a better future for ourselves."

"I do," Yuza teared up in happiness. At the sight of her, Yennda was excited, 'There was a reason only two females with the Fragment Disease showed up. Usually, there's a correlation between women and any uniqueness. It wasn't stated explicitly there, but when I think about it…'

He grinned and wiped Yuza's tears, 'Through her, I can cure myself.'

"Will you follow me to my settlement?" He asked her, "You're from the 43rd Settlement, right?"

"Yes," Yuza nodded, "But, is that possible? Can I enter your settlement?"

"Let's see," Yennda trailed off as he stared at the wall, "I'm waiting for permission."

An hour later, Instructor Mandu returned, happy as he threw a bag of Parute to him, "There's an advance of 2000 Parute in it. You have been allotted a small workshop where you'll be working from tomorrow onwards. All materials necessary to build a Roto Spear will be provided to you. As long as their family permits, you can assign a student as your assistant."

"At the successful completion of each Roto Spear, you'll be paid 100 Parute." He concluded.

"Only a hundred?" Yennda sighed.

"Yes, but all your other necessities will be taken care of." Instructor Mandu patted his shoulder, "Besides, that's only for the current Roto Spear. You get what I'm saying, right?"

"So, it's to motivate me to perfect it faster." Yennda understood what the higher-ups implied. If he completed six Roto Spears per month, he'll get 600 Parute. That means, before his graduation in eleven months, he'll have more than enough Parute to reach 100 Prana.

Once he reaches the Body Stage, his Parute requirements would increase. Moreover, he'll also be needing all sorts of resources from then on, making his earning of 600 Parute lacking. The only way to satisfy his appetite would be to complete the Roto Spear that could be wielded by elites.

Only then would he earn enough. So, to get more investment, he would have to succeed. If he remained content with his current accomplishment, he wouldn't survive once he reached the Body Stage. Therefore, he was forced to complete the Roto Spear in a year.

Yennda stared at Instructor Mandu and nodded, "I accept the condition."

"Please lead me to our workshop." He pointed at Yuza, appointing her as his assistant, smiling upon seeing his proposal get accepted. 'I now have everything I need.'



Chapter 28: Mud Viper Egg Seller

"That'll be twenty Parute," Grehha smiled as he handed out a fist-sized egg to a student. He was selling Mud Viper eggs. That was his exhibit.

Mud Vipers were only Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the lowest of the low. But, it was still decently useful. And for the students that were either orphans or had no resources, they wouldn't be able to obtain a Pranic Beast egg to fuse their Spirit Container with once they enter the Body Stage.

It had to be noted that the Empyrean Tusk herd would continue to travel nonstop. Most of the time, they would be targeted by Pranic Beasts that had matured. The only way to get some eggs would be to venture deep into the wilderness and grab some.

A raid team would have to be set up for that and there might be lots of deaths involved. Once a year, a raid team would be sent into the wilderness.

But until then, the students that had graduated would be unable to cultivate. A useless adult was scorned the most in the Mammoth Clan. So, every student wished to cultivate in the Body Stage as soon as possible.

These Mud Viper eggs made that possible. Moreover, even the eggs brought by the raid team wouldn't be anything special. The majority of the eggs would be from Beginner or Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

The few eggs from Advanced and Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts would be hoarded by the affluent families, those with a Master backing them. If the raid team proved to be lucky, they would obtain one Silver Grade Pranic Beast's egg.

It had to be noted that the strongest of masters in the Mammoth Clan fused with Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

While thinking of all that, even obtaining a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast egg was great. If the student didn't have anything else to fuse with when they entered the Body Stage, they could at least become a Mud Viper.

Besides, it just cost 20 Parute. That was pretty cheap for an investment.

'It's going well.' Grehha thought as he stared at his remaining Mud Viper eggs. It wasn't as if the Mammoth Clan had thought of raising eggs before. But the problem was that the Empyrean Tusks were constantly on the move.

Therefore, the climatic conditions constantly changed every few months, causing all the raised eggs to end up dead. When countless such attempts failed, the Mammoth Clan gave up on raising eggs.

But Grehha was different. The Mammoth Clan traversed a century-long route through Sumatra. Meaning, if a cultivator lived for a century, they would pass through the same region they had tread through hundred years ago.

In Sumatra Chronicles, when Resha was 115 years old, the Mammoth Clan passed through the plains where the Mud Vipers lived. This time, having become a powerhouse, Resha hunted Mud Vipers and experimented upon them extensively.

The Mud Viper Tonic was perfected during that time. It was also then that he figured out a way to raise Mud Viper eggs. Grehha was following just that.

Moreover, in his previous life, Grehha had nurtured countless reptile eggs, most of which hailed from endangered species. He ensured these endangered reptiles mated properly and laid down as many eggs as possible.

He was also responsible for hatching them. It was something he was an expert about. That was why, just based on the description present in Sumatra Chronicles, using his experience, Grehha figured out a method.

Mud Viper eggs hatched in a day. The hatchlings reached maturity in a month and laid eggs. Therefore, the batch of eggs he was selling at present was from the second generation.

Safely tucked in his room were dozens of Mud Vipers. The batch of eggs he sold was laid just yesterday. And it was from just three Mud Vipers.

A Mud Viper laid at least a couple dozen eggs. It was why the population of Mud Vipers in every nest reached a million.

Grehha had brought 60 Mud Viper eggs to sell and one for display. Once they were sold out, he smiled brightly. But he didn't immediately pack up and leave. Instead, he waited, his subtle grin widening when an Instructor approached him.

"How many eggs can you sell?" The Instructor asked.

"In my current capacity, I can only sell one or two. But," He masked his expression and spoke calmly, "If I was provided enough food and water and a large enough space, I can stably sell at least a dozen eggs daily."

"A dozen…?" The Instructor was stunned. He quickly gathered his bearings, grabbed the egg on display, and leaped over the wall, entering the middle ring, "Wait here."

"Yes," Grehha nodded calmly. But internally, he was excited. He had been observing Yennda's stall all along. And hence, he was aware of what it meant when an Instructor went to the middle ring.

As expected, an hour later, the Instructor returned, all smiles as he said to Grehha, "The higher-ups have approved your exhibit. Instructor Mandu will bring you to some vacant residences. You can select one that's perfect for raising more Mud Viper eggs."

"I'm grateful," Grehha bowed in response. He then packed up his stall and returned, calmly observing the Ennoudu Plains while walking over the trunk.

The winds were still fierce, but he was able to reach the top safely. Upon reaching the settlement, Grehha didn't return to his dorm. Instead, he made his way toward the tail end of the settlement.

There was a groove there, with the entrances to houses built within the inner walls of the groove. Only a small percent of the people in the settlement lived on the Empyrean Tusk's back.

The majority of them lived along the grooves on its stomach walls, legs, and even in the interior. There was a network of hollow bones that traversed throughout the Empyrean Tusk's interior, allowing the Mammoth Clansmen to travel through it.

It was in the liver that Parute Trees grew. And in the stomach grew Maetalla trees, meat-bearing trees in short. The fruits—Maeta—they produced were known as meat fruits and provided all the nutrition requirements for the bodies of the Mammoth Clansmen.

The large intestine was their water supply. Due to the Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, the volume within each organ was hundreds to thousands of times their size indicated. Each organ acted like a small biome, generating its respective resources.

Grehha needed one such resource from an organ that none of the Mammoth Clansmen knew existed or had probably forgotten over centuries of neglect. He arrived at the end of a groove and looked around, not noticing any Clansmen around. With that, he took out a certain substance from his trolley and poured it on the floor in the groove, watching the bone there turn soft.

"It's here."



Chapter 29: My Son, Grehha

The Empyrean Tusk had voluntarily created channels in its bone to allow the Mammoth Clansmen to enter and exit. But over time, due to a lack of use, many channels closed up from the sedimentation of dust and nutrients that solidified over time.

During an invasion, such as the First Minor Crisis, the Empyrean Tusk naturally closes most of these channels. And unless necessary, Mammoth Clansmen wouldn't open them.

'One such channel existed here.' Grehha thought as he stared at the place he poured the mysterious solution over. The channel here had never been opened after it closed a few centuries ago. It had been neglected to the extent that the channel entrance fused with the exoskeleton. He had already scouted the place in the past month.

The solution he poured over was an acid refined using Mud Viper toxins. It wasn't strong enough to corrode the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton, but it acted upon the joints of the entrance and gradually consumed the solidified dust.

Twenty minutes later, when the joints had loosened up enough, Grehha used his Prana to control a bone sphere and slammed it into the entrance, pushing it using all his power as he saw the edges of the entrance stretch like rubber before snapping.

The entrance was pushed open as a turbid smell wafted out. It was dark inside as Grehha calmed himself and entered it.

The channel was two metres tall and one metre wide, enough for a person to move through it. Even though it was dark, the moment he entered it, his Mystic Bone Art fired up on its own, enhancing his Prana sense.

Suddenly, his surroundings lit up. In reality, it was still dark, but for the Mammoth Clansmen, it appeared brightly lit. This was one of the Empyrean Tusk's defensive mechanisms.

Even if a Pranic Beast were to get into the channel, it would be unable to see. That wasn't all. Rupturing gravitational force would pummel the invader, shredding its body into meat paste.

Those cultivating the Mystic Bone Art wouldn't be affected by either. Rather, they would be treated as part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

Grehha closed the entrance and walked through the channel for a couple of hours, soon reaching a pulsating organ. "I'm here."

The channel diverged into multiple narrow channels that could only be crawled through. These channels surrounded the pulsating organ that had mostly withered.

Grehha crawled through one such channel and entered the pulsating organ, sighing upon sensing the lack of lifeforce in the region. He felt melancholic and had the urge to tear up, 'She's on her last leg.'

He suddenly slapped his face, brisking himself, 'Why am I feeling such attachment to this Empyrean Tusk all of a sudden? I'm not originally from this world.'

He landed within the organ and walked through a fleshy passage, reaching the end to enter a chamber within which lay an egg. No, it wasn't an egg, but something that would eventually become one.

Ovum!

It was the Empyrean Tusk's Ovum. There was only one remaining here. At the sight of it, Grehha was relieved, "Thankfully, there's one here. I didn't want to enter the ovaries of another Empyrean Tusk."

Thanks to the fair, most of the Mammoth Clansmen were on the hilltop. Ennoudu Plains was a safe region, bereft of any Pranic Beasts. Therefore, security in the settlement was minimum at present.

The sparse few cultivators remaining in the settlement were only there to guard the important locations. As a result, abandoned channels leading to the ovaries weren't monitored. But, that would only be for today.

Once the fair ends in the evening, all the cultivators would return. Grehha would have to finish his task by then. But, if he failed to find an Ovum in the 44th Empyrean Tusk, he would have to infiltrate another Empyrean Tusk.

Not only was it dangerous, but he was also running short on time. A trip to the ovaries took at least a couple of hours if not more. Therefore, he wished to succeed on the first try.

And upon seeing the ovum, he was overjoyed, gently touching it, "Thank goodness."

[My Son!]

"What?" At the sudden booming of a voice in his mind, Grehha screamed in fright, "What was that?"

[It's me, my son!]

He had never heard that voice before, but for some reason, it felt overly familiar. Moreover, before he realised what was up, his chest felt constricted as Grehha choked. Tears streamed down his eyes as he became emotional, instinctively recognising the source of the voice, "Empyrean Tusk?"

[I am Gannala, the 44th Empyrean Tusk!]

"I…can communicate with you?" Grehha was stunned. It was stated in Sumatra Chronicles that only the Mammoth Clan ancestor was able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusks. No one else following that could do it.

Even the various Settlement Leaders were only able to sense their respective Empyrean Tusk's emotions and communicated the same with the Mammoth Clan to coordinate on various matters.

'Even Resha couldn't communicate with an Empyrean Tusk, even at the end game.' Grehha was flabbergasted before excitement surged in him. A few seconds later though, the excitement vanished, replaced by sadness.

He stared at the Ovum, retracting his hand to notice that he was unable to hear the Empyrean Tusk's voice. Once he gently came into contact with it, he was able to hear her voice, "Why…am I your son? You didn't give birth to me."

[You are my son!]

The reply was short and curt. Grehha amounted the Empyrean Tusk to be delusional, 'I'm not even from this world.'

[I'm old, but not enough to be delusional yet, son!]

"What?" Grehha retracted his hand in a fluster, "Y-You can read my mind?"

He didn't hear a reply since he wasn't in touch with the Ovum. Grehha wished to do nothing but walk away, but remembering that the Ovum was a necessity for his plans, he gathered courage and touched it, 'Even though I can compete with Resha, I have no guarantee of succeeding. At present, Resha, Virala, and even Inala are ahead of me in the race. This is my only option to success. I can't give up here.'

The moment he touched it, the Empyrean Tusk's voice resounded in his mind.

[All Mammoth Clansmen are a part of me. To my senses, they are akin to a Bone Slip. I have access to all information in their bodies.]

"Then…" His heart lurched as he stared at the Ovum, "Are you aware of my origin…?"

[Yes, you're my son!]

The ovum gently hovered in the air and touched him, merging into his body.

[It's only natural I support my son. I hope you succeed!]

[My son, Grehha!]



Chapter 30: Empyrean Incubator

'What…just happened?' Grehha was confused. Based on their conversation, he could confirm that the Empyrean Tusk could indeed access all the information in his body, including his brain like he was a Bone Slip.

The Mystic Bone Art was created by the Empyrean Tusks. The Mammoth Clansmen that cultivated this cultivation art lived on an Empyrean Tusk all their lives, drinking and eating the produce in the Empyrean Tusk's body.

Considering the treatment they received from the Empyrean Tusk, it could be considered that the Mammoth Clan was part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system, protecting it from external harm while also gathering the food necessary for its sustenance.

Since the Empyrean Tusk could read all the information in his mind, it meant it was aware of his origin from Earth, including all the plans he had. 'Then, why did it…she continue to stress and address me as her son?'

'That doesn't make sense.' He then patted his stomach, feeling the Ovum that had fused in him, 'Originally, I only intended to use the ovum as an item. But now, she used her powers to fuse it into me to make it a power of mine.'

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

In Sumatra, a cultivator could gain three natures, Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary. Generally, when a cultivator reached the Body Stage and fused their Spirit Container with a Pranic Beast, they gained the Pranic Beast's Primary Nature as their own.

If the Pranic Beast was a mutant, they also gained a Secondary Nature. But, getting a Tertiary Nature was impossible. Only a handful of cultivators had that in Sumatra Chronicles, and all of them were powerhouses among powerhouses.

Even Resha gained his Tertiary Nature only during the Fourth Major Disaster. Therefore, it was astounding how he managed to attain such power before even reaching the Body Stage.

'But, if the Empyrean Tusk hadn't used her power, this would have been impossible.' Grehha paused all of a sudden, terrified upon realising something, 'When…did I start referring to her as SHE instead of IT?'

When he thought about the 44th Empyrean Tusk, he felt emotional. There was also a sense of love and respect, something he only felt towards his mother. How did the 44th Empyrean Tusk become a matriarchal figure in his mind?

He couldn't understand. Even after knowing everything about his origin and his plans, the 44th Empyrean Tusk didn't kill him but instead support him. "What…the heck is this?"

After the Ovum fused into him, he couldn't hear her voice anymore. After wracking his brain for a few minutes, Grehha was still unable to make sense of the situation.

He cleared his mind and intended to focus on his future. He could worry about the rest after that. With that in mind, he made his way back, carefully sealing the entrance once he exited it. His purpose of the visit was done. He wasn't going back there ever again.

Therefore, it was best to erase all traces of his activities, lest any of the reincarnates stumble upon it and get assistance from the Empyrean Tusk.

Grehha returned to the Academy of Refinement and arrived at the cafeteria. He entered the kitchen and made his way to the storeroom, waving his hand towards the storeroom manager, "Sir, I have come again."

"Fucking brat!" The storeroom manager grumbled, "Just because the academy doesn't charge you for food and water doesn't mean you can take as much as you want!"

"It's only a problem if I were to waste the resources, right? I'm not going against our law." Grehha smiled cutely, "I'm working really, really hard, sir."

"These days, you're taking as much as twenty students' worth." The storeroom manager grumbled.

"Today should be the last day," Grehha patted himself proudly, "My exhibit got approved today. Tonight, I'm moving out of the academy dorms. The Clan's going to sponsor me after this."

"For real?" The storeroom manager was stunned before chuckling as he shook his head, "Fine, if you were acknowledged by the Clan, then that's good. Take as much food as you need. Just make sure to never waste anything."

"Resources are precious, alright?"

"Of course," Nodding as such, Grehha filled his trolley full of food and dragged it back to his room. It was a small room, but thankfully for him, it was on the ground floor.

So, he didn't have to strain himself by carrying anything on the flight of stairs like Inala.

Entering his room, Grehha stared at the bound Mud Vipers whose mouths had been sealed with a harness. At the sight of his arrival, they wriggled in anger, intending to break free.

But, he had expertly caged them, turning them helpless.

"It's time to eat," Saying so, he took out his bone sphere and targeted their weak spots, turning the Mud Vipers delirious. Using the chance, he removed their harness, forced food down their throats, and enclosed their mouths with the harness once again.

It was routine by now. He then patted the bodies of each, getting a feel for them using his Prana, and picked a pair of male and female Mud Vipers. He made them mate with each other and then placed them back in their respective cages.

Following that, he rested, tired after the day's events.

Instructor Mandu arrived during the evening and knocked on his door.

"Come with me," Instructor Mandu said once the door was opened.

"Yes, Instructor." Grehha followed the instructor to look for suitable homes to move into. After the First Minor Disaster, the population of the 44th Settlement was a mere twenty thousand, less than half its original.

More than half the homes were vacant. So, he had plenty of options to choose from. Grehha selected the biggest underground house he was eligible for. 'The Zingers would only target the settlement on the surface. So, staying underground keeps me safe most of the time.'

Underground homes were the most dangerous to be in during the Mud Viper invasion, due to their nature of moving in the creases. But once they enter the Zinger territory, they conversely became the safest.

Mammoth Clansmen didn't like any cowards that shied away from battles. But Grehha wasn't supposed to know about the Zingers yet. Therefore, in the eyes of Instructor Mandu, Grehha was picking a home that had just been raided by the Mud Vipers.

'He's daring. I'm liking him more now.' Instructor Mandu praised Grehha's courage and finalised the house.

For the next three hours, Grehha busied himself with the transportation of the Mud Vipers and all his things. Once he was done, he stared at his home that spanned over two hundred square metres in area, split between two floors.

It was the biggest house a student could ever get. 'There's plenty of space to expand the number of Mud Vipers.'



