Chapter 171 Precursor to a Minor Crisis

It was soon dawn as Inala returned home and slumped on his bed, resting. He had been constantly busy with a lot of things, oftentimes to the extent he had to forgo sleep.

'I just want to cultivate and roam Sumatra in peace.' He thought and closed his eyes, falling asleep immediately. Unfortunately for him, an Empyrean Zinger Scout arrived beside his bed in its miniature form, exiting from a tunnel entrance nearby.

It opened its mouth and let out a short screech. Inala's eyes shot open in response, slightly red. "Is that true?"

"Keek!" The Empyrean Zinger Scout said in response and retreated into the tunnel, closing the entrance behind it.

Inala sat up straight, frowning in thought, "Something's about to happen."

The Empyrean Zinger Scouts had been dispatched throughout Ellora City, located in crowded places where people refrained from using their Prana. It was the best place to remain hidden while spying around.

And after the night's ordeal, he sent hundreds of them outside, keeping them perched on the trees in their miniature forms. It was a contingency measure.

In the likelihood of Gudora, the Ellora City Lord figuring out his identity and going in for the kill, these Empyrean Zingers would swarm the city. As they were all Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, the city would enter a state of full alert.

That would ensure Gudora would have to focus on thwarting the crisis first. He might resort to jailing Inala after breaking his limbs to prevent him from escaping.

As long as that happened, Inala would survive. He could easily recover from such an injury and wait for Asaeya to rescue him.

Moreover, these dispersed scouts would also serve as his information network, casting a wide net over the region. He had just returned after casting the net when a concerning piece of news was discovered.

The water level of the river flowing through the Ganrimb Kingdom was steadily declining. It had already declined by a couple of metres overnight and was only accelerating in pace.

That was already a cause for concern, as reported by people who exited the city at dawn to travel around. The Empyrean Zinger Scouts tailed after a few informed people who were sons and daughters of the city's powerhouses.

Through the information gained from them, Inala realised that this wasn't an ordinary event. And the meeting he was invited to was related to it.

'Is it a Minor Crisis for the Ganrimb Kingdom?' Inala thought. Upon coming to this conclusion, he couldn't sleep. A Minor Crisis was too dangerous to take lightly.

He survived the First Minor Crisis only because of his location. His settlement lost half its population as a result. This wasn't a normal group of people but Mammoth Clansmen, twenty thousand of them.

Moreover, they were situated atop an Empyrean Tusk, fighting in favourable conditions. Also, once the 44th Empyrean Tusk moved far enough away from the Mud Viper nest, the First Minor Crisis ended prematurely.

It was because the Mud Vipers disliked being far away from their home.

But things would be different on flat ground. The invading party would be arriving in full force and wouldn't disperse until every last one was killed.

The strength of the people here was vastly inferior to the Mammoth Clan. Moreover, there were too many people.

The Mammoth Clan's strength in the 44th Settlement was concentrated in the forty-plus thousand Clansmen. Everyone could fight, including the students, since they were primarily trained for that.

But Ganrimb Kingdom wasn't like that. There were too many people belonging to non-combat professions. Therefore, when disaster strikes, the combative personnel would be dispersed throughout the large Kingdom, spread too thin while protecting the largely helpless population.

As a result, something on the level of a Minor Crisis would be ten times more dangerous here. It was why Inala became restless, 'Why now? Two years later, my preparations would have been perfectly complete. I would have left after that.'

He got up, dressed flashily, slung his Storage Lantern to his hip, and exited Ellora City through its front gates. Once he was away from view, he changed into his Mammoth Clan clothes that were comfortable to move around and fight in.

Armed with his two Prana Hands and two Life Hands, Inala rushed in the direction of the river. A couple of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the vicinity landed on his head and hid between his hair.

He went through their memories and gained further understanding of the situation at hand. He arrived at the river and indeed was able to notice its drop in level. But that wasn't all. He could see some Slump Lizards swimming deeper in the waters, agitated for some reason.

He observed their reaction as his expression turned solemn, 'They're afraid. What is the enemy to induce such a strong reaction in them?'

"Kieek!" He suddenly heard a sound and rushed in the respective direction, arriving before a massive cactus. There was a tiny hole in it, one created by an Empyrean Zinger Scout three years ago.

The scouts entered through it and spied upon the Mollusc Tribe living within. In regular intervals of a week, one of the scouts would exit and transmit the information to the Empyrean Zinger King making its way to Ellora City.

The Empyrean Zinger King would then inform Inala through a Bone Slip it chucks at him like it did with the Prana Bombs.

But now, the scout brought forth disturbing news.

Raising his body weight through his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, Inala kicked the cactus and slammed open its entrance, sensing a thick stench of blood immediately. He rushed down the flight of stairs and arrived at the large dome, "What the…fuck is this?"

Everyone part of the Mollusc Tribe was lying down on the ground as corpses in their transformed states. Their transformations seemed to have been activated for extended durations, causing their mutations to go wonky, leading to multiple organ failures.

Adding to that were their bodies that were made to forcefully collide with each other, in a method similar to controlling Spirit Weapons. It was apparent that the Carcass Snail had taken action to get rid of its Ravaged Tribe.

Inala stared down at the Carcass Snail that was gradually shifting its massive body into the dome. Originally, half of its body peeked into the river. But now, it was planning to hole up in the dome, secreting a mucous that upon mixing with its Shell Moss created a chitin armour to patch up the hole.

Inala observed the Carcass Snail, noticing that safely tucked in its body were two Mollusc Tribesmen, a boy, and a girl, barely adults by this world's standards. They were being protected by the Carcass Snail.

After all, their transformation as Mollusc Tribesmen was the most advanced in the Tribe. Hence, the Carcass Snail prioritised protecting only them, with the intention that as long as they were alive, it could repopulate the Tribe. They'll be better than the current Mollusc Tribe.

It was gorging on as much of the river bed as possible, preparing to hibernate for a long time. The fact that even an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast was taking such drastic measures to hide could only mean the approaching danger was that much horrifying.



Chapter 172 Everyone Flees

Managing a large population was easier said than done, especially in terms of food. If they were to seek refuge, the food requirements would be astronomical. No matter how much was saved up, the reserves would be drained through rapidly.

Upon arriving at that conclusion, the Carcass Snail gave the order to its Mollusc Tribe, causing the Tribesmen to commit suicide by killing each other. It only spared the most evolved boy and girl, for they were the fruits of its efforts.

As long as they were alive, it could recreate the Mollusc Tribe to full strength in a couple of decades. They'll be superior to the existing Mollusc Tribe, so the Carcass Snail wasn't even concerned by their deaths.

The sole intention behind its actions was to conserve resources. Feeding two Tribesmen was nothing in comparison.

The Carcass Snail intended to hole itself within the dome, having created it for such a use in the first place. But it wasn't a mobile creature and hence could only move slowly. And while it did so, it began to close up the entrance, masking it to resemble the surroundings, concealing its location perfectly.

By now, the Carcass Snail had noticed Inala's presence, since he wasn't exactly subtle about it. But it didn't attack him and only stared at him warily upon sensing his strength.

The Carcass Snail had reached maturity, so it was terrifyingly strong. In comparison, Inala was still in the initial phase of the Body Stage. But, he possessed three Natures. That elevated the sense of danger he exuded to terrifying levels, which was what made it nervous.

Even though it had the confidence to kill him, it would lose too much in response. Injuries, depletion of Prana, traces of battle, and worst of all, destruction of its hiding place. If it left too many traces, then its location would be discovered by whatever it wishes to hide from.

Hence, the Carcass Snail didn't dare make a move, only hoping for Inala to take his leave.

"The three of you stay here." Inala allocated three Empyrean Zinger Scouts to keep watch over the place and returned to the surface, now even more nervous.

If the Carcass Snail could move like a normal Pranic Beast, it would have vacated the place already. Its body language was screaming that intention.

He had a bad feeling as Inala quickly made his way to the Rockatrice's location, observing the same situation there too. All Rooster Tribesmen except two had been killed. These two were brought to the lake at the top of the tallest mountain and placed inside a cave.

After closing the entrance with a boulder, the Rockatrice retreated deeper into the lake, erasing all traces of its existence.

Moreover, even the formless pressure exerted by the walls forming its settlement vanished. The Rockatrice retracted its power, causing the walls around its settlement to simply resemble a natural mountain range.

Its actions caused the Empyrean Zingers to be in a state of fluster. Upon his arrival, the Empyrean Zinger Queen landed on his head in her miniature form, allowing him to access her memories and understand everything the Rockatrice had done.

"Get ready to leave this place." Inala informed the Empyrean Zinger Queen, "Collate all your accumulations and pack up. We're leaving tonight."

He then headed to the Pearl Tribe which was controlled by the Rooted Clam and the Guardian Tribe controlled by the Boutique Lizard. The situation was the same in both places.

The Boutique Lizard was an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the strongest of the five.

Primary Nature—Pranic Beast Registry!

Through this power, the Boutique Lizard was capable of birthing other races, as long as it held their genetic data. Even though its powers were limited to Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, unable to control the Pranic Beasts it birthed, it was in the Mammoth Clan's list of the most sought-after Pranic Beast egg.

But as it was an incredibly rare Pranic Beast, the Mammoth Clan had yet to find one. It was why Inala intended to originally leave after two years. By his calculations, all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in the region would have laid their eggs by then.

He would steal them and make his way to the Brimgan Empire. Moreover, the Empyrean Zinger Queen would have matured enough by then to create her own Ravaged Tribe. With his help, the success rate would have been higher.

All Slump Lizard eggs were created by the Boutique Lizard. It was the driving force behind this region's power balance, creating the external threat necessary for the five Ravaged Tribes to grow.

But now, even it was hiding itself, having stopped the creation of Slump Lizard eggs. It dumped whatever it created into the river and retreated deep into a volcanic mountain to find its Tribe.

However, unlike the rest, it didn't stop with sparing only two of its Tribesmen. Rather, it carried a couple dozen of them on its back and sprinted towards the Sandy-Grey Void. The rest of the Tribe were simply abandoned in their home, not informed of anything.

Unaware, they continued about with their daily lives, only wondering where the Boutique Lizard was heading with a small group of Tribesmen.

The Boutique Lizard was only incapable of moving while laying its eggs. Otherwise, it was a decently agile creature.

Inala trailed after it by turning his body lighter, making long leaps to easily keep up with its sprint. He hid behind a boulder upon arriving close to the Sandy-Grey Void, watching the Boutique Lizard make faint purrs at the border.

Slowly, an opening appeared in the Sandy-Grey Void, revealing an island patch that spanned a hundred metres in area. It was a normal-looking piece of land, created exclusively for the Boutique Lizard that landed there and slumped, closing its eyes to begin its hibernation.

A large shell revealed itself from the grey sand. It was the Mudropper. It opened its mouth and sucked in the Guardian Tribesmen. It then stared at the Boutique Lizard as the two seemed to trust each other a lot, conversing primitively.

The Mudropper retreated into the grey sand and reached a depth of hundred metres, leading into an underground dome where its Ropper Tribe lived. It allowed the Guardian Tribesmen to seek refuge there.

No Pranic Beast would dare enter the Sandy-Grey Void. Therefore, the Mudropper was the only Pranic Beast that wasn't in a state of fluster. It even provided refuge for the Boutique Lizard and its most promising Guardian Tribesmen.

Encased by a Prana Bomb, Inala sent four Empyrean Zinger Scouts to this shelter, intending to keep watch over their actions. This was the first time he saw the Mudropper, for it was always elusive in nature.

Now that he had seen the actions of all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts that have been scheming in this region, he decided. Since all of them unanimously decided to flee, he had more than enough confirmation. Based on the sense of urgency they displayed, he predicted the Minor Crisis to strike within a week.

'It's best to flee. Or in the worst-case scenario, I can take refuge within the Sandy-Grey Void like before.' Thinking as such, Inala tasked the Empyrean Zingers to make the construct while he returned to Ellora City, intending to inform Asaeya.

But the moment he entered the city, a scout alerted him, causing his complexion to ashen. He hurried home and entered it, staring at the figure of Asaeya seated in the living room. Sitting before her was Gudora, having made an appearance as if he instinctively felt Inala's desire to flee.

"You're here, Master Inala," Gudora spoke, his eyes no longer carefree like before. Now, they expressed his resolve, to see through things decisively.



Chapter 173 There’s a Reason I’m Arrogant

"You're here, Master Inala." Gudora lifted his head and calmly stared at Inala, "Where were you all along?"

"I have been waiting here since morning."

"I…" Inala shot a glance at Asaeya, quickly noticing that one of the Prana Bombs embedded in her bracelet was missing. That wasn't supposed to happen, but through his attention to detail, he noticed a small, almost invisible to the naked eye wood splinter next to her feet.

Based on the location, it was apparent that it was a result of the Prana Bomb being forcibly yanked out from her bracelet. And despite her trying to hide it, Inala had been with her for three years. He had a great understanding of this disciple of his.

Asaeya was being forced to act nonchalantly. And she was being threatened to do so. There was only one thing that she could be threatened with.

Since Gudora wasn't emitting his Prana, Inala could take action. He extended a stream of Prana from his feet and seeped it into the ground, making contact with a node in the tunnel network situated twenty metres deep.

He made contact with the Empyrean Zinger Scout seated there, using it to understand all information that was being exchanged in the tunnel network. From there, he obtained a scene of Hanya seated in the adjacent room, calmly eyeing Erwahllu. But anyone could understand that she was keeping an eye on baby Gannala who was in Erwahllu's embrace.

'They have threatened Asaeya with baby Gannala. That's why she's unable to do anything.' Technically, she could use her Prana to steal all the senses of Gudora and Hanya. Through that, she could retaliate and make her escape.

But she hadn't done that, for she wasn't privy to the entire picture. Hence, she didn't wish to act hasty and wait for Inala. Moreover, even if she stole their senses, things would go wrong if either Gudora or Hanya were to split their bodies. And in the fraction of a second it'll take her to steal the senses of all the new bodies that appeared, Hanya's attack would reach baby Gannala.

Hanya was strong enough that her attacks could one-shot baby Gannala. Empyrean Tusk she might be, but baby Gannala had no combat experience. She also hadn't tapped into the combat experience archives part of her inheritance.

She was merely three years old. And if she were to sustain an injury that wounded her potential, then everything they sacrificed for would go up in flames. The Mammoth Clansmen of the 44th Settlement that were waiting for baby Gannala would despair when after two decades of patience, all they received was a wounded Empyrean Tusk that couldn't even perform its usual functions.

If a battle were to erupt, they had too much to lose. Hence, Asaeya dared not act.

In two seconds, Inala had the full picture. He bowed during that duration, using his respectful actions to comprehend the situation, speaking, "I had gone out for a bit."

"And your reason being?" Gudora asked, his words lacking the respect he showed the previous day.

'He knows, huh?' It would be a mockery of his intelligence if Inala hadn't figured it out yet. Gudora had discovered their identity of being Mammoth Clansmen. 'Then, I need to change the way I approach the situation. It seems a fight is inevitable. That means my approach should be in regards to exerting dominance.'

"I heard some rumours," Inala said and made eye contact with Gudora, not displaying the slightest hint of weakness. This wasn't the time to remain humble, "About tomorrow's meeting, I mean."

"So, I went out to check."

"You heard some rumours?" Gudora neither affirmed nor denied. Instead, he calmly took out a spherical crystal from his pocket and placed it on the table, "Through this, I mean?"

"What is that?" Inala asked. But in truth, he knew, 'It seems my slipup alarmed him.'

It wouldn't be a lie to say Inala didn't get slightly cocky after the three years. After all, he had a lot of means to do the things he pleased and wielded enough power to make his dreams a reality. Hence, even though he was cautious, he made a mistake.

No matter the level of caution he exercised, sending Empyrean Zinger Scouts after an 8-Life Stage cultivator was too risky. And the spherical crystal before him contained the body of one of the scouts that had committed suicide, despite being invisible to the naked eye.

Gudora had no idea of what it was or what had actually happened. His goal was to probe here. Staring at Inala, he raised an eyebrow, "It seems you don't have a full grasp of the situation…"

"Oh, I do." Inala cut off Gudora mid-sentence, stating, "Your wife is holding my daughter hostage. So, let me ask you this."

He stepped closer to Gudora and sported a bright smile while his eyes were unreasonably calm, "It seems you don't have a full grasp of the situation."

"Are all Mammoth Clansmen this arrogant?" Gudora's expression turned chilly, "You are forgetting something."

"Your Clan isn't here." He raised his index finger and tapped once, turning the chair he was seated upon into crystal dust, "In my territory, I alone can act arrogant."

"Not you."

"You can either state your objective for coming here despite knowing my identity," Since the opponent expressed his hostility, Inala didn't hold back any longer, "Or I can prove the reason for my arrogance."

"You dare?" Gudora grunted, unleashing torrential waves of Prana that billowed out of his body like a volcanic eruption. His energy burst was a signal for Hanya to take action as she clenched her hand into a fist and punched forth, aiming for baby Gannala.

But suddenly, dozens of Prana Bombs appeared between the two, acting like a shield. The Prana Bombs shattered from the impact, but not before absorbing a good amount of her Prana.

The liquid that flowed out of the broken Prana Bombs was filled with the Prana stolen from her. Baby Gannala opened her mouth and sucked in the fluid, burping in satisfaction, "Now that's some quality meal."

Swoosh! Swo-Swo-Swoosh!

Dozens of Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms revolved around baby Gannala in a protective embrace. Each held a Prana Bomb, ready to retaliate. If so many were to slam into Hanya, she would be drained of all Prana.

Bang!

A loud thunderclap resounded in the living room as the walls shattered. Gudora held his hands in a cross before his chest, having transformed them into crystals. There was a small dent on one of them as a Prana Bomb spun rapidly.

The impact had sent Gudora reeling back for a dozen metres, causing him to break through the walls in the living room and the rooms past it.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

The Prana Bomb's rotation speed was deadly as even though Gudora's power intended to crystallise it, as the Prana Bomb rapidly absorbed all the Prana within the power, it wasn't getting crystallised yet.

Before he arrived, Inala prepared a little, since he was alerted by the scouts in advance of the situation. He took out the Sumatra Zinger and slung it around his hip, making the nozzle pointed forward.

Since such a weapon didn't exist in Sumatra, Gudora didn't seem bothered by it. That was why he couldn't react on time when the Sumatra Zinger shot the Prana Bomb at him, causing him to be sent reeling away.

Arriving at a stop, he grunted, causing the Prana Bomb to crystallise before it shattered into dust. The Prana Bomb had absorbed sixty Prana in that short interval. And since he had destroyed it, that all went to waste.

Inala's goal with the shot was only to buy time to prepare. Empyrean Zingers flew out of the vents in his house in large numbers, surrounding Inala who glared at Gudora, "You see now?"

"There's a reason I'm arrogant."



Chapter 174 You’re a Mammoth Clansman

The previous night, once Gudora and Hanya arrived at the City Lord Estate, an investigation had been conducted upon Hanya's urging.

In a matter of hours, a long scroll was brought to Gudora. It contained Inala's purchase history, not limited to him alone but anyone and everyone related to him.

Upon staring at it, Gudora was surprised, "Why does a Theatre owner require all this?"

Medicines, Elixirs, Cultivation Techniques, large volumes of food, and most of all, frequent commissions to cartographers and explorers. Pretty much every single map in the market, whether legit or fake had been procured by Inala through a variety of channels.

He also bribed higher officials with large sums of money and valuable resources to purchase whatever maps were in their possession. This started around thirty months ago and the scale of activity was increasing every month.

It was exorbitant in the past month when Inala met the Ellora City Counsellor at the latter's home in what seemed to be a casual get-together. But strangely, the Counsellor's lacking son became a genius overnight.

He suddenly seemed to possess a bunch of Skills to excel in any situation. The City Counsellor did his best to hide that and make his son gradually reveal his talents bit by bit. But Gudora had an iron grip on the city's information network, having been developing it generation after generation.

He had plants in the houses of every single noble. And through them, he got hold of this information, muttering in realisation, "Whoever this guy is, he's not simple."

"He has large ambitions. And his actions seem as if he's preparing an army."

"That's why I couldn't bring myself to trust him." Hanya commented, "Externally, he seemed too perfect. And whatever background he had is pretty much forged. There's no evidence to back it, but for some reason, all the related institutions claim his background to be valid. That's only possible if they have been bribed significantly."

"Hah, I didn't want to suspect him." Gudora sighed, "I don't have any evidence. Moreover, he's too powerful. Too many people worship him like he's their hero."

"He singlehandedly turned around and made prosperous the lives of thousands." Hanya analysed, "The moment we take any legal action, these people would stand in his defence and would even give up their lives for his cause. After all, to date, he has only done good for them."

"That's the issue," Gudora frowned, "There's not a single blemish in his records. We don't have the justification to make an enemy out of him. If I do, even the City Councillor will move against me. Inala is the sole reason his useless son became a genius with a bright future."

"If there isn't a reason, we'll make one." Hanya said, her eyes turning cold, "He's a smart guy. As long as we reveal the mildest of inclinations to harm his precious daughter, he'll figure it out and retaliate in response. But in the eyes of others, we wouldn't have done anything."

"Is this the right thing?" Gudora stated in worry.

"We have no other choice," Hanya muttered, "The water is depleting from our river at a rate dozens of times faster than our records. What we're facing will be a disaster unlike any in the past. Based on the prediction from our scholars before, the upcoming disaster shouldn't have been this dangerous. But in the past three years, there was an accelerated activity. And this date perfectly coincides with Inala's arrival."

"I fear he's the one that has accelerated the disaster to an unprecedented level of danger."

"Moreover, there are no records of him using the large quantities of food and medicines that he had purchased." Hanya said, "What if he's a Tribesman acting under the orders of the Centingers? Have we confirmed if he's a Free Human yet?"

"Isn't he always mingling around Life-Stage cultivators? We would have noticed it by now if he used his Prana…" Gudora stopped, muttering in realisation, "He has never used his Prana before us."

"No one knows what his Human Avatar is made out of."

"There's no guarantee he has one either," Hanya said, her expression solemn. The duo discussed throughout the night, and once dawn approached, one of their soldiers informed them of Inala leaving the city.

"Let's go," Hanya said, "If he's a Tribesman, his daughter too would be one. She looks too similar to him to not be his child."

Half an hour later, a luxurious carriage stopped before Inala's house. Gudora and Hanya got out, observing the servants open the door as they entered the living room.

Gudora released a tinge of his Prana and observed the servants, whispering, "They are all Free Humans."

A minute later, Asaeya rushed into the living room, bowing in apology, "Please be seated. I apologise for not greeting you beforehand."

"That's fine with me." Gudora said and smiled politely, "I had something urgent to discuss with Master Inala. Hence, I had to come here unannounced. Please forgive me."

"No, no, you needn't apologise, City Lord." Asaeya waved her hands in a hurry, "I'm not sure when my husband would return. He went out of the city."

"Oh, he went alone?" Gudora expressed shock, "Isn't he only at the Body Stage? Aren't you worried something will happen to him?"

"There's only Slump Lizards outside. And they don't emerge during the day." Asaeya didn't seem to mind the question, "So, there's no trouble in strolling outside."

"I wonder…" Gudora trailed off. At his signal, Hanya got up and entered the nearby room, staring at the figure of baby Gannala sleeping next to Erwahllu.

"Oh, let me show you around the house…" Asaeya got up, masking her worry as she intended to guide Hanya around. She argued and fought with baby Gannala all the time. But at the end of the day, she was a Mammoth Clansman and baby Gannala was an Empyrean Tusk.

A Mammoth Clansman's primary concern was always an Empyrean Tusk, especially against an external party such as Hanya. Asaeya felt something was amiss and hence intended to intervene, unwilling to allow Hanya to come into contact with baby Gannala.

"It's fine…" Saying so, Hanya's figure flashed as she swerved around Asaeya and grabbed baby Gannala, intending to seep her Prana in her and observe whether or not she was a Free Human. But a moment later, she was stunned, exclaiming, "She doesn't budge."

Her voice was soft, but Gudora heard it. If even Hanya felt perplexed, then baby Gannala must weigh beyond what a human ought to. His hand flashed forward and grabbed Asaeya by her wrist, speaking curtly, exerting pressure on her, "Sit down."

"W-What is happening?" Asaeya expressed fluster externally, but internally, she was ready to unleash her strongest attack.

Crack!

Her intent to attack was interrupted by a cracking sound. When Gudora grabbed her wrist, his grip damaged her bracelet, causing one of the bulges on it to break off, revealing a miniature Prana Bomb inside.

Gudora flicked a tinge of Prana towards Asaeya. The Prana barely dug skin deep into her before his expression turned solemn, "You…"

"You're a Mammoth Clansman!"



Chapter 175 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 1)

The moment Hanya entered the room, Erwahllu froze up in response. Immediately, memories of the past flickered past her mind. She recalled the faces of her son and daughter-in-law who were killed by soldiers under Hanya's orders.

Upon seeing Hanya grab baby Gannala, Erwahllu seethed in anger. After her son died, she simply lived like a corpse, waiting for the day her death approached.

But for the past two and a half years, she had an enjoyable life, watching baby Gannala's growth. She recalled the day baby Gannala turned two years old and suddenly began speaking a string of words without rest, expressing a level of intelligence vastly superior to her age.

"Inala," Erwahllu approached Inala later that night, after baby Gannala and Asaeya had fallen asleep.

Seated in the living room, Inala had been observing a map that he had just purchased. When she called him, he rolled up the map and motioned for her to take a seat.

"Grandma, do you want some tea?" He got up and entered the kitchen, preparing some.

"Thank you," Erwahllu sat in a comfortable cushion, staring at the mansion that now stood in the place of her dingy home. Inala had rebuilt and renovated the place luxuriously. His Theatre too had kicked up a notch, bringing him a lot of revenue, making him a busy person.

That meant he only had limited time to be at home, causing baby Gannala to spend most of her time with Erwahllu. As a result, both developed a close bond.

Sipping the tea that Inala brought, Erwahllu pieced through her thoughts and asked, "Tell me the truth."

"Who exactly is she?" She asked, "Is she really your daughter?"

"Isn't she starting to resemble me?" Inala tilted his head in confusion, "Why are you wondering about that, grandma."

"I'm not talking about her appearance. She indeed looks like you. But that's not what I'm getting at," She stared at Inala in all seriousness, "Tell me the truth."

"Is Gannala even human?"

"Are you sure you want to learn the truth?" Inala asked, "Grandma, please know that I won't be revealing it to you without the associated consequences."

"That's fine with me." Erwahllu nodded, "I will die any day now. So, I'm not concerned about that. I just wish to know the truth. Who exactly is Gannala? And in extension,"

She stared at Inala, "Who are you really?"

"We are Mammoth Clansmen." Inala said, "And Gannala is a Mammoth Clan Princess."

"I see…" Erwahllu nodded, satisfied, "Are all Mammoth Clansmen as smart as her?"

"If that was possible, we would be controlling all of Sumatra," Inala laughed, "Only a Mammoth Clan Princess is special."

He stared at her, "Are you repulsed because we aren't Free Humans?"

"Maybe I would have cared when I was younger." Erwahllu snorted, "But at my age, I can't bring myself to feel such attachments. Besides, I'm simply staying as a guest in your home until the day I die. So, I don't care."

"Gannala is a sweet child. Slightly selfish, but pure by heart." Erwahllu got up slowly, "I treat her as my granddaughter. And do you know, Inala?"

She grinned, "She calls me grandma with all her heart. It warms me to see her grow."

Staring at Inala's trembling hands, she spoke softly, "So, you needn't look at me like that. I won't do anything that'll sabotage your existence. Unless of course, you plan to destroy us."

"I'm not a psychopath," Inala muttered, "I'll be leaving this place in a couple of years. We have simply stopped here to prepare for our journey to Brimgan Empire."

"I wish you success then," Erwahllu yawned and returned to her room, staring at the figure of a sleeping baby Gannala, "I'll raise her well."

"Haah…" Inala sighed, retracting the Prana in his hands. If Erwahllu displayed the slightest intent to sabotage his plans, he intended to kill her. Thankfully, nothing happened like that, 'It would have weighed on my mind had I killed her.'

Returning to the present, Erwahllu stared as dozens of Empyrean Zingers revolved around baby Gannala in a protective formation. Asaeya rushed to her rescue, unleashing sounds that stole Hanya's senses.

But suddenly, Hanya's body flickered as she swapped her body with another. Only the senses of the previous body had been stolen. The new one was in its pristine state.

She activated her Human Avatar in full swing, transforming into a swamp-like humanoid with acidic properties. Prana Bombs slammed into her body but melted in a matter of seconds. The swampy fluids simply dispersed the momentum behind the impacts as Hanya closed in on baby Gannala.

"Don't you dare touch her!" Erwahllu shouted as she took out a dagger that had been passed down through her family for generations. Followed by a roar, she stabbed it into Hanya, causing the contact area to turn into ice.

"That's a decent weapon you got there," Hanya muttered as a tendril shot out of her body and spilled onto Erwahllu's forehead, melting through the latter. In an instant, Erwahllu turned into a puddle.

With barely any Prana, she was too weak and outclassed here, hence one-shotted by the 4-Life Stage cultivator, Hanya.

Thankfully, Erwahllu's sacrifice bought enough time for Asaeya to arrive between Hanya and baby Gannala. Six Spirit Weapons floated around her and attacked Hanya while she used her powers to rob the senses of both Hanya and Gudora.

But she couldn't do anything beyond that. The moment her Spirit Weapons came into contact with Hanya, they melted, rendering them useless. It was a bad matchup.

"Grandma! No!" Baby Gannala screamed in sadness as tears streamed out of her eyes. She glared at Hanya, inhaled a deep breath, and puffed through her mouth, unleashing a sonic boom as Hanya was sent flying away.

"What the heck was that?" Forming a pair of deep trenches in the floor as she dragged her feet to a halt, Hanya was surprised to see the level of power exhibited by baby Gannala, "How is a three-year-old this strong?"

Hanya slammed her palms together and expanded them to create a sludge film, tanking the Prana Bomb projectiles. After melting through them, she created a sludge whip and lashed at Asaeya, intending to incapacitate her.

Her goal was to capture Asaeya and baby Gannala to use them as a bargaining chip against Inala. Just before her attack landed on Asaeya, Hanya lost her sense of sight, hearing, smell, and touch.

Using that chance, Inala appeared behind her, carrying a bone paddle that was bigger than her body. He swatted her with force, having activated his Secondary Nature, sending her reeling into Gudora as her Human Avatar melted through his.

"Hanya! It's me!" Gudora grunted, watching the layer of crystals covering him melt in response. But Hanya was unable to hear his shouts, continuing to damage him. If he were to retaliate, she would suffer worse. Hence, Gudora was in a predicament.



Chapter 176 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 2)

Leaving behind one body to suppress Hanya, Gudora rushed out, retaining the power of his remaining seven bodies. With a flash of his hand, the region transformed into a crystal castle, giving him a terrain advantage.

Inala's legs began to be covered by a layer of crystal that was slowly creeping its way up. And the longer he remained in this terrain, the faster this crystal grew over his body.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala flexed his toes, creating enough power to shatter the crystal layer covering him. His sudden display of overwhelming power shocked Gudora.

Staring at the cracks that formed on the crystal-covered ground as Inala walked, he realised how heavy Inala was, asking, "Are you really a Mammoth Clansman?"

"Are you seriously asking it now?" Inala snorted, "You shouldn't have attacked me in the first place."

"That so?" Gudora created a crystal hammer and slammed into Inala, grunting upon seeing the latter defend it without flinching, 'I'm using the strength by stacking seven bodies. He's withstanding it without trouble?'

There was a qualitative difference between the Natures of Pranic Beasts at different Grades. Inala's Internal Inertial Gravity was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's Primary Nature. It was the strongest power under the Mystic Grade.

It was why the moment Inala activated it, he could go against Gudora. After all, the latter's Primary Nature was only Silver Grade.

Of course, this was only in terms of physical might. In terms of sheer ability, Gudora vastly outclassed Inala, since he was currently stacking seven bodies of himself into one. Meaning, his Primary Nature's effectiveness was reinforced seven times.

'I should change my attack.' Thinking as such, Gudora unleashed a mist, causing everything touched by it to transform into a crystal.

Inala created two Prana Bombs and activated his Mystic Bone Art, combining them into one before transforming them into a large fan. Through his Secondary Nature, he raised its density, allowing him to unleash a lot of force through it.

As he waved the fan, a fierce gust of wind was generated, sending the mist flying back at Gudora, preventing it from approaching anywhere close to him. Moreover, he directed the mist at Hanya, causing a layer of crystal to form on her body, immobilising her.

Gudora hurriedly retracted his power to ensure no harm was done to her.

Honestly, if he were facing Inala alone, he would have subdued the latter by now. But every time he attacked, his senses were stolen, preventing him from controlling his attacks to target Inala accurately.

And to escape from the ability, he had to switch bodies, which took a moment. And when he does so, he couldn't attack, allowing Inala to counterattack. This was all because of Asaeya.

Besides, even after changing his body, Gudora would still fall victim to her power, as she only had to activate it once again to steal his senses.

With Hanya no longer keeping her engaged, Asaeya had more than enough leeway to accurately target them.

Hanya was repeatedly switching her bodies in an effort to free herself from the loss of her senses. But Asaeya accurately timed her attacks, placing Hanya under the effects right after she switched a body. It was why Hanya was incapacitated and couldn't rejoin the battle.

"Surrender, Gudora." Inala said, using three Prana Bombs to create a hammer, "The next attack wouldn't be pretty."

By now, the Empyrean Zingers had taken position, ready to bombard Gudora with a rain of Prana Bombs. They unleashed their presence simultaneously, stacking everything into a singular whole, pressuring even Gudora, causing him to grunt in response.

"We have no reason to be enemies. So, why don't we stop this farce?" Inala asked.

"Farce?" Gudora snorted, "There has been a disturbance in the Red-Draft River since the day you appeared in my Kingdom. As a result, the disaster we face once a century suddenly grew many times stronger."

"Red-Draft River?" Inala blurted in shock, "What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Isn't the river in this region called the Angan River?" Inala was confused. Based on all the information he had obtained till now, he confirmed that the river passing through the Ganrimb Kingdom was called the Angan River.

He had never heard about it before, but considering how Sumatra Chronicles only recounted the places in a small region of the Sumatra Continent, he didn't consider something to be amiss.

"It was originally called the Red-Draft River before we renamed it the Angan River." Gudora said, expressing confusion, "Only the royalty ought to know its previous name. So, the fact that you recognise the name means you're involved."

'They renamed it?' Inala's face paled in response. All the gears in his brain whirred in a hurry, recalling everything he knew about Sumatra Chronicles. 'A disaster that strikes once a century, rapid depletion of the water before its arrival, and this happens in the Red-Draft River.'

"The Millinger Catastrophe…" Inala now understood what was happening, 'It's not that the Ganrimb Kingdom remained secluded and managed to not be detected by the Empyrean Tusk herd in Sumatra Chronicles. Red-Draft River comes within the herd's route. The fact that the Ganrimb Kingdom never appeared despite that is apparent enough.'

He stared at Gudora, 'They're annihilated in the upcoming days.'

"Kieek!"

"Kuaak!"

Suddenly, incessant shrieks resounded from the Empyrean Zingers placed throughout Ellora City. 'Damn! This is the worst timing.'

"Die!" Inala growled and combusted half his Prana reserves, condensing them all in his right leg as its density increased to the extreme. He lifted his right leg and slammed into the crystal floor with force, causing an earthquake.

"You're mad!" Gudora shrieked in a fluster as he erected multiple pillars throughout the region, propping up the falling ceilings of the nearby houses. Screams resounded as many people were alarmed by the collapsing houses.

The earthquake travelled for more than a hundred metres, causing all the walls there to collapse in response. If not for Gudora's prompt response in erecting pillars to prop up the ceilings, many people would have been squished.

Dust billowed throughout Inala's house as he lifted his leg and stared at the tunnel entrance that was revealed at its bottom. This led straight to the store room where he had stored all his Prana Bombs and excess Life Bombs.

Stage 1—Jaw!

Transforming his jaw into an Empyrean Zinger's, Inala opened his mouth wide, watching miniature Empyrean Zingers leap from the tunnel and throw miniature Prana Bombs into his mouth. They were rapidly emptying the store room, pouring everything into his stomach.

Inala consumed Prana voraciously and transformed his stomach into a biome, allowing for the storage of all the Prana Bombs.

In the meantime, controlling his Four Storey Storage Lantern and Sumatra Zinger like they were Spirit Weapons, Inala placed them in Asaeya's custody, informing her through his Bone Slip in her possession.

[Run! Now!]



Chapter 177 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 3)

[What happened, Inala? Let's run together!]

Asaeya was stunned by his change in tone, hurriedly replying through her Bone Slip in his possession.

[This Kingdom's King will be here any moment now. He's too powerful! If we go together, he'll capture us all. I'll stay behind to buy time. Head to the Sandy-Grey Void and board the vehicle I made. The Empyrean Zinger Queen would be there shortly. She's capable of operating it. Don't stay in this region. Escape at full sprint until you reach the Guna Caves. Wait there for my arrival!]

Inala replied in a hurry and inscribed a map of the Guna Caves in the Bone Slip, pointing at the accurate spot where they would meet up later.

[Wait! What about you? If you stay behind, you'll be killed!]

Asaeya was in a state of fluster. As she said, if Inala were to stay behind, he would be killed. It was one-sided at present, but she was in love with him. Abandoning him was impossible for her.

[We don't have time! Just listen to me! Gannala's safety takes top priority. If she falls into the King's hands, he'll use her for his benefit. He's someone capable of that. So, run away!]

"Kuakk!" Inala unleashed a roar, informing the Empyrean Zingers of everything he needed to tell them. They'll take care of the rest, as there was enough of them to protect baby Gannala and Asaeya.

Inala threw a bunch of Prana Bombs that expanded to encase Asaeya and baby Gannala within. With a thought from him, the imprint in his Storage Lantern changed to Asaeya's Prana Signature. From now on, she'll be able to open and access its contents.

At present, it had the Empyrean Tusk bone powder, Elixirs, and Life Bombs—filled with Lifeforce. There was more than enough in them for Gannala's needs. Any more could be accumulated at a later date, since the Empyrean Zinger Queen would be accompanying them.

"Dada!" Baby Gannala screeched in protest, but a glare from Inala and she shut up, shedding tears in response, "Don't abandon meeee!"

The large Prana Bomb finished encasing them as the Sumatra Zinger stabbed into it, having finished absorbing enough air. With a thought from Inala, it unleashed the thrust, sending the large Prana Bomb flying in the air.

Over two hundred Empyrean Zingers in miniature form latched onto the large Prana Bomb, spreading their wings for an instant to give it the necessary lift, sending it flying high up in the air.

The remaining Empyrean Zingers used their Secondary Natures to leap into the sky, forming a cloud that covered the large Prana Bomb in its flight trajectory, stunning everyone in Ellora City who had arrived on the streets due to the commotion.

Suddenly, a group of the Empyrean Zingers unleashed a sharp cry. A menacing presence was rapidly approaching them.

Hearing the shout, Inala took out a Prana Bomb—filled with 100 Prana—and threw it lightly, making it cover a couple of metres in distance. Before it touched the ground, he rushed forth and kicked like it was a soccer ball after spiking his body's density to the maximum.

He transferred all the momentum into the Prana Bomb through the kick, causing it to blaze forth with a whistling sound. And while it flew, the 100 Prana in it was consumed, unleashing the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity to raise its density, making it weigh hundreds of kilograms.

It arched through the air and made a beeline towards the menacing presence that was rapidly closing in on the cloud of Empyrean Zingers. The Prana Bomb was like a flash of lightning as it slammed into the menacing presence and sent it reeling through dozens of buildings.

It shattered upon impact but had thwarted the enemy, gaining more than enough time for the cloud of Empyrean Zingers to leave Ellora City.

"You're not going after them, fucker!" Inala roared, having finished swallowing all the Prana Bombs he had stored underground. He also swallowed the remaining Empyrean Zingers that numbered close to eighty, storing them all in his biome.

At regular intervals, one of them would pop open a Prana Bomb and allow the biome to digest it, supplementing Inala's rapid Prana consumption.

The biome was tiny, a cramped space. Thankfully, all Empyrean Zingers remained in their miniature forms, hence taking up limited space in comparison to the Prana Bombs. Since the biome was tiny, his Prana consumption was within the limits that he could generate on time through Prana Bomb consumption.

'Now, I just need to endure torture for a short while.' Inala sighed for a moment before rushing towards Gudora to go on the offensive. His hammer slammed into the ground, causing another quake.

"Tch!" Gudora waved his hand, causing a hail to cover Inala and encase him in crystal. A second later, Inala broke free.

But since Asaeya was no longer at the scene, Inala was driven into a corner in a matter of seconds as both Gudora and Hanya ganged up on him.

Through the Mystic Bone Art, Inala covered himself with a layer of armour using his Prana Bombs, absorbing Hanya's and Gudora's Prana every time they attacked him. He fused his two Life Hands into his hand armour, ready to target at the right time.

"You're a freaking turtle!" Gudora grunted as he bombarded Inala with attacks. But the moment his crystal touched Inala, the Prana in them was absorbed, turning them brittle. And using the absorbed Prana, Inala mended the damage.

That was how he was able to hold on for so long. He truly was a tank with insane recovery speed. But that ended as suddenly, a giant with a golden crown landed behind him, reaching a height of eight metres.

It extended its hand and grabbed Inala, exerting pressure to shatter his armour instantly.

"Keuk!" Inala was prepared for this attack as he faced his palms covered by the Life Hands and touched the giant's palm, rapidly absorbing Lifeforce from the latter.

"Guh!" There was a grunt from the giant that let go of its hold. But a moment later, it swatted him into the ground like a bug, shattering his limbs. With that, the Life Hands crumbled, losing their power to absorb Lifeforce.

Like a rag doll, the giant lifted a bloodied Inala, muttering upon observing his limbs that were crushed into pulp, "That's better."

The giant vanished, and in its place stood a middle-aged man with an imposing presence. His bushy moustache dangled along the sides freely, reaching his shoulders. Every time he opened his mouth, it twitched like a serpent.

Ex-Prince of the Brimgan Empire, and founder of the Ganrimb Kingdom, the sole entity in the region to possess a Human Avatar made out of a Gold Grade mineral.

Ganrimb Kingdom's King—Fhoong Brimgan!

"Is this Mammoth Clansman the cause behind our worsening situation?" Staring at Gudora, Fhoong Brimgan asked with a commanding tone.

"We haven't confirmed it yet. But," Gudora said, "He's able to command a mysterious Pranic Beast race."

"Hmm…" Fhoong Brimgan stared at the unconscious Inala and slapped him awake, asking after a moment's observation, "What's your relationship with the Dieng Canyon Rulers?"



Chapter 178 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 4)

"What's your relationship with the Dieng Canyon Rulers?" Fhoong Brimgan asked as he observed Inala's broken body.

Pulpy limbs, cracked ribs, fractured skull, and ruptured organs. It was a wonder Inala was alive. Originally, Fhoong Brimgan intended to pummel Inala close to death's door. Following that, by treating him limitedly, he would wake Inala up and interrogate him.

But upon seeing that Inala's condition was a lot better than he had expected, Fhoong Brimgan had to change his plans and interrogate beforehand. He hadn't been to the Dieng Canyon, but he heard about the Zingers that ruled the region through some records at the Brimgan Empire he went through randomly.

And since they were protecting Inala, he assumed Inala had a relationship with the three Zinger Queens that controlled Dieng Canyon. That was how they dispatched a team of Zingers to protect him.

That was very far from the truth but information exchange was limited in Sumatra. And Fhoong Brimgan fled the Brimgan Empire. Hence, his education was lacking. After founding the Ganrimb Kingdom, he holed himself in the region to cultivate and develop the place.

Despite everything, he was the most knowledgeable out of everyone in the Ganrimb Kingdom. The fact that he recognised the Zingers itself was a wonder, something most Kingdoms didn't even know about.

The Dieng Canyon was very far from their location after all, without a proper path to travel towards it from their region.

"Why…do you care?" Inala wheezed but displayed no trace of fear, "Whatever I do is none of your business."

"It is if my Kingdom is involved in it," Fhoong Brimgan replied, subtly motioning Gudora to keep quiet in response to the disrespect Inala displayed. As long as Inala replied, Fhoong was confident in extracting the necessary information.

Limited clues were enough for him to piece together the whole picture.

"Let me be clear about one thing," While Inala spoke, an Empyrean Zinger shattered a Life Bomb in his stomach. He carefully circulated the lifeforce through the vital organs, healing them to the point his life wasn't in danger.

Earlier, when he was attacked, through Internal Inertial Gravity, he strengthened the most important parts and protected them, ensuring he would survive Fhoong's attack but still appear to be severely wounded to others.

"Whatever I did here was, is, and will never be a concern for your Kingdom." Inala expressed arrogantly, "If you think otherwise, the Mammoth Clan will explain it clearly in two years."

"Question them if you're confident enough."

"Are you threatening me?" Fhoong increased the strength in his palm, causing cracking sounds to resound from Inala's bones, "Do you think the Mammoth Clan will dare fight my Kingdom for a measly cultivator?"

"They might be strong enough to destroy my Kingdom, but the losses they'll face in the process will be devastating." Fhoong analysed calmly, acting as if he was merely a third party, "If they are wise, they wouldn't risk everything."

"Depends on the measly cultivator's status." Inala didn't even react at his bones developing more fractures, "And I can guarantee this."

"Kill me," He revealed a confident smirk, "And you'll all join me in the afterlife."

"Are you a Settlement Leader's son?" Fhoong snorted. But internally, he was nervous. Inala didn't even twitch at his bones getting crushed. His mind was way too strong for someone his age.

Fhoong was strong, but he didn't dare face the Mammoth Clan. Every single leader of Free Human civilizations knew very well the fact of the Mammoth Clan's tyranny. They had razed down many regions, whether human or Pranic Beast once offended.

Moreover, if the Empyrean Tusks were to personally take action, his Kingdom would be dust in a matter of hours. His strength didn't matter.

He could at most face three or four Settlement Leaders. But that was it. The various princes like Gudora could face a Settlement Leader each.

Even then, the Ganrimb Kingdom only had seven cities. Meaning, there were seven City Lords in total on Gudora's level.

In comparison, the Mammoth Clan had six times the number of powerhouses. Moreover, the average quality of Mammoth Clansmen was very high, capable of taking on at least three to four Free Humans at the same cultivation.

It wouldn't even be a fight. The Ganrimb Kingdom would be annihilated.

"I'm not a Settlement Leader's son," Inala said, smiling upon seeing the visible relief on Fhoong's face. His lips curved up wide as he uttered, sending waves of despair in the faces of Fhoong, Gudora, and Hanya, "I'm an Empyrean Tusk."

"So," He chuckled, "There you have it."

"E-Empyrean Tusk?" Fhoong's hands trembled as he let go of Inala subconsciously, staring at the man on the floor with pulpy limbs, "N-No, this isn't possible."

"An Empyrean Tusk cannot take on a human form…" He stopped speaking when Inala inhaled a deep breath of air, compressed it, and unleashed a powerful gale. He hadn't used his Prana externally to unleash that effect. But rather, it was a simple inhalation and exhalation that was unleashed with such power.

Only one existence could do that in Sumatra Continent. It was an entity worshipped as a Deity among many Free Human communities, the most feared and respected Pranic Beast.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tusk!

He wanted to refute it, but the power behind the Prana Bomb that slammed into him just before was vivid in his memory. Moreover, when he was rushing through Ellora City, he witnessed the intense quake personally.

Only Internal Inertial Gravity was capable of unleashing such a power.

"You're lying!" Hanya shrieked in fear, "You're not an Empyrean Tusk!"

"Sure, kill me then." Inala stated calmly, "You'll know the answer in two years."

"Two years…" Fhoong Brimgan thought of the last time he saw the herd at the Brimgan Empire. Since the century-long route of the Empyrean Tusk herd was famous, he calculated accordingly, 'There's seventeen years before they arrive at the Brimgan Empire. Based on that, they might pass through this region in two years. It's closer to the route they take alongside the Red-Draft River.'

"I will, then!" Hanya shouted and transformed her hand into acidic sludge, intending to kill Inala. But Gudora erected a wall of crystal between the two. Hanya glared at him, "Why are you stopping me?"

"This region is protected by the ring of Sandy-Grey Void. Empyrean Tusks won't approach this place." She argued.

"Wait a minute." Saying so, Gudora sprinted out and arrived on the city walls, waiting for a few minutes until he saw some soldiers return, "How's it? Did you capture them?"

"We apologise, City Lord!" The soldiers trembled in fear, "They entered the Sandy-Grey Void. B-But,"

"They were accompanied by flying monsters!"

"How many?" Gudora asked. His face paled as he heard the answer, recalling Inala's statement when he stated his reason for being arrogant.

3000 Empyrean Zingers!

That wasn't all. He saw a massive Pranic Beast perch upon a hill two kilometres away and stare his way like a hawk, oozing the strongest presence among the Empyrean Zingers he witnessed. It didn't do anything but simply stare. Slowly, it opened its mouth and uttered, "Chirp!"

It was loud, echoing throughout the city. In response, Inala's smile only widened, causing terror to churn within Fhoong's heart.



Chapter 179 Treasure Trove of Information

At least if they had captured Asaeya and baby Gannala, the Ganrimb Kingdom could have acted ignorant about Inala's existence if the Mammoth Clan were to arrive in the future.

But they had escaped. It meant that the truth would eventually reach the Mammoth Clan. When that happens, they would be fucked, without given any chance to plead for forgiveness.

"Shit!" Gudora stomped in anger and returned to a region of rubble at the centre of which were Fhoong and Hanya. He subtly shook his head, signalling that they failed to capture Asaeya and baby Gannala.

"You needn't act secretive." Inala teased, "They've already left this region. It's impossible for you to cover the traces of my existence. So,"

"What will you do now?"

'Damn, this fucker is completely relaxed.' Gudora was nervous upon staring at Inala. But suddenly, he thought of something and asked, "If you're truly an Empyrean Tusk, then your actions make no sense."

"First of all, you created a business here." He said, feeling more confident the longer he spoke, "You amassed a lot of wealth, uncharacteristic of an Empyrean Tusk that has no materialistic need. Secondly, you were raising an army of Zingers."

"That makes no sense."

"Oh, you're finally using your brain," Inala eyed Hanya for a moment, "Unlike someone that acts based on gut feeling here."

"I'll let you figure it yourself." Grinning in response, Inala uttered, "Gather a team of experts with detection prowess. Head to the Rooster Tribe settlement and find a cracked region among the walls. Dig the ground at the foot of the wall and do your best to sense the lifeforce present there."

"Come here when you do so," Saying so, Inala closed his eyes and daringly fell asleep.

"Send a team immediately," Fhoong took a seat next to Inala, "I'll keep watch here."

"Make the trip personally."

"Yes," Nodding in response, Gudora gathered his best team of scouts and rushed to the Rooster Tribe Settlement. As Inala had said, there was a damaged portion among the settlement walls. Even though it had been mended, it looked too damaged as compared to the rest.

"Dig here," He said and pointed at the foot of the wall, watching his team do so immediately. Soon, when they reached a depth of forty metres, they noticed faint traces of a fluid that had mixed with the soil there, surprisingly maintained as such.

And the deeper they dug, the more the mysterious fluid appeared. The best scout among the team scooped out a millilitre of the fluid and activated his Human Avatar, sensing faint traces of Lifeforce within the fluid, exclaiming, "Such a rich Lifeforce!"

"Is this even possible?"

"Anything else?" Gudora asked, frowning at the result, 'Is high-quality Lifeforce meant to imply something?'

"Let me take over," A young scout who hailed from a prestigious family line of scouts grabbed the fluid and activated his power, "I'll try to manifest any innate traces remaining within it."

The scout's Prana surged and seeped into the fluid, causing the image of a Pranic Beast with wings to appear for an instant before collapsing. But a moment later, the projection of a ravenous boar head appeared, expressing bottomless avarice.

Goosebumps formed on the scout's limbs as he dropped the fluid, muttering like a broken record, "B-B-Bo-Bo-Boar…"

"BOAR KING!"

"Are you serious?" Gudora's expression turned solemn as he ordered the team, "Double-check it! Did the Boar King really come here?"

Back at Ellora City, after a short nap, Inala opened his eyes upon hearing a screech. "They have returned."

The majority of the Empyrean Zingers left the region with Asaeya and baby Gannala. But the Empyrean Zinger Queen was worried. Hence, she left behind an Empyrean Zinger King along with a dozen Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Currently, they remained in the forest outskirts of Ellora City to inform Inala of whatever happened outside through their shrieks. Their blatantly obvious presence kept pressure on the people in Ellora City, preventing any drastic measures from being taken against Inala.

And it had worked wonders, for Inala had even safely taken a nap.

At his words, Fhoong Brimgan stared to the side and noticed Gudora arrive with a depressing expression, "What did you find out?"

"The Boar King visited this place three years ago." Gudora iterated his findings. "He spent a month here. We were unable to find out anything else."

"There you have it," Inala said, "I came here after learning of the Boar King's arrival."

"To do what?" Fhoong asked solemnly.

"The Boar King will return," Inala said with assurance, "The sole Mudropper of Sumatra exists here. In two years, it'll lay its eggs. The Boar King will return to consume it then. Hence, I've been raising an army of Zingers to trap him in the Sandy-Grey Void."

"That's pretty much it." He concluded, "I have no relation to the Centingers. Rather, the lot of you are foolish to live right in the centre of their mating bed."

"We know this is their mating bed." Fhoong snorted, "We were able to defend our Kingdom against the Centingers successfully until now. And we'll continue to do so."

"Good for you. It's not my concern." Inala shrugged and reverted to his male self, "Well, since my plans have been revealed, I'll ask it formally. You don't mind me doing my thing here, right?"

"Oh, absolutely, I do mind." Suddenly, Fhoong Brimgan revealed a grin and grabbed Inala, "The Mammoth Clan is terrifying, yes. The Empyrean Tusks are even more terrifying. That is even more obvious."

"But, if the Boar King will return in two years, I can't ask for better news myself." He commanded Gudora, "Imprison him."

"When the Boar King arrives, we'll bribe him with an Empyrean Tusk. He'll love it dearly." Fhoong spoke, seeing Inala's face turn ashen in response as he grinned, "The Mammoth Clan will not dare come anywhere near here after the Boar King's arrival. In the meantime,"

He stared at Hanya, "Interrogate this Empyrean Tusk for all its information. Each one is a treasure trove of information. We'll benefit tremendously through this and might even surpass the Brimgan Empire."

"Treasure Trove of Information," Gudora's eyes lit up as he stared at Inala, "I now understand how you turned the City Councillor's son into a genius. You used your vast seat of knowledge to equip him with Skills perfect for his cultivation technique."

"Everything's crystal clear now." Gudora saluted in excitement at Fhoong, "We'll extract everything, Father."

"Good," Fhoong nodded, "I'll send a team of experts to aid you in this. They'll record and analyse everything you find out."

He stared at the fear-struck expression of Inala, "This Empyrean Tusk came at the right time. Once we gain everything from it, we'll offer it up to the Boar King on a golden platter."

He left after leaving behind a statement, "I'll go speak to the Mudropper and tell it to widen the Sandy-Grey Void. As long as I supply it with enough resources, it can make the Sandy-Grey Void large and deep enough that even the Empyrean Tusks would refrain from entering it."

"You…you'll regret this!" Inala shouted.

"Oh, shut up!" Hanya slapped Inala, "We'll benefit a lot by selling you to the Boar King and also seek his protection. No one in Sumatra can go against him."

"So, give up!"



Chapter 180 Torture and Information

Ellora City!

Arriving at the prison beneath the City Lord estate was Hanya, in tow with Inala. Arriving at a cell, she threw him inside with force, "This is your home from today onwards."

"You…you'll regret everything." Inala gasped for breath and muttered.

"No longer arrogant, are we?" Hanya grinned and gagged him, preventing him from speaking. His limbs were already mushy. Hence, she nailed them to the floor, making eye contact with Inala to utter softly, "Be patient, alright?"

"We'll be spending a lot of time together from now onwards." Saying so, she erected a sludgy dome around Inala. No third party would be able to enter it, ensuring Inala wouldn't be able to escape too.

She then returned to the living room of the City Lord estate, staring at Gudora to speak, "Inala has been secured now."

"Good work," Gudora retired for the day, taking a nap, "Wake me up in a few hours. I need to prepare for tomorrow's meeting."

"Alright," Hanya nodded and returned to the prison, taking seat on a comfortable cushion as she downed some medicine and circulated her Prana, recovering from her injuries.

From time to time, she observed Inala, smiling upon seeing him remain put in place, 'Good, he's not creating a racket.'

Evening that day, she opened her eyes, having finished her recovery. She entered the cell and stopped before Inala, seeing that he had lost a mild amount of muscle mass, "Empyrean Tusks have a voracious appetite. How does going hungry for a change feel?"

"…" Inala stared at her in silence, not expressing anything.

"You don't need to talk. I have methods to strip information from your mind. But before they arrive," She brought a woman in her twenties who had drowned herself in debt.

"W-What should I do, Lady Hanya?" The woman asked, trembling.

"Bear his child…" Hanya hadn't even finished her sentence when a gust of wind slammed into them, knocking them to the end of the corridor where they slammed hard into the wall.

"You bastard!" Hanya shook her head, experiencing a mild concussion. She hurriedly circulated her Prana to heal the damage and swerved her head to the side, her eyes widening to see the woman was knocked unconscious, bleeding from multiple areas.

"Let's see how much you can resist." Snorting in response, Hanya snapped her finger, causing a couple of guards to escort the woman out. She brought another woman and entered the cell, being sent flying in response once again.

But this time, she observed that the strength behind the wind was a tad weaker, 'Your strength is depleting quickly. It's just a matter of time.'

Her plan was simple. She intended to have a woman bear Inala's seed. If it succeeded, they'll obtain an Empyrean Tusk's progeny. As long as they enslaved the progeny properly, they could use it to farm valuable resources.

An Empyrean Tusk's tusk was renowned across Sumatra as the hardest material. Moreover, it was the vital component necessary to make Storage Lanterns, the primary item sold by the Mammoth Clan.

The Ganrimb Kingdom would be able to develop at a stronger pace as a result.

Hanya didn't mind being sent flying, which was the other aspect of her plan. By showing her intention to make a woman bear Inala's seed, she was making him defend himself. As long as he continued to do so, his strength would be deprived eventually.

That would make it easy for her Intelligence Team to pry open Inala's mind and extract information out of him. They were carefully nurtured with Human Avatars to become experts in the field of the mind.

They regularly used it on the captured Slump Lizards to understand everything that was happening in the region. That was how Ganrimb Kingdom continued to prosper and remained at the top of things.

The Intelligence Team was already waiting at the City Lord estate. But they had zero combat power. Hence, even the gentlest of attacks would be critical towards them. It was why Hanya was making Inala use up all his power.

"Grr!" Inala raged, unable to speak while gagged. He inhaled a large volume of air and exhaled it sharply, sending another woman flying. But this time, the gust of wind only sent the woman flying halfway into the corridor.

It wasn't strong enough to slam her into the wall like the first time. Of course, the woman had barely ten Prana. So, she couldn't endure the impact, falling unconscious in response.

Hanya didn't mind that, since she had more women lying in wait. All of them were unable to pay their debts, having lost everything in gambling houses. Their fate was to be subjected to relentless labour at the mines.

Hence, Hanya could do whatever she pleased with them, promising them a future if they managed to bear Inala's child. It was why those women were desperate.

"Heh," Hanya chuckled upon seeing the gusts of wind weaken after every successive use. 'It's only a matter of time.'

She stared at Inala grunting nonstop, seemingly harnessing all the latent power in him, grinning sadistically, 'Futile struggles.'

Of course, she couldn't be farther away from truth. Inala was simply exercising his acting skills.

In the biome that his stomach had transformed into, an Empyrean Zinger cracked open a Prana Bomb, pouring it onto the stomach muscles. With Inala's activation of Mystic Bone Art, the fluid in the Prana Bomb was digested little by little, causing his Prana to recover.

He was steadily accumulating power but instead showed as if he was desperately holding on. There were plenty of Life Bombs in his biome, enough to make a full recovery and still have excess.

His goal was simply to buy a week's worth of time. By then, the Ganrimb Kingdom would be no more. 'The Millinger Catastrophe would begin shortly.'

The moment he knew what was about to happen, Inala planned accordingly to make Gudora and the rest mistake him to be an Empyrean Tusk. As they couldn't take responsibility for killing an Empyrean Tusk, upon getting clues that the Boar King would return, they would be happy to offer him to the Boar King and receive some benefits in return.

Inala led them on perfectly, making Fhoong Brimgan assume it was his idea when in actually, that idea was simply planted in his mind through the manner in which Inala machined the sequence of events and information delivery.

And as Inala expected, he was imprisoned. Now, he only needed to endure for a week to break free. Hence, he was acting to buy some time, making Hanya thing he was steadily expending all his strength.

Besides, he was curious about the Intelligence Team, 'I never knew of their existence before this. I want to see how good they are.'

Through his Mystic Skill Creator, Inala intended to derive a Skill that allowed him to gain information from his opponents, similar to his Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip but more forceful in nature. It was necessary for his future plans and since the best opportunity presence itself, he took action.

Fhoosh!

A woman was sent flying a few metres, only managing to startle her in response. Upon seeing that, Hanya grinned, snapping her finger as the Intelligence Team entered the prison.



