Chapter 431 You’re the Bro!

?431 You’re the Bro!

Asaeya's Tertiary Nature of Kinesis Rupture Deity allowed her to transform her Grim Knell form into a more humanoid entity—

giant in size. Its primary function was to condense a Spirit Weapon that carried all the pain she had endured through her life and seep it into the target every time the Spirit Weapon poked them.

She would have to accumulate pain and charge her Spirit Weapon with it. And once discharged, she would have to accumulate them again. But the advantage here was that she could control the extent of pain she was discharging into the target and how much they could experience in a matter of seconds.

Unlike Akashic Rupture which was a Silver Grade Nature, Kinesis Rupture Deity was a Gold Grade Nature. Hence its abilities were absurdly powerful. Best of all was the four times boost in the Spirit Weapon range.

Hence, it made Asaeya a powerhouse instantly.

The Primary Nature of Kinesis Deity gave the Brimgan Empire Royals a ten times boost in Spirit Weapon range, but other than being ridiculously hard, the mineral of Rutham didn't have any other properties. Hence, Brimgan Royals only had brute force to rely upon.

They generally condensed a variety of Skills to make up for their lack of special abilities.

In Asaeya's case, by giving up a significant portion of the range, room was made up to give her Spirit Weapon the ability to store pain and transmit it to the target upon contact. And a four times increase in Spirit Weapon range was still insanely significant.

After all, that meant her range at the peak of the Body Stage stood at 720 metres. This range was on par with Mammoth Clansmen at the 4-Life Stage. Therefore, Asaeya's combat power experienced an instant leap, filling up her weakness of a lack of offensive means.

Now, instead of being a mere support, she could take up combat roles too and be relevant in future battles.

"I told you, right?" Inala grinned upon seeing Asaeya's shock, "Isn't it great now?"

"Yeah," Asaeya nodded, happy, "I can help better now."

She also had Inala's Easing Influence Skill. Hence, unless she actively engaged in a battle for a significant amount of time, she wouldn't have to worry about her Tertiary Nature's influence too much.

All in all, her Tertiary Nature pretty much conformed to a Grim Knell's power, and hence, she wouldn't have any opposing influences like in Inala's case. Thereby, as long as she spends enough time meditating, she'll be able to consolidate her powers and become accustomed to their influence.

'It has merely been a day since we became aware of Nature Weapons. But he already conceptualised a plan to take advantage of them and even succeeded in modifying Asaeya's Tertiary Nature accordingly.' Orakha was tremendously stunned by Inala's capabilities, 'The longer this guy is allowed to grow, the more extreme his capabilities become.'

Inala's was a growth-type build. Orakha was aware of that, but seeing it in action firsthand terrified him. Currently, in terms of brute power, he was still above Inala. But that was it. His actions were limited to his abilities and their functions.

He hadn't explored any domains beyond that.

But despite having weaker individual powers, Inala focused on their synergic functions the most. And by synergising each of his weaker abilities, he was able to unleash terrifying output on a level that was unimaginable to Orakha.

'He has everyone beat in this regard.' Orakha sighed, 'Only Grehha comes close in terms of ingenuity, but his results are tame when compared to Inala.'

Resha focused on absolute combat strength and pursued versatility in battle capabilities. Orakha focused on strength too and pursued versatility in his ability's effects, making it impossible to be countered.

Yennda wanted to be left alone and pursued toxicity that would make even the Boar King averse to touching him. Grehha focused on research to strengthen the Mammoth Clan as a whole and pursued stability above everything else, building up strength while in safety.

Blola focused on getting complete control over his Transcendent Eater form, having no major plans beyond that. Virala focused on variations in his strength and pursued variety above everything else, intending to have as many Natures as possible in his arsenal.

Finally, there was Inala who pursued the accumulation of information and sought to increase his arsenal of methods, preparing himself to use the same ability in a thousand ways. This was what made him terrifying.

He extended the possibilities of Natures the greatest among anyone on Sumatra, never shying away from experimentation, voracious in his desire for knowledge, and used his abilities to rapidly digest said knowledge and banked upon it later.

'Do I antagonise him or not?' Orakha seriously considered the possibility as he stared at the arguing figures of Inala and Asaeya, 'If he's allowed to grow freely like this, he'll be unstoppable by the Second Major Disaster. No one will be able to take the Attribute from him.'

"Don't act like your name's written on the Major Treasure of Attribute."

"Personal property of Sir Inala. This sentence is clearly carved on it. You'll know when you get there."

Recalling his argument with Inala at the entrance of Guna Caves, Orakha sighed, 'That statement might as well be the truth.'

'Is this what he was implying back then?' Orakha stared at Inala's back, intimidated, 'Just how far into the picture is he scheming?'

"It's your turn now." Inala stared at Maroppa, "You can simply equip it into your Secondary Nature with Gannala's help."

"But wouldn't that make me helpless?" Maroppa said as she sat up and gathered her bearings, "Both Gannala and Virala would be able to remove the Nature from me any moment they please."

"It's only possible when we're in direct contact, but yes, it's possible." Gannala nodded, "Since it's my power we're using to equip the Nature Weapon in you in the first place. It still exists as a Nature Weapon in your Nature slot and not as your Secondary Nature."

"Then I'll assimilate it," Maroppa said and repeated the same process as before once she had recovered her Prana. After the Nature Weapon was equipped into her Secondary Nature slot, she grabbed a second Nature Weapon—of Fehta Brimgan—and seeped Prana filled with her Primary Nature into it.

Soon, the Nature Weapon changed in effect, with the essence within assimilated into her Sandy-Grey Assimilation. Now, the effects of her grey sand existed in the Nature Weapon.

Prime Skill—Nature Weapon Assimilation!

Through the Prime Skill's power, Maroppa assimilated it into her Secondary Nature slot and transformed it into her Secondary Nature. If a Nature existed, the effects of the Nature Weapon would be assimilated into it.

By equipping the Nature Weapon first, Maroppa ended up gaining a Secondary Nature. As long as she had Nature Weapons in her possession, Maroppa could use the Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation to turn her Natures more complex and even upgrade them.

However, she had no intention of doing so, for that wasn't necessary and would only cause her to be overwhelmed by the influence of her Natures. Besides, she already obtained the perfect ability that was satisfactory to her desires.

Staring at her Secondary Nature, Maroppa laughed raucously, finally having combat strength that didn't force her to destroy an entire region, "Thank you, Inala! You're the Bro!"

Secondary Nature—Grey Kinesis Deity!



Chapter 432 Maroppa’s Roaring Delight

?432 Maroppa’s Roaring Delight

Grey Kinesis Deity allowed her to morph her Mudropper form into a humanoid giant, giving her the ability to refine her grey sand into a Spirit Weapon with special properties.

The Spirit Weapon could selectively unleash the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void on the target. If needed, Maroppa could cause her Spirit Weapon to simply devour the sound and light in an area. It could appear in all shapes and sizes, with its base form being a pillar of darkness reaching from ground to sky.

As the Spirit Weapon moves, the pillar of darkness moves accordingly. This was merely the start of its capabilities. By making the Spirit Weapon into a chakram, Maroppa could cause it to hover in the sky like an umbrella.

The area under the umbrella would turn into the Sandy-Grey Void, temporarily. Temporarily! That was the key point here. Similar to the pillar of darkness, as the Spirit Weapon moves, so will the generated Sandy-Grey Void.

Once the Spirit Weapon moves away from an area, the Sandy-

Grey Void there would recover back to its original land in a matter of seconds. This meant that Maroppa could unleash her abilities freely without worrying about damage control and fearing an attack by Mahira Tusk or Renduldu from the Transcendent Worlds.

The Grey Kinesis Deity also multiplied her Spirit Weapon range by twice, giving her a maximum range of 360 metres at the peak of the Body Stage. And as she builds bodies in the Life Stage, this range will continue to increase.

Genetically, the Mudropper was capable of leaping once a day, able to travel a kilometre with the leap. Upon reaching the Gold Grade, this aspect had improved to two jumps. But that was it. Assuming her Mudropper form was useless, for it had no combat abilities.

But upon activating her Grey Kinesis Deity form, she could employ her genetic trait without the inherent restrictions. Meaning, she could jump around and cover large distances without limitations.

Overall, the Secondary Nature of Grey Kinesis Deity overcame all her weaknesses and strengthened her existing powers without adding anything new that would influence her negatively.

As long as Maroppa paid attention and nurtured her Secondary Nature, she was confident in passing it down as a genetic trait to her successors. This meant that the Mudropper race wouldn't just be Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, but when some of them mutate, they'll obtain the Secondary Nature of Grey Kinesis Deity.

It was a historic leap in strength for her race, having undergone the same in rapid succession. As a result, Maroppa was unable to help but laugh raucously, roaring towards Inala, "You're the Bro!"

"Of course," Inala huffed in pride. Irrespective of what happened between the Mammoth Ancestor and the Mudroppers, Maroppa was now a staunch ally of the Mammoth Clan. That became a guaranteed fact.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Mudropper!

With a maximum Prana capacity of 4600 at maturity and a lifespan of 1340 years, Maroppa had a long, powerful life before her, especially since she could cultivate into the Life Stage and stack bodies. Once she reaches the 10-Life Stage, she could attempt to become a Transcendent, becoming the first of her race to do so.

As long as she becomes a Transcendent, she'll be able to assist her race from the Transcendent World similar to the Transcendents of the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan, allowing the Mudroppers to prosper on Sumatra Continent.

Moreover, she'll finally have the capacity to confront Mahira Tusk in the Transcendent World.

While Maroppa dreamed about everything she could accomplish in the future, Inala nudged Orakha from the side, motioning through eye contact, implying that he had created the perfect setup. Now, Orakha only needs to man up and propose to her. When that happens, things will turn for the better.

Orakha let out a subtle groan in response, cursing Inala to stop urging him nonstop, and whispered, "I know what to do."

"Yeah, yeah, aren't you the roadside Romeo?" Inala rolled his eyes in irritation, "How many years do you need to accept someone who wishes to be with you?"

"As if you're in any position to talk," Orakha retorted as he glanced at Asaeya once, "You took a decade yourself."

"My situation's different." Inala snorted, "We were young, busy trying to stay alive, had massive responsibilities, and were constantly on the move."

He pointed at Orakha, "You have money, a mansion to live at, hardly any responsibilities, and most of all, you're both old."

Inala and Orakha swiped middle fingers at each other as Orakha escorted Maroppa and left the house.

"I'm not coming here ever again," Orakha shouted.

"Shoo! Shoo!" Inala made sweeping motions with his hand and relaxed once the duo was gone. He returned to the living room and stared at the last Nature Weapon of Fehta Brimgan, "Now, to give this to Wittral."

"You're only planning to equip this to him, right?" Asaeya asked as she grabbed the Nature Weapon, saying as she saw Inala nod, "Okay, I'll make the arrangements."

"I have infused my Prana with the power of Weaponisation into this Nature Weapon." Gannala said and placed the Nature Weapon in a box Asaeya had prepared, "As long as he touches it, the Nature Weapon will be equipped to his Tertiary Nature."

It would be risky to reveal Maroppa to Wittral, for that would make him question everything that Inala had spoken to him. Hence, they had to make do with equipping him with the Nature Weapon.

"I'll give it to him." Saying so, Asaeya grabbed the box and left the house, making the trip to the Misty Flake Tea House alone. At present, Hayaya was one of Wittral's closest friends, so it made sense for her to visit him from time to time.

Besides, after discussing with Inala, Asaeya had a reasonable lie to feed to Wittral. That would take care of things on Wittral's side. Moreover, she also wanted to check up on Inala's female form, 'Is her condition stable? She's a wreck most of the time.'

"Dad, this crisis became a big opportunity for us." Gannala said in excitement as she hugged Inala, "We've gained a lot of power. And now, I can use the Nature Weapons to strengthen the Mammoth Clan to a great extent."

"That's true." Inala nodded, "Once Asaeya returns, I'll make a trip to Karuta Hill and make my Empyrean Zingers absorb the remaining Dance of Annihilation. It's for the best to avoid giving Virala any leads to strengthen himself. Let him waste time and effort to create a Skill similar to the Dance of Annihilation and spend years on trial and error."

"Okay," Gannala nodded and began to naturally access Inala's memories, "Dad, why don't you give Blola's skull to me? I'll absorb all the data in it and then feed it to you through the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill. It's faster for you this way."

"Alright, let's do that." Inala got up and prepared to bring out Blola's skull, "I'm curious about the data present in the Transcendent Eater too. It should have all the details regarding us seven until the moment Blola died. With it, we'll have a perfect understanding of what everyone has planned."

"Dad…?" Gannala's expression turned pale upon seeing blood drip out of Inala's nose, "What happened?"

"Hmm…?" Inala wiped the blood and stared at it, muttering in realisation, "It seems maintaining the biome for two days has worsened my male form's influence. It's trying to eradicate my female form…"

As he spoke, he collapsed to the floor, feeling strength leave his legs. His breathing slowly grew ragged as he began to sweat all over.

"Hurry!" Gannala shouted as she supported him, "Spit out everything from your biome."

"Okay," Inala wheezed as he began to spit out Prana Bombs filled with the content from his stomach biome, piling them up at the side. Gannala quickly swallowed them all and helped Inala, influencing him as much as possible to suppress his male form.

That way, he wouldn't collapse internally.

It took close to two hours before Inala was able to bring out everything from his stomach biome and deactivate it, reverting his stomach into a regular organ for digestion. "Haaah!"

Inala inhaled and exhaled weakly. A few minutes later, he downed the water Gannala brought and poured some over his head, using it to refresh his state a bit. Following that, he meditated and began to steadily ease up the influence.

"It's not easy," He sighed in worry once he had recovered enough, "I'm not sure how I'll manage once I make the trip outside."

He'll be heading to the Sanrey Plains, develop his Quip Tribe to the limit, and when they were on the cusp of becoming Clansmen, he would store them in his stomach biome. He would then head to the Dralh Sea and gather the second Quip Tribe while ensuring to push them to the cusp too.

He'll have to make them recover their Spirit Containers and bring them to the peak of the Spirit Stage, needing as many elixirs as needed for that. Once that was done, he'd be making a mess to keep the Boar King busy so that he would arrive as late as possible once the Major Treasure of Attribute showed itself.

After all, the Empyrean Tusk herd would have arrived at the Brimgan Empire by then. Hence, Inala had to ensure the Boar King wouldn't come there anytime soon. If he manages to reach the 3-Life Stage by then, he'll definitely fight them without hesitation.

For the variety of tasks he had to perform, maintaining his stomach biome consistently was a necessity. Thinking of it, Inala became worried, "I'm not sure if my body can endure it for that long."



Chapter 433 Prepare Hard, Wittral

?433 Prepare Hard, Wittral

"How's Dhakha adjusting to work there, Hayaya?" Occupying a seat on the third floor while staring at Asaeya was Wittral, asking in concern, "I hope he hasn't caused any trouble."

"Oh, he's a spectacular worker." Asaeya praised, "I'm having an easier time managing my business now. It's all thanks to your recommendation, Wittral. Otherwise, I would have missed out on such a dedicated individual."

"Hahaha, I'm pleased." Wittral smiled in response.

"By the way," Asaeya took out a box and placed it on the table, "Dhakha asked me to give this to you. I don't know what it contains. He simply dodged the question and avoided giving me an answer."

"This is…?" Wittral stared at the box and was unable to recognise it, 'What is it?'

As he observed it, his gaze fell on the lock that had been added to the box. Once Wittral touched the lock and seeped Prana inside, he detected a series of complex moving parts that could only be moved by two Natures—Subtle Terrain Domination or Tangible Psychokinesis.

There was no other way to unlock it.

"Open it, I want to see what's inside." Asaeya expressed her interest and peered forward. "It's kind of frustrating to see it being locked. I tried using my Prana on it, but nothing I tried worked."

"Ah, give me a minute." Wittral smiled wryly, 'Thankfully, she failed. Whatever's inside must be Important if Amita's male form went to such extents to protect it.'

"Seriously, if it was that important, he could have given it to you on his own," Asaeya complained from the side.

'That's not possible.' Wittral knew the truth, for the moment Inala and Amita came within a range of 180 metres from each other, their minds would become connected, causing the influences in each other to pour into the other. Unless they were prepared, they might implode as a result.

"It's alright," Wittral consoled Asaeya as he unlocked the box, opening it to see a scroll and an orb inside. 'What is this?'

Wittral unfurled the scroll, recognising the handwriting inside to be Amita Brimgan's as he read through the contents, instantly closing the box shut as he smiled apologetically towards Asaeya, quickly cooking up a lie on the spot, "It's our hometown's ancestral inheritance. I apologise that I can't show it to you."

"Hmph, fine." Asaeya snorted and huffed as she grumpily returned to her seat. A few seconds later, she got up and approached Amita Brimgan once the latter had finished serving the customers, engaging in a chat with her.

Once Asaeya had gone farther away, Wittral fully unfurled the scroll and took his time reading through it.

[Loot is at Fentan City. The bone-covered entity in the wanted poster spread across the city two days ago is him. Hayaya stumbled upon him and gathered a crowd to fight him. They were unable to even scratch him though. He managed to easily escape the barrage. Well, he probably was focused on something else. Otherwise, given his strength, he could have killed everyone in a matter of seconds. But during the chaos, I managed to steal a few of his treasures. I'm sending this one to you, since it'll be absolutely necessary to protect yourself from his abilities.]

His back was drenched with sweat as Wittral read the scroll further, 'What the fuck is this? Loot's scarier than I imagined!'

[Loot's able to reside in the Nature Slots of others. Moreover, he's able to steal the Natures of others and store them in an orb form. So, the only way to remain safe from him is to have three Natures. Hence, I have sent you one such orb. The moment you touch it, you'll obtain a Nature. Loot can still steal it from you if he manages to touch you, but at least, he wouldn't be able to enter your body without stealing this orb from your Nature slot first. Once you touch it, you'll understand the rest. Prepare hard, Wittral. I'm counting on you.]

"This is too much information." He felt a headache for a moment, becoming paranoid as he hallucinated that the faces of everyone he stared at resembled Loot. He then inhaled and exhaled rhythmically to calm down and touched the orb, watching it merge into his body instantly. "This is…?"

Secondary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

'Isn't this the Nature of the Brimgan Royalty?' Wittral was in a state of shock as he digested the stream of information that poured into his mind from the Nature Weapon equipped in his secondary Nature slot.

'This is the reason behind the Brimgan Empire's strength.' Wittral became aware once he comprehended the Nature of Kinesis Deity. He then perceived Loot's threat, 'He's able to steal the Natures of others and equip it to himself. Now, everything makes sense. It's why he was able to use a plethora of abilities and managed to fool my Cooter Clan.'

"So, that's your true strength." Wittral shuddered in response, 'This means that he already has the Mudropper's Nature in this orb form. It was by using it that he unleashed the Sandy-Grey Void that trapped us all.'

Wittral analysed the information at his disposal, 'Loot's ability should be similar to the Boar King's Voracious Nature. So, he'll only be able to steal the Primary Natures of his target. As long as a target has more than one Nature, he'll be unable to obtain their Nature. That's also why the Boar King doesn't target Mutated Pranic Beasts, since he can't obtain their Natures.'

His gaze shot towards Amita, 'Thankfully, Amita has three Natures. So, she should be safe.'

He then observed Hayaya, 'There's a possibility Loot could enter her. It's a risk keeping Amita's male form with her.'

But upon recalling Inala's intelligence, Wittral understood that Inala might have planned something to ensure Hayaya would be safe and couldn't be compromised by Loot. "I'm simply getting paranoid now."

He laughed awkwardly, 'Loot has already stolen our Spirit Containers. He could have obtained our powers from it. So, he has no incentive to target us ever again. But in any case, I should inform the Boar King about this. Armed with this knowledge, he'll be able to deal with Loot soon enough.'

'He's probably gone out once again. Then, it's for the best to inform Yarsha Zahara first.' Thinking as such, Wittral wrote a letter of invitation for Yarsha Zahara.

"Then, I'll take my leave." Asaeya bode him farewell and left the Misty Flake Tea House.

"Visit anytime." Wittral waved at her and exited the tea house to post the letter. Once he returned, he observed Amita laughing about as she conversed with Maroppa, greeting the latter, "Madam Maroppa, you've arrived."

"Oh, Wittral, I'll be hosting a banquet in a week." Maroppa said after a round of greetings, "Would you take charge of preparing food and drinks for the event?"

"It would be my pleasure." Wittral smiled happily, glad to receive such a large commission, 'I can pay off a decent chunk of the loan through this alone.'

"Will the guests be from your business circle?" Amita Brimgan asked.

"No, there will be businessmen from other sectors too. I've invited a few Royals too." Maroppa said, "I've sent an invitation to Farloon Brimgan. There's a chance he'll use this event to introduce you formally to other Royals. You need to prepare well, Amita."

"Will do," Amita laughed excitedly, chirping in response, "Oh, what dress should I wear? I'm nervous."

"Let's go shopping later." Maroppa became excited too, "It has been a while since I last went on one."

'Compared to Inala, she's easy on the mind.' Maroppa thought as she spoke excitedly, 'I hardly feel any stress while talking to her. How did he manage to split his bodies into two completely different individuals? Inala's an enigma, I must say. He's as impressive as terrifying.'



Chapter 434 Brimgan Emperor’s Decision

?434 Brimgan Emperor’s Decision

"Your Majesty, this is a crisis for the Brimgan Empire." A Minister with a shiny moustache roared respectfully. His reddish gown covered by shiny blue stripes glittered in the throne room, reflecting the ambient light.

In other places, such an action would be considered disrespectful. But here, it was a display of power. The shinier their clothes, the greater their status. And in the throne room, every single minister did damn well to portray it.

As a result, one couldn't see around in the throne room without getting a searing headache, due to the concentrated beams of light being reflected by the clothes of everyone. And of course, the elephant in the room was the brightest of them all.

The Brimgan Emperor wore a luminescent robe that had been refined for a millennium. It was the Emperor's Robe that had been passed down from generation to generation, for tens of thousands of years.

Donned on his head was a crown shaped like a crow's beak, arching over him as it was a metre in length. And it too was luminescent, emanating enough light to blind anyone who saw it. But despite the radiance, the Brimgan Emperor had his eyes open wide, his gaze unflinching, displaying the demeanour of one that shouldered his Empire's fate and had enough strength to damn well shoulder it all.

Prana steadily surged through his eyes and prevented him from going blind. Hearing the minister's statement, the Emperor, Brandal Brimgan said, "The Minister of Internal Affairs makes a point."

"Your Majesty, we mustn't be hasty about this." The Minister of Defence, Fuhrh Brimgan argued with a shout, "This is the Boar King we're talking about. He's capable enough to destroy the Southern Veins. We'll be crippled if we fight him."

"Just admit that you're afraid," The Minister of Raids, Frissk Brimgan stood up to argue against Fuhrh Brimgan, "We'll challenge him to a fight outside the Empire and deal with him there."

He then faced the Emperor, "Your Majesty, grant me the authority to mobilise three hundred Royals with strength at 4-

Life Stage and above. I'll bring the Boar King's head in return."

"It's not just about facing him. We'll also have to take into account the reaction of the surrounding Gold Grade Pranic Beasts." Fuhrh Brimgan retorted, "If they all were to take this opportunity to invade our Empire, we're doomed."

"You're a disgrace as a Royal."

"Respectfully, curse you."

"Curse you very much, you old fool."

"Arrogant young idiot!"

As the ministers shot insults back and forth, the Emperor calmly observed the argument, "I've made the decision."

The arguments stopped instantly as the attention of everyone was focused on the shiniest individual in the throne room, hearing Brandal Brimgan's voice resound calmly, "With effect from today, house arrest everyone in the Varahan Mansion until the Boar King requests for my audience."

That was indeed the safest decision. Instead of imprisoning the Boar King's family in a prison somewhere and triggering him, the decision only forced the family to stay in their home.

This wouldn't bring them the Boar King's ire and instead leave open enough room for discussion.

"Your Majesty, there's still the matter of the Parute Tree King. If it's in the Boar King's possession, we need to reclaim it from him." The Minister of Economy, Fruan Brimgan expressed his opinion, "Based on the Parute Tree Fruits in our possession, and the tree's rate of fruit generation, the strength of our Royals can be built eight percent faster."

"It could have been the perfect replenishment resource for conducting long-distance Raids, since it can be transported." Fissk Brimgan took the opportunity to put forth his point, "That would further improve our strength."

"If the Boar King decides to meet me, I'll discuss this with him." Brandal Brimgan made his verdict, "If he refuses to transfer ownership of the Parute Tree King, we'll be dropping this matter right then and there. Never underestimate the Boar King."

He said in seriousness, "There has never been a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast stronger than the Boar King. And to date, he has never been forced to fight seriously. And the force that makes him do so will be reduced into a mere blob of history, bereft of a future."

"To the Brimgan Empire, even a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast is a passing cloud. Unless he actively harms us, ignore him." Brandal Brimgan adjourned the meeting, "Pass down the order to increase the layer of protection to Fentan City and improve its safety standards. That's all."

The ministers left the throne room in cliques, their discussions hushed, having plans of their own. Brandal Brimgan calmly observed them all and stared at his trembling hand, 'No, you idiot! Don't be excited!'

'You're not his match!' He sighed a minute later, having calmed down. "I have yet to surpass the Cooter Clan Chief. I shouldn't be thinking of fighting the Boar King until then."

"Don't fight him until your successor is ready to inherit your position." A calm voice resounded from behind as a secret door opened and a lady sauntered in, dressed in clothes equally bright as the Brimgan Emperor.

"You read my mind, Harla." Brandal Brimgan laughed, "It's hard to control myself though."

The lady was Harla Brimgan, Empress of the Bringam Empire, an absolute powerhouse with a cultivation at the 10-Life Stage. She calmly occupied the seat of the leading minister and stared at Brandal Brimgan, "The Crown Prince is still at the 9-Life Stage. He won't be able to manage the Empire's affairs if you were to get killed by the Boar King."

"Such a pity," Brandal Brimgan sighed despondently, "I wanted to face Sumatra's strongest existence and experience for myself the strength difference between us."

"Is the Boar King that terrifying?" Harla Brimgan asked, "We have minimal records about him as he hasn't truly fought with all his strength to date. On paper, he's not as terrifying as the Mystic Tentacles."

"Mystic Tentacles are a whole other level in terms of terror." Brandal Brimgan nodded, "But that's it. Their terror is limited to what they have once they become Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. They're unlike the Boar King."

"The stronger his opponents, the more absurd the Boar King gets." Brandal Brimgan said, "If a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast were to appear now, it would simply become fuel to strengthen the Boar King further."

Until now, the Boar King didn't have a Mystic Grade Nature to fight with. But once he devours a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he'll have a Mystic Grade Nature to use when necessary. Basically, the stronger his enemies become, the greater the fuel available for his Astral Chart to bank upon, and the more absurd his strength becomes.

"I understand," Harla Brimgan nodded in understanding, "I'll hasten the Crown Prince's growth and make him reach the 10-

Life Stage as soon as possible. Please bear with me until then."

"It won't be long before you can challenge the Boar King."

"You know exactly what I want to hear." Brandal Brimgan was overjoyed. It mattered not if he were to die to the Boar King. Just being able to face such an opponent caused him endless joy. After all, with his Gold Grade strength stacked ten times, Brandal Brimgan didn't have a suitable opponent to spar with.

None were his match. The only one he knew who could fight him was the Cooter Clan Chief, Geugeu. He didn't know about the existence of Raaha, for the Mammoth Clan that traded with the Brimgan Empire was the one made up of 44 Empyrean Tusks. Their Chief only had Silver Grade strength and cultivation of 8-Life Stage. He was too weak for Brandan Brimgan to even bother with.

The other Mammoth Clan roamed too far away. And hence, other than some rumours, nothing of substance about it reached the Brimgan Empire. As a result, Brandal Brimgan had no idea about Raaha, an existence stronger than Geugeu, his current goal to surpass.

"I await your response, Boar King." Brandal Brimgan muttered as his body trembled in excitement.



Chapter 435 Searching For Loot

?435 Searching For Loot

"Are you sure you're not joining us, Wittral?" Amita asked, a tad disappointed.

"There's a lot of pending work. Sorry about that." Wittral smiled wryly, "You guys go ahead and have fun."

"Don't bother with him, Amita." Maroppa said and linked hands with Amita Brimgan, grinning, "It's a girls' day today. We'll shop till we drop. Wittral won't have much fun with us anyway, so let him stay here with his tea cups."

"You make a solid point." Amita recovered and patted herself, counting the amount of money she had brought with her. A moment later, she stared at Wittral, asking for more, "This won't be enough."

"Seriously?" Wittral expressed shock, "You're carrying a week's profits in your pouch."

"It should be at least two weeks worth." Amita complained, "Please, Wittral?"

"Ugh, fine." Wittral quickly gave in as he brought out another pouch of money and gave it to Amita, "Keep it safe, alright?"

"Sure!" Amita said and boarded a carriage with Maroppa, making a trip to the railway station. They then boarded a train to Resnesk City, dubbed the Textile City of the Brimgan Empire. It was a city littered with clothing stores, updated with the top-

of-the-line fashion trends and brands.

The amount of money in the possession of the two women was a lot, but it was easy to blow it all up on a few pairs of dresses in Resnesk City if they went for the luxurious variety. Technically, Amita could use Subtle Terrain Domination to weave multiple threads into a dress of her choice.

But as that wasn't her field of expertise, she didn't bother with it. Besides, she wanted to have some fun once in a while.

While the two women had fun with their shopping spree, Wittral had an expression of absolute seriousness as he temporarily closed the tea shop and waited at the entrance. Soon, upon seeing a carriage arrive, he made a formal bow, "I have been expecting your arrival, Madam Yarsha."

"Why did you invite me when your place is closed?" Yarsha frowned upon observing the lack of bustle in the tea house.

"Please follow me. We'll talk inside." Wittral said and invited her to the fourth floor, seating her in the same spot she occupied when she arrived with the Boar King.

"So, what did you want to talk about?" Yarsha Zahara said and waved the letter she had received from him, "Other than stressing the matter to be important, nothing of context was written here. I was this close to treating it as a prank."

"It's not a prank." Wittral smiled wryly as suddenly, he activated Subtle Terrain Domination and attacked her, forcing the air down on her.

"What?" Yarsha Zahara was stunned by his sudden attack. The air struck her before she could even activate her Human Avatar, sending her flying across the place. "How dare you attack me?"

Prana billowed out of her in full swing as Yarsha Zahara activated her Human Avatar. An instant later, the air targeting her bent to her will and instead attacked Wittral, stunning him.

But two seconds later, Wittral stopped attacking, "Okay, I managed to confirm what I wanted."

"You're safe," He said and extended his hand towards Yarsha Zahara, "I'm sorry to have surprised you. It was a necessity."

"You better have a solid explanation. Otherwise, I'm destroying this place alongside you." Yarsha Zahara growled as the air revolved around her, acting as a Satellite. The fingertips of her right hand had turned into an inert substance that shone differently based on the direction of the viewing angle. Held in it was a Satellite cup.

The moment Yarsha grabbed it, the air clumped together to become a Satellite that revolved around her. She cautiously got up and took a seat, frowning as she watched Wittral clean up the place and use his ability to heal the damage and make the place pristine once again.

He then brought in some tea and poured a cup for her, "This Low-Grade Elixir is on the house as an apology."

"Get to the point." Yarsha didn't touch the tea and instead glared at him, losing her patience by now, feeling disrespected by his actions.

"Loot revealed himself three days ago." Saying so, Wittral unfurled a wanted poster that displayed a picture of Virala in his Stage 2—Exoskeleton—form. From head to toe, he was covered by the exoskeleton. And hence, it wasn't possible to make out his actual appearance based on it.

"Sir Brangara must possess a picture of Loot." Wittral said as he stared at Yarsha, "Have you looked at it?"

"I had in the past." Yarsha nodded and stared at the wanted posted, commenting her thought, "Their facial structure is similar."

"This is a list of the witness accounts." Wittral unfurled another scroll, containing statements from the spectators who witnessed Virala in action. He didn't have access to the records collected by the guards.

Instead, it was something he collected personally. The incident was pretty high profile with a lot of witnesses. Hence, many people were happy to share. He didn't even have to leave the premises of his tea house to gather information.

He casually approached a few to ask around in the tea house and soon enough, the people who had been at the scene heard about his inquiry and came to talk to him. Around three to four were his customers. Just their witness reports were enough for Wittral to make a list.

"The Spirit Weapons failed to even dent him?" Yarsha stared at the first point, quickly thinking of the answer, "Internal Inertial Gravity."

"He sucked the blood of everyone? What ability is that?" She frowned at the second point.

"Bloody Affection, the Primary Nature of the Silver Grade Pranic Beast, Decaleech. They are present at the Sticky-Slip Plateau." Wittral said. He then pointed to the third point, "He escaped by instantly creating a tunnel. Digging tunnels is dangerous here due to the toxic traits of the Southern Veins. Moreover, the ground parted way to create an underground tunnel. Only one ability can perform this."

"Drifting Tunnel, the Primary Nature of the Iron Grade Pranic Beast, Shifting Ant. They live at the Guna Caves." Wittral said, "In the case of both Drifting Tunnel and Bloody Affection, the displayed effect is many times stronger than the Primary Natures possessed by the respective Pranic Beasts."

"Three Natures…" Yarsha Zahara frowned, "Including what my husband said about him, he has at least seven to eight Natures."

"But the Boar King already confirmed the fact that Loot doesn't lose his Natures once he uses them." Wittral said, "And now, I found out another piece of information."

He said solemnly, "He can hide in the Nature Slots of others."

"…I know that already." Yarsha Zahara, "My husband witnessed it when he fought the Mammoth Clan recently. He saw Loot hiding in the Nature slot of an Empyrean Tusk."

"So, you're already aware." Wittral sighed, "I wanted to inform the Boar King so that he'll have an easier time discovering Loot's location, since he's probably still in this city."

"As long as the Boar King searches for someone with more than one Nature, he'll be able to discover Loot," Wittral said.

"Unless someone unleashes their Prana, it's not possible to determine if they have more than one Nature." Yarsha retorted, "And it's easy to conceal one's presence too. Everyone goes about their daily life while fully concealing their presence to avoid leaking any information about their power to others."

"So, it's futile." She said, "I've already tried it. Even though I can perceive the presence of a Nature even when one conceals himself, I'll still have to manually scour through everyone in this city. Loot only needs to jump into the Nature slot of someone I already checked and behold, my search attempt will become useless."

"I think if we're judging by his motives, we can figure out where he strikes next." Wittral said in all seriousness, "He's targeting every unique individual to steal their powers. It's why I attacked you at the start to check if you were safe or not."

He spoke, watching Yarsha Zahara's face harden in response, "After all, I feel you'll be his next likely target."



Chapter 436 Glove Slip

?436 Glove Slip

Varahan Mansion!

Once Yarsha Zahara left home, making a trip to the Misty Flake Tea House, Brana casually walked through the house's corridor and arrived before the study that wasn't permitted for others to enter.

Only Yarsha Zahara and her husband were allowed to enter this room. Their children weren't allowed either. As for the servants, if anyone dared to even entertain the thought, they would be put to death.

But casually standing before it was Brana, observing that the door was locked by a series of complex patterns. There weren't just physical locks, but he could also sense a dense network of Prana behind the door. If he tried to enter it by force, Yarsha Zahara would be alerted, 'She finally left the house. I can't waste this chance.'

"Young Master, Madam has forbidden everyone from entering this room. Please don't do anything that the Madam will scold you for." A servant passing by noticed Brana before the study room and shouted in a hurry.

"I'm not trying to! Don't tell mom!" Brana shouted aloud, pissed as he ran off, his voice echoing through the corridor, "I'm not a bad child! Nooo!"

"Ah, I'm sorry, Young Master. I won't tell the madam." The servant ran after Brana in a fluster and hurriedly gave him a sweet, seeing him calm down instantly in response. Upon observing that he wasn't angry anymore, the servant resumed his work.

There wasn't a nanny posted to take care of the children as Yarsha Zahara didn't feel the need to. Her children inherited the genetics of both her and Brangara. Hence, they matured in intelligence very quickly.

Barla and Brana, Yarsha's oldest children were smart enough to take care of their younger siblings. Hence, she left all her children in their care while leaving for the Misty Flake Tea House. She had a total of six children—Barla, Brana, Baga, Braga, Yaha, and Hara.

Barla and Brana were twins, currently eight years old. Baga was six years old while Braga was four years old. Yaha and Hara were twins, currently two years old. Among them, Barla, Yaha, and Hara were girls while the rest were boys.

Barla was the most mature of them all and hence naturally took the role of caring for her siblings. Brana was a curious child by nature and liked to run around the mansion. But he was still mature enough to not do anything foolish.

Once the servant left, Brana arrived at an empty room closest to the study room and casually jumped inside a tunnel that opened up. There was a weak field of gravity within the tunnel, causing him to fall through it.

But all the tunnel did was arc underground and point into the study room as Brana casually popped up out of the exit. He closed the tunnel upon arriving at the study room and looked around, 'There's a lot of information stored here.'

The study room spanned a length of twenty-two metres and a breadth of fourteen metres, covered by books, scrolls, and Bone Slip equivalents for a variety of cultivation techniques.

There was a lot to look for, 'But I don't have that much time on my hands. I need to be fast.'

"Let's see…" A calm voice resounded from Brana, the tone resembling Virala's, "Since history has changed, has her growth accelerated as compared to Sumatra Chronicles?"

Under Virala's influence, Brana approached the table in the centre, his actual mind in a daze, incomprehensive of what he was actually doing. Opening the drawer, he found a case, within which was a glove embedded with a crystalline gem. Upon seeing it, his lips curled up, "She has indeed created it."

Spirit Weapon—Glove Slip!

The glove was a Spirit Weapon that Yarsha Zahara ended up creating during her vagrant days after the Zahara Kingdom was destroyed by the Boar King. By taking advantage of her inherent traits to mould Prana, Yarsha created a Spirit Weapon capable of doing the same.

Its function was to absorb the information present in an Information Slip—Bone Slip for the Mammoth Clan, Water Slip for the Cooter Clansmen, etc.

In Sumatra Chronicles, once Yarsha Zahara follows Resha to the Mammoth Clan, she uses this to access information in the Bone Slips.

To access the information in a Bone Slip, the cultivator must practice Mystic Bone Art. The Bone Slip could be considered a dam whose walls are a maze. The water stored in the dam is the information.

When a cultivator inserts Prana into the Bone Slip after activating Mystic Bone Art, the walls forming the maze move to reveal a path of exit, causing the water to gush out. Hence, this information directly pours into the cultivator's mind.

In this analogy, as long as the walls of the dam are broken, the information within would naturally pour into the mind of whoever is trying to access it. Theoretically, this is possible. But in actuality, there was an issue with this.

Only a Mammoth Clansman can sense a Bone Slip. To others, the Bone Slip would just appear as a normal piece of bone. If they can't even perceive the dam, how are they supposed to break its walls?

The Glove Slip was an invention that bridged this gap. When someone wears it and pours their Prana into it, the Glove Slip will emit Prana in fluctuating waves. Each wave corresponds to the fluctuation present in one's Prana thanks to a cultivation technique.

As long as the fluctuating waves match a Mammoth Clansman's, the piece of bone in their hand would be registered as a Bone Slip, allowing them to perceive the dam inside. Once this is done, they could lock onto the respective fluctuation through the Glove Slip and attack the dam walls through their Prana.

Once the walls break, the information within would flood their mind.

This was a revolutionary item that rapidly eased information exchange in Human Kingdoms and Empires, allowing them to grow further without wasting time recording large volumes of information in books.

Yarsha Zahara was capable of unleashing the effects of the Glove Slip naturally during the later parts of her appearance in Sumatra Chronicles, 'She must have created this for her children and the Boar King.'

Brana wore the Glove Slip and grabbed a shiny crystal from the shelf, seeping his Prana into it. The Glove Slip began to unleash varying fluctuations. It took ten whole minutes for a suitable fluctuation to appear when Virala locked onto it, able to absorb the information within.

Once he absorbed the information, he used the Bone Slip Skill to record the same piece of information on the crystal. The Glove Slip worked on engraving information into the crystal. This was what made this item revolutionary.

Yarsha Zahara made it in such a way that anyone could equip it. As long as someone pours Prana through it from across their hand, they can make use of it. The design was as a glove to ensure only humans could use it. The Glove wasn't suitable to be worn on the varying shapes and sizes of Pranic Beast claws.

But if the design was made compatible with their claws, even Pranic Beasts could use them. It was a revolutionary item. However, the Glove Slip was merely one of the countless items Yarsha Zahara ended up creating in Sumatra Chronicles.

Her introduction in Sumatra Chronicles brought forth Resha's Secondary Nature, the creation of a Secondary Nature for all Free Humans, improvement in the cultivation techniques of all Free Humans, and many items similar to the Glove Slip.

She wasn't called the Sumatra Chronicles Heroine for no reason. Her arrival improved the quality of power across the entire Sumatra Continent.

"That's why it's absurd that she's the Boar King's wife." Virala commented as he began to voraciously absorb the information present in all the Information Slips, "Even though I prefer Yahira over Yarsha, that's only because I want a loyal woman who can obediently obsess over me. She's simply my type. Objectively speaking, the Mammoth Clan Heroine is vastly inferior to the Sumatra Chronicles Heroine."



Chapter 437 Virala Gets to Know Loot

?437 Virala Gets to Know Loot

Yahira was a smart woman. But in terms of character, she was dull. In Sumatra Chronicles, she was lacklustre in character but was Resha's staunchest supporter. She had his back in every situation, actively working out solutions on his behalf.

She was gifted in the way of fighting, similar to Resha, and was someone who managed to injure an endgame Boar King, something even Resha failed to do so, despite the various Major Treasures at his disposal.

She never argued with Resha, silently accepting whatever he said, even if they were foolish. Rather, even if something he attempted was foolish, instead of berating him for it, she would rather use all her means to make it work somehow. That was her characteristic trait.

Virala was damn into her because he liked that aspect about her. Not only was she a silent supporter, but she also placed herself in the submissive position of a relationship and devoted her entire being towards her beloved.

Her only fault was that she disliked Resha interacting with other women, no matter how minimal, and ended up stabbing him multiple times. As a woman, in Virala's eyes, she was perfect without fault.

Conversely, Yarsha Zahara was a headstrong woman with her own goals and ideas. Even at her lowest point after the fall of her Kingdom, she remained proud, daring to make plans, and actively tried to harm the Boar King every step of the way.

That was why she went above and beyond to strengthen the Human Kingdoms and Empires while disseminating propaganda against the Boar King and making them antagonistic to him.

In the relationship aspect, she didn't place much value on Resha, even though she was smitten with him. If Resha tried anything stupid, she said it to his face and actively presented dozens of choices better than what he planned to attempt.

She used Resha to legally enter the Mammoth Clan and access their library of information. When she was done, she slept with Resha until she became pregnant.

Following that, she just left the Mammoth Clan and went her own way, carrying the fruits of her love with her, unwilling to fight for a man who wasn't manly enough to fight for her love against Yahira's wishes.

She loved Resha, but he didn't love her. So, once she had his child in her, she was satisfied enough to make her exit. No matter what life threw at her, Yarsha Zahara did things her way.

As a character, she repulsed Virala, having every single quality he felt undesirable in a woman. But even he could objectively conclude that in terms of impact on Sumatra Chronicles, no one came close to Yarsha Zahara.

Her appearance was short in Sumatra Chronicles, but she ended up capturing the hearts of all the readers, enough to be called the Sumatra Chronicles Heroine.

"I should take advantage of her." Virala sported a twisted smile as he continued to access information in the Information Slips. But during the process, he was surprised to come across a Bone Slip.

Virala accessed them normally, stunned to find information regarding him there, "What the fuck? Why am I the Boar King's primary target? Also, what the heck is up with the name of Loot? How did I get such a name?"

Stored in the Bone Slip was the scene of the Boar King observing 'Loot' at the Mammoth Clan. From the start, as he observed Loot, to eventually getting schemed against by the latter when he swallowed the heart of an Empyrean Tusk, everything was recorded in the Bone Slip.

Virala was stunned by the sequence of events, grunting in the end, "Damn that useless Resha. I created such a perfect opportunity and he blew it!"

He clenched his hand into a fist and began to gather Prana into the region, muttering upon seeing it collapse soon, "Since I'm unable to condense a body, it means that my body at the Mammoth Clan is still alive."

It was impossible to know information regarding his other body, but Virala could determine if that body was alive or not. He was split into two bodies, but his total cultivation was at the 2-Life Stage.

His current body was at the peak of the Body Stage while the other body was in the initial phase of the Body Stage. At present, only his other body could grow. And when it reaches the peak of the Body Stage, there would be an option.

Either body could begin creating the third body. But only one body could be built at a time. So, if his current body were to begin forming a new body, then his body at the Mammoth Clan would be unable to build one until his third body reaches the peak of the Body Stage.

Currently, if his body at the Mammoth Clan was killed, his overall cultivation would drop to 1-Life Stage. Meaning, he should have been able to build a body now. But the fact that he couldn't do so meant he was already in the 2-Life Stage, with the latest body still being built.

'It's good that I'm still at the 2-Life Stage, but what the heck is this Loot business?' Virala frowned as he looked through documents related to Loot, "What the fuck is all this?"

"This person named Loot is an Empyrean Boar from another continent who came here to find the Boar King's secrets and reach the Mystic Grade. For his plans, he's been capturing people of value…" Virala frowned as he stared at the list, "A Mudropper, the Supreme Tusk's successor…"

"Is this a prank?" Virala's eye twitched as he looked around, failing to notice anyone spying on him. "The quality of information collected here is too complex to be assumed as a mere prank. But if this is true, then how did I encounter Gannala before? Wait, the information here only mentions that Loot stole the Mudropper and the Supreme Tusk's successor. There are others in the list who were discarded after their Spirit Containers were extracted."

"Amita…never heard of her, but her last name is Brimgan. Maybe she's someone important from the Brimgan Royalty. Next is…

Wittral? Fuck, he lost his power?" Virala exclaimed in shock before reading further, "Ah, he was assisted by the Boar King and managed to recover his power."

"But some things make no sense." Virala muttered as he began to piece things together, "The abilities of this Loot are strangely similar to me. His displayed character is close to me too. And worst of all…"

He unfurled a scroll to see his image, "This is a picture of me. So, the Boar King's clearly out for me, huh?"

He recalled the time when the Boar King suddenly began to come after him, "So by then, he somehow managed to trace my existence. Worst of all, I'm being painted as the culprit for everything this Loot fucker did. Why me? What did I do?"

He groaned in frustration and cursed in the end, "Besides, Gannala is clearly fine. If this Loot guy is some shit Inala made up to frame me, then it makes sense why she's completely fine. Asaeya too was there with her. And for some reason, both their appearance and Prana signature were different."

"Wait, I can take advantage of this." He revealed a smile, "As long as I reveal Gannala's location to Yarsha Zahara, she'll get the Boar King to kill her. Once she's dead,"

"I'll be free from all this crap."



Chapter 438 Incident Nature Reflection

?438 Incident Nature Reflection

"I don't know if this Loot guy is Inala's scheme or if such a character truly exists." Virala muttered, "If it's the former, then Gannala and Asaeya are living in disguise. But if it's the latter, then both of them have been brainwashed to follow Loot's arrangements. Either way, Gannala's influence on me is dangerous."

"So, she needs to die."

He was also angry about Gannala gaining all his information, not to mention obtaining Weaponisation itself. As long as she was alive, he would never gain an advantage over Inala.

Thinking as such, Virala began to change his plans, 'I need to do something before I'm destroyed by the Boar King. At this rate, he'll continue to chase after me. I won't have a moment's rest.'

As Virala continued to look through the study, he came across two pieces of information that shocked him. First of all, there was the Mammoth Ancestor's severed tusk lying beside Karuta Hill. And present within it was something called the Dance of Annihilation.

As long as one uses the Bone Slip Skill while touching it, they'll gain the Dance of Annihilation, 'The Boar King expresses here how it was a pain to endure such a volume of information. He got a headache as a result. If anyone not him tries the same, their head will explode.'

The Boar King then transferred it to Yarsha Zahara, since it was useless to him. She had used the information in the Dance of Annihilation to further the creation of her cultivation technique, which was why she noted down the information.

All the documents in the study room were a result of her research and were created for the Boar King to access and give pointers when he arrived. He only stays for a limited time at Fentan City every time he comes, so Yarsha Zahara made a habit of recording everything of value so that she doesn't miss anything to inform him.

"Isn't this something made precisely for my use?" Virala nodded and got ready to leave. He wasn't leaving simply to fetch the Dance of Annihilation. There was a second, stronger reason behind it, which was the fact that the Boar King was hiding at the Varahan Mansion, meditating deep underground.

Virala hadn't sensed him because the Boar King under Varahan Mansion didn't have any Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Astral Chart.

At first, it seemed like the Boar King had hidden this body at the Varahan Mansion sneakily to prepare for Loot. But if that had been the case, then he should have been actively using his detection ability to find Loot.

If that happened, he would have sensed Virala when he entered the carriage—that entered the Varahan Mansion—as an orb and remained a few minutes in that state. That was when it was the easiest to sense his position.

For a Boar King that managed to detect him from tens of thousands of kilometres away, finding him from such proximity should have been a piece of cake. The fact that he hadn't found Virala meant that the Boar King was busy doing something else, something that needed him to split his body despite the risks it would pose.

The various Natures present in his Astral Chart influence his body to a tremendous extent. So, the moment a body is split, it would be impossible to fuse without causing an implosion, because, in a few seconds, the influence would pile up and make them too different—mentally and physically—to be stacked upon each other ever again.

So, after whatever the Boar King wanted was done, the body under the Varahan Mansion would be disposed of. Only he knew what he was up to. No one else knew of his existence there. Even Yarsha Zahara only knew that he was hiding a body there. Nothing else. She didn't know his hiding spot.

Virala knew about this because of the note left behind by the Boar King, which stated the timings at which he would be able to meet her. 'The closest date is in three days.'

'If I do well, I'll be able to take advantage of Yarsha Zahara. That's the only way in which I can achieve all my objectives.' He memorised the dates and picked a time period with a gap of more than ten months between the meetup times.

He then unleashed copious amounts of influence on Brana, ensuring that he wouldn't remember any of this and would forget it as a dream. But that wasn't all. For the next three days, Brana would be gathering intelligence on Virala's behalf.

And once Virala enters his body, the influence would surge. Brana would then iterate everything that happens through an Information Slip. With the Spirit Weapon of Glove Slip, they had means for information transfer on a large scale.

'I'll turn a few servants into spies too. But as I haven't been in their bodies for too long, I can't influence their actions much.' Virala thought, 'It's for the best if I don't expect much from them.'

Brana was at the Spirit Stage and didn't have a Nature. Hence, influencing him was the easiest. Besides, Virala was in his body for close to three days. That was enough for his Mystic Grade Nature to influence Brana enough.

Of course, the influence was merely temporary and would wear off in a few days. When that happens, Brana would notice the oddity and might even reveal everything that happened to Yarsha. 'I must enter him before that happens.'

Before he left, Virala looked through everything in the study, finally accessing the information about Yarsha herself, "Sumatra Gold? Such a mysterious mineral exists?"

Upon seeing how it's produced, he was stunned, 'So, that's why her Nature is at the Mystic Grade. She's building a Human Avatar out of Sumatra Gold.'

Virala read through her experimental notes, getting details of her abilities as he sighed in relief, "Thank goodness I didn't try to enter her. Otherwise, I wouldn't have even known how I was fucked."

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

"Hahahaha, man…" Virala didn't know what to say as he could only laugh in desperation, "What a broken ability."

Once he cleaned the study of all his traces, Virala made Brana exit through the same tunnel as before. As Brana walked through the corridor, an orb jumped out of his body when he passed by a servant and entered his body.

By hopping from one body to another, Virala eventually reached the guards at the Varahan Mansion's gate. Following that, he used an excuse to walk a bit and patted a stranger, using the contact to enter his body.

"What was that about?" One of the guards asked upon seeing the guard's actions.

"I thought it was someone I knew." The guard smiled awkwardly, thinking, 'Strange, why did I wish to meet that person in the first place?'

The influence on him was to make him meet that stranger, nothing more, nothing less. Unless he wished, Virala wouldn't generate any influence on the target whose body he entered. As long as he had equipped the Nature Weapon of Leech, he could ensure the target wouldn't even sense one of their Nature slots getting filled.

The stranger continued to walk as Virala continued to jump bodies. Soon, he entered the body of a girl headed to the Karuta Hill, on a date with her boyfriend.

An hour after he left the Varahan Mansion, a carriage entered it as Wittral and Yarsha Zahara got down in a hurry, having purchased a bunch of Spirit Weapons meant for a variety of purposes, ready to deal with Loot in case they found him possessing someone.

"It took us too long to make preparations." Yarsha Zahara expressed her tension, "Let's hurry."

"Yes," Wittral nodded and followed after her.



Chapter 439 You Want War? You’ll Get One!

?439 You Want War? You’ll Get One!

"Let's hope he hasn't arrived yet." Yarsha Zahara said in a hurry and rushed into her mansion, spreading her Prana through her surroundings to get a feel for the number of Natures present in the bodies of everyone.

"Everyone, gather around!" She shouted and watched her children take a seat at the front while the servants filed into a few rows towards the rear. She unleashed her Prana through them one after another and failed to detect anyone with more than one Nature.

Her kids were at the Spirit Stage and didn't have a Nature. Upon seeing the results, Yarsha Zahara frowned, "There are no signs."

"Maybe it's not too late," Wittral said as he went around the mansion and unleashed Subtle Terrain Domination to dominate his surroundings. As he walked around, he approached the study room, commenting, "That's a lot of defensive arrangements for one room."

"I made it to prevent anyone from entering it." Yarsha Zahara said, clearly proud of her creation, "There are multiple barriers in it. The initial ones will simply act as a wall while the deeper ones will unleash a powerful shockwave capable of rupturing the intruder. So, it's both safe for my naughty kids and secure against external threats."

"I see that you've applied the same on the walls too. But," Wittral frowned upon noticing a point of oddity and rushed into the nearby room, "Follow me."

"There's a trace here." He pointed at a spot on the ground and stared at Yarsha Zahara in fluster.

"I can't detect anything amiss here." Yarsha Zahara shook her head.

"On a macro-scale, it looks like nothing is amiss. But in the micro-scale, there's an unnatural distribution of minerals in this spot." Wittral touched the location and spoke, "The uneven distribution is in the shape of a slit. Something had parted open the ground here and closed perfectly. Only an Empyrean Snapper can spot the changes."

"It's a high-level exhibition of the Nature of Drifting Tunnel." Wittral frowned in shock, "This is on a level superior to if Drifting Tunnel was a Gold Grade Nature."

He stared at Yarsha Zahara solemnly, pale with nervousness, "Loot has been here. And judging by the stress-strain indentations in the ground, he has left around an hour ago."

"Are you…sure you're not making a mistake?" Yarsha Zahara said before gasping in shock to see a tunnel open up. It wasn't a tunnel created using the Nature of Drifting Tunnel but Subtle Terrain Domination.

Wittral simply used the residue present in the location, making the tunnel open up naturally to see where it led into, speaking upon observation, "You didn't leave any defensive mechanisms on the floor. That's a classic oversight."

"Tch!" Yarsha Zahara bit her lips as she followed Wittral into the tunnel and walked out from the floor in her study, experiencing faint fields of gravity that made the movements easier on the body, unlike a traditional arch-shaped tunnel.

"He's already been here…" She understood once she picked up her Glove Slip and observed it, detecting signs of usage. Even though Virala erased all traces of himself from it, the Glove Slip hadn't been perfected yet. Hence, there were minuscule signs of wear and tear in it, which she was able to notice as the creator.

She then grabbed the Information Slips and checked their contents, 'Even though the information is the exact same, the walls are more robust than what I had created, as a result of the other party using too much Prana to perform the action.'

As she had only fused a single piece of Sumatra Gold in her Human Avatar, she didn't have much Prana to use. Hence, she used it sparingly in a technique she had created. As a result, the traces she would leave in an Information Slip were evident to her.

But the ones made by Virala were robust and pretty much resembled the Information Slips used commonly in the market. To anyone else, Virala's actions were perfect. But as she herself made purposeful mistakes to conserve Prana, Yarsha Zahara was able to conclude upon failing to see the imperfections anymore, 'He absorbed the information and made a copy in these Information Slips.'

Thud!

She collapsed to the floor for a moment, feeling her legs go weak in response upon observing the differences in all the Information Slips, "He has accessed everything here, everything!"

"It's not the worst-case scenario yet." Wittral propped her up and said, "Your children are fine. Wasn't that your biggest worry?"

"Yes…that's true." Yarsha Zahara quickly calmed down as she exited the study and observed her children stare at her with their gazes of curiosity, "Yes, as long as they are safe, nothing has been lost."

"But still, that bastard needs to pay for infiltrating my home." Yarsha Zahara growled as she stared at Wittral, "I need your help in generating the necessary resources."

Her stare was cold as she held a Comet in the shape of a bark, causing her fingertips to shine softly, having activated her Human Avatar, "I'm filling this estate with Comets."

"Hear! Hear! Orders from His Majesty, the Emperor!" A loud voice resounded from the entrance of the estate as a royal messenger shouted while holding a large scroll, "As of today, the Varahan Mansion will be sealed off indefinitely. Unless the owner pleads their case with the Emperor, the decision remains final."

"What now?" Yarsha Zahara became angry in response to the loud shouts. Accompanying Wittral, she approached the gates and stared at the royal messenger, "What's the issue?"

"Hear! Hear! Orders from His Majesty, the Emperor!" The messenger ignored her question and continued to shout aloud, relaying the entire message three times. Only after a large crowd had gathered did he stare at Yarsha Zahara, "If you wish to plead your case, ask your husband to see His Majesty, the Emperor."

"Are you deaf?" Yarsha Zahara cursed in anger, "I asked what's the issue? Tell me the answer, dammit!"

"Hear! Hear! Seal the Gates!" The messenger shouted as immediately, hundreds of Spirit Weapons in the shape of rods flew through the sky and slammed before the gates, forming a row to seal it up. Each rod spanned a length of forty metres and was lodged halfway into the ground.

The rods surrounded the Varahan Mansion and began to emanate a strange fluctuation into the estate. Sensing the fluctuation, Wittral flicked a rock towards the wall of the estate and noticed it become charred in response, 'It's a mysterious ability capable of instantly charring Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. I can easily take control over these rods, but it's for the best I don't reveal my identity here.'

"Then, Madam Yarsha, I'll take my leave." Wittral bowed towards her, "I'll try to contact the Boar King…"

"Hear! Hear!" The messenger didn't budge from his spot as he stared down at Wittral, "The Varahan Mansion has been sealed."

"No one within can leave it."

"Sir messenger, I'm merely a guest here." Wittral argued, getting angry upon being ignored, "I need to return to my shop."

'I can't get trapped here.' Veins popped on his forehead as Wittral was on the verge of murdering the heck out of everyone at the scene, 'I don't like spending a day away from Amita. Fuck these pieces of shit!'

"You…" Wittral stared at the messenger, his eyes spewing venom, "You better have a concrete reason. Otherwise…"

"Calm down, Wittral." Yarsha Zahara patted him on the shoulder and stared outside, whispering, "Do you hear their discussions? What are they talking about? Listen and tell me. That'll give us a better idea, since they seem to know something we don't."

Wittral spread his senses outside through Subtle Terrain Domination and could hear the hushed discussions, muttering in shock, "They are saying the Boar King stole the Brimgan Empire's property."

'Fucking Loot.' Yarsha Zahara grew angry the more she heard the discussions from Wittral, 'You dare make a mockery of my husband?'

"You want war? You'll get one!" Her mood became twisted.



Chapter 440 Yarsha’s Absurd Human Avatar

?440 Yarsha’s Absurd Human Avatar

Racing up the sloped roads was a carriage. Seated within was a couple having the time of their lives, admiring the changing scenery. Karuta Hill was a popular tourist attraction and very well deserved the title.

Hiding in the girl's Secondary Nature Slot was Virala, his mind occupied with the information he had gained from the Varahan Mansion just now. 'Fucking hell. Yarsha Zahara has become even more absurd as compared to Sumatra Chronicles!'

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

This absurd Nature worked in regard to every single Nature. When the effects of a Nature touches Yarsha Zahara's Human Avatar, the ability gets absorbed by her and falls under her control. She is then able to reflect it onto her target.

Though she isn't able to store any Natures in her body like the Astral Chart, Yarsha Zahara's Human Avatar became immune to the effects of all Natures. At the Mystic Grade, she's able to absorb and reflect as many Natures as she's trained to handle.

The limit was herself. Basically, if she's able to handle a hundred Natures at a moment, she could train to increase the limit. She only grew stronger over time.

At the Misty Flake Tea House, when Wittral targeted her using Subtle Terrain Domination, Yarsha Zahara took control of the ability. It was why the air he attacked her with fell under her control once she activated her Human Avatar.

Following that, she touched a Satellite with her Human Avatar, absorbing its Nature too, using which she transformed the wind

—under the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination—into a Satellite that consciously followed her and protected her.

This way, she didn't have to employ her brainpower to actively control it, for that was foolish to do before Wittral. The best example was Amita. Even though she had the Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination too, no matter how much she trained in it, she would never come close to Wittral who was born to wield this power.

Hence, if Yarsha Zahara were to face Wittral using Subtle Terrain Domination, she would be destroyed casually by her opponent. It was why she spontaneously thought up a counter and grabbed a cup made using a Satellite.

By absorbing its Nature, she combined its power with Subtle Terrain Domination, as a result obtaining a defensive entity that would protect her from Wittral. Moreover, had Wittral continued to attack her, he would only have resulted in the creation of more Satellites working for her.

She hardly expended much Prana through the conversion as she simply turned Wittral's power against him. This was what made her terrifying.

With a Human Avatar made of Sumatra Gold, Yarsha Zahara became an entity immune to the effects of all Natures. Of course, there was an inherent weakness to this, which was why she was injured by Wittral's first attack.

Only her Human Avatar was immune to the Natures. It means that until she activates it, she is killable. Moreover, at present, only her fingertips could become Sumatra Gold once she activated her Human Avatar, for that was how much she had built it, having only used one piece of Sumatra Gold.

Only on the day when she reaches the peak of the Body Stage would she truly become invincible and an existence as dangerous as the Boar King. When necessary, Yarsha Zahara could hang around the Boar King and act as his armour by tanking all the Natures being used to attack him.

She'll then combine them as she pleases—such as the combo of Subtle Terrain Domination and Satellite against Wittral—and face their enemies while the Boar King could casually swat them down without issues.

They would be an unrivalled combo, 'Even if I were to become strong in the future, she'll remain a hard counter towards me. And the moment she comes in contact with my Prana, she'll be able to use Weaponisation.'

Yarsha Zahara couldn't create the Nature from scratch. She wasn't absorbing the Nature itself like the Boar King. All she did was absorb the effects of a Nature and use it.

Supposed Wittral consumed 100 units of Prana to activate Subtle Terrain Domination on the surrounding air and targeted Yarsha Zahara with it. Once she absorbed it, Yarsha Zahara only had a volume of air with the effect of Subtle Terrain Domination worth 100 units of Prana. Once the volume was expended, she would be unable to use Subtle Terrain Domination anymore.

It wasn't an accumulation ability like Virala's Weaponisation and the Boar King's Astral Chart or Voracious Nature. It was a reactive type ability that allowed her to counter the effects of Natures targeted at her.

'If she's able to use Weaponisation, no matter for how short, she'll be able to equip my Nature Weapons on her being.' He thought in frustration. If Yarsha Zahara manages to steal two of his Mystic Grade Nature Weapons and equip them to her two empty Nature Slots, then she'll become even more terrifying.

The absolutely worst combination would be her obtaining his Nature Weapons of Tusk and Leech. With them, not only would she obtain a robust body that could shrug off most attacks without issues, but she'd also be able to recover from sneak attacks to her body in situations where she failed to activate her Human Avatar on time.

It was why he left in a hurry upon gaining information about her powers. At present, based on the people whose powers he knew about, Virala realised that Yarsha Zahara was a hard counter towards everyone except Blola.

Everyone else would only end up giving her ammo to work with. 'The Boar King will come out of his hiding spot in three days and meet with her. Fourteen months later, my time will come. After seeing her then, he won't be coming out for an entire year. That's the best window to target her.'

'Before meeting her, I need to make plans. Otherwise, I'll only end up strengthening her with my Nature Weapons.' Virala began to make plans accordingly.

"We're here." The girl shouted as the carriage arrived at the peak of Karuta Hill. She got down in a hurry alongside her boyfriend and walked through the place. As she walked through the place, she came across a cliff when an orb jumped out of her body and dropped down from the cliff.

"Did you see anything?" The girl turned towards the cliff and frowned, only able to see mist cover her vision.

"I didn't see anything." Her boyfriend said and pointed her towards a restaurant, "That's a famous scenic spot. We can see the Tusk from it. Let's eat there."

"Do you have enough money to afford the place?"

"Of course, anything for you, darling!"

While the couple showered each other with flowery words, a pair of moustaches extended out of the orb and acted as springs while the orb bounced off the indentations on the cliff. It was a comical sight of tumbling down haphazardly but was pretty efficient as Virala ensured his orb form wasn't damaged.

He had kept the Nature Weapons of Tusk and Leech equipped in his base state, for they were useful for pretty much all the situations unless he had something specific in mind. As the orb fell through the mist, Virala was able to see the severed tusk of the Mammoth Ancestor come into view, 'It's as grand as in the pictures. But why does it look more haggard than before?'

As he continued to fall, Virala noticed a small team of Empyrean Zingers in miniature form busy scuttling about on its surface, seemingly absorbing something from it due to the fluctuations of Prana emanating from them.

And as they absorbed something, the condition of the Mammoth Ancestor's tusk worsened. Instantly, Virala knew what was happening, 'Inala, that fucker! He's stealing all the inheritances!'

"Fuckers! Don't screw with me! That's MINE!"



