Chapter 621 Can You Hear Me?

Zahara Kingdom Colosseum!

The Wean Selection started in earnest as a large crowd of youths at a marriageable age proceeded through the various events in order to appeal to the Wean Clansmen. The Wean Selection was divided into two: males and females.

The female event was boisterous as a large number of women tried to appeal to the three Wean Clansmen of Brana, Baga, and Braga. The Zahara King announced that each of the trio would accept at least thirty women as their bride.

As there were a lot of slots, it meant many had the opportunity to become part of the Wean Clan. So, the competition was cutthroat.

In contrast, the male side was pretty tame, as the only Wean Clansman they could impress was Barla. Moreover, she only declared ten slots.

So, all the able-bodied men had to compete for a mere ten slots while the women had ninety slots to compete for. Obviously, greater attention was placed on the female section.

Even if Barla gets pregnant, if she were to give birth while in human form, she'd only birth one baby. There was a small chance of the birth of twins or even triplets.

However, the male Wean Clansmen could get many Free Human women pregnant at the same time. So, the ones involved in increasing the population of the Wean Clan by a large extent were Brana, Baga, and Braga.

"First competition is painting!" The Zahara King announced as he stared at the crowd that had gathered in an orderly manner, "Your task is to paint my face in an hour. You'll be awarded points based on your artistic vision and the quality of your art."

"You can either paint with your hands or do it using a Spirit Weapon. The choice is yours." Saying so, he signalled the start of the competition, watching tens of thousands of women start painting immediately.

Seated in the seats of the judges were the trio of Brana, Bagam, and Braga, nervous at the situation.

"I'm feeling intimidated." Baga trembled faintly, "So many women are working hard for us."

"Not for us, but for mother and father." Brana said, "Though we have Gold Grade strength, we have no accomplishments. We're being sought after only because of the strength and status of our parents."

"Forget about it," Braga interjected the conversation, "I'm more worried about big sister. She has to do things alone. If only…"

"Enough," Brana glared at Braga, telling him to stop talking about their dead sisters, for that only served to rile up the trio.

"I understand," Braga sighed, "I'm just…sad."

"One day, we'll avenge our sisters." Brana grunted, "Resha will pay dearly. Until then, we need to focus on strengthening ourselves."

"Has Mother finalised the Tertiary Nature that she plans to give us?" Baga asked next, "I hope it's something strong enough to allow us to fight against an Empyrean Tusk."

"I heard mother and father talking about it." Brana said after a moment of thought, "The plan is to get us a Tertiary Nature that's a Gold Grade version of Astral Chart. With it, we'll be able to better use our stockpiled Natures."

"Oh, that is possible?" Baga was surprised, "Does a Gold Grade version of Astral Chart exist?"

"Mother plans to create it," Brana nodded, "I'm not sure how she goes about doing that though."

"As long as I'm strong enough to kill Resha, I don't care about anything else." Braga muttered as he began to focus on the competition, "Let's not distract ourselves. We need to select talented women who will shape the future of the Wean Clan."

While the trio focused their attention on the Free Human women going through a painting competition, Barla accompanied Shuwrak Zahara to observe the competition in the male section. They too had started with a painting competition.

Painting, hand-to-hand combat, singing, cooking, architecture, obstacle sprinting, etc. A total of thirty competitions had been organised, one per day. And the ones with the highest points will be selected by the Wean Clansmen.

At this point, Yarsha Zahara addressed a group of soldiers, "Listen, safety is of utmost importance. Nothing amiss should happen, alright?"

"Yes!" The soldiers saluted in response and dispersed, intending to strengthen security around the Kingdom.

Once they left, Yarsha Zahara stared at a group of individuals dressed no different from regular citizens, "Your task is of tantamount importance."

"Everyone has received the respective Natures, yes?" She asked and observed the five individuals before her, sensing the influence of multiple Natures from the presence they unleashed. "Good!"

She then took out a vial and gave one to each, "Keep it close to you. The moss within the vial can react to the presence of anyone carrying a Nature Weapon."

"Do we intercept the target, Your Majesty?" The leader of the team of five bowed respectfully to ask.

"No, you've only recently begun to build your Human Avatar. Though you have Gold Grade strength, you're not their match." Yarsha Zahara shook her head, "You only need to note their position and tail them from afar. With your Natures, you'll be able to blend in with the crowd without causing any suspicion."

Gold Inheritance Art!

Once it was completed, Yarsha Zahara gathered the Free Humans most compatible with it, ones displaying the highest talent in her Kingdom. She managed to find five such people and made them build a Human Avatar using Vara produced by the Celestial Boar.

This Vara was at the Gold Grade, giving them significantly greater strength than those who will be building their Human Avatars with Silver Grade Vara. It also had special properties that seemed to be in the process of manifesting.

Yarsha Zahara hadn't researched them fully yet. But currently, they were the best bet at detecting Gannala or Virala. Hence, she mobilised them.

The five Free Humans had just entered the Body Stage. So in terms of strength, they weren't anything worth commenting about. But eventually, they'll become one of the strongest of the Varahan Empire, serving as a personal guard for Yarsha Zahara and Brangara.

"Keep me posted using the shrieks of the Zingers." She nodded and condensed a Tangible Nature which was a Zinger King.

"Yes," The five Free Humans too had been equipped with Tangible Natures of Zingers. As they had limited Prana capacity, their Tangible Natures were only of a Zinger Scout.

Once Yarsha Zahara informed them of everything they needed to know, the team of five dispersed, mingling among the crowd that had come to watch the Wean Selection, subtly searching for the Nature Weapon that had been equipped onto a Nature slot.

Once she had given all orders, Yarsha Zahara walked to her seat in the colosseum, observing the Wean Selection. Taking her seat next to the Zahara King, she stared at her father to ask, "How many Kingdoms are participating now?"

"Fourteen," The Zahara King took out a bunch of Information Slips and handed them over to her, "This contains the travel records of them all. It wasn't easy to obtain this from them."

"Nice," Yarsha thanked her father and started by observing the travel records of the Burac Kingdom, 'Let's see how they managed to arrive here so soon.'

"…" Two hours later, her expression was fierce, 'A mysterious individual with Gold Grade strength gave them the news. And upon hearing it, they rushed here.'

'As I suspected, they're behind it.' Yarsha Zahara wasn't able to figure out if the culprit was Gannala or Virala, but she became assured that it was one of them. 'Good, I'll proceed with the plans as usual.'

While her mind was revving up at full intensity, forging hundreds of plans to outwit her enemies, the one seated next to her seat in silence, behaving as Brangara was none other than Yennda. His mind was in a state of serenity, not thinking of anything.

To display the demeanour of the Celestial Boar, Yennda was commanded to act aloof and not give attention to anyone in the Wean Selection, even those performing the best. Yarsha Zahara will tell him to stare in a certain direction to look at the man or woman who caught her fancy.

Only then will Yennda look in the direction of the respective individual. This action of his implies that the contestant had caught the eye of the Celestial Boar, implying a guarantee of occupying one of the slots.

Due to all this, Yennda wasn't able to observe the Wean Selection. Hence, he was feeling bored. As a result, he closed his eyes and embraced sleep, intending to mimic a sloth.

[Don't fucking fall asleep!]

Suddenly, Yarsha Zahara's voice resounded aloud in a Bone Slip that he was made to carry, which jolted him awake. Through her Glove Slip Skill, she was able to make an Information Slip out of all materials. Hence, to communicate with Yennda, she used a Bone Slip, which was all the latter could access.

[Fine!]

Yennda sighed mentally as he appeared aloof to the common populace. 'I'm feeling sleepy. I worked a lot yesterday.'

While Yennda tried his best to remain awake, something stirred up in his mind space, stunning him. Slowly, the data clusters there condensed to form a small cup, out of which a string of words jutted out.

[…Dad?]

[Can you hear me?"]



Chapter 622 The Power of Attribute

Varahan Enclave!

Arriving at a sudden halt from a high-speed run in his human form was Brangara, looking around the place as he frowned, 'Did any of those bastards enter my home?'

"Check them out!" He said and released dozens of Tangible Natures of Razor Rats, one of the native Pranic Beast races of the Varahan Enclave.

Primary Nature—Shredded Lunge!

Razor Rats lived in the swamps of the Varahan Enclave and spent their time hiding right underneath the water surface. The moment a Yoked Wyrm appears near the swamp, it'll lunge towards its target at great speeds, unleashing a flux of wind at the end of its path that is capable of shredding its opponent.

Brangara casually swallowed a group of Razor Rats and condensed their Natures in his Astral World as Tangible Natures. Following that, he manifested them outside, making them condense in the same shape as their original bodies.

At his command, the Razor Rats spread across the Varahan Enclave, intending to search for any traces of outsiders. Brangara continued to consume more Razor Rats and spat them out as Tangible Natures to help with the search.

By now, he had a good handle on his power. The number of Tangible Natures he could store in his Astral Chart was limited to 100. But that didn't mean the total number of Tangible Natures in his control was limited to that.

Consider the current situation where he was sending out groups of Tangible Natures of Razor Rats. The moment he brought them outside his Astral World, it was no different from activating them. Therefore, they'll dissipate once Brangara deactivates them.

There were a few ways in which they could dissipate. First was him voluntarily deactivating them. Second would be when the Tangible Natures used up all the Prana that was in their bodies. Without Prana to upkeep their function, they'll dissipate. This characteristic was similar to Orakha's Mystic Eaters.

After some experimentation, Brangara observed that he could technically release the Tangible Natures from his control. Once he does that, his Prana will no longer funnel into them. This was useful in situations where the Tangible Nature had to function beyond his Spirit Weapon range.

In terms of appearance, a Tangible Nature looked like a blurry counterpart of its original body, as if made out of coloured mist. Their physical strength varied depending on the Pranic Beast.

The Tangible Nature of an Empyrean Tusk was by far the strongest in his possession, as through Internal Inertial Gravity, the Tangible Nature had a tough body. Of course, as it wasn't a living being, it couldn't condense a biome within it.

The formation of a biome was only possible when it was equipped onto a living being. Making use of Brangara's current power set became many times more complex than his Empyrean Boar King self.

Which Tangible Nature could function properly, which stood a chance against a Pranic Beast on its own, which Tangible Nature could he invest resources upon to grow through the Life Stage, etc??There was a lot that he had to consider.

Thankfully, one advantage he had with his current build was in being able to withstand swarm tactics better. 'Especially against that bastard!'

If an army of Zingers were to attack him, he could swallow those in range and spit them out immediately as Tangible Natures. This way, he could use an army of Tangible Natures of Zingers against Zingers.

Conscious control was unnecessary, since the Tangible Natures retained their prior life's intelligence. All they lacked was self-will and conscious thought. So, as long as he gave them some commands, they'll execute the tasks on their own.

The Tangible Natures of Razor Rats were the same. After Brangara let go of his control on them, they continued to run through Varahan Enclave, driven by his command. Faint mist dissipated from their bodies as just to exist, they were consuming Prana.

So, this method wasn't sustainable for anything long-term. As Brangara walked across the Varahan Enclave, the Razor Rats that finished scouting their respective spots returned to him. He consumed them and gained the relevant information. Following that, the remainder of their Tangible Nature forms were digested to generate Prana.

"Hmm, there's nothing?" He frowned after a few days of search, failing to detect any traces of his enemies, 'Yarsha was confident that they would be coming for us by now. Strange!'

He patted his pocket, clicking his tongue, "I forgot that I don't have them anymore."

They were Life Bombs holding Prana emulated into Virala's Prana signature. Brangara obtained them from Amita Brimgan at the Brimgan Empire, using which he chased down Loot. Eventually, he used them all up, and during the Second Major Disaster, in his hurry to return to the rescue of his wife, he misplaced the empty Life Bombs.

He didn't know where he dropped them. Back then, he wasn't worried about losing them, since Amita would make him as many Life Bombs with Loot's Prana signature. But now, that was no longer an option.

Amita Brimgan was merely another identity of the Royal Zinger, an enemy that rivalled him. "It has been three years since that bastard became the Royal Zinger. I thought he would have approached me to fight long ago."

'He must be scheming somewhere.' Brangara thought, feeling pressured mentally. After all, when Amita made him help her, she didn't even have a Spirit Container.

The Royal Zinger's strength was threatening enough, but Brangara wasn't pressured by that, instead, he was on guard against Inala's schemes. Even when Inala had no semblance of strength, he dared scheme against the ultimate predator of Sumatra and succeeded.

It could be said that one of the biggest pieces that contributed to the birth of the Royal Zinger was Brangara. It was through his Prana that Inala obtained Wittral's Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination.

But in truth, Brangara's contributions were bigger than what he realised. After all, through his power, Inala wielded five Natures. Mammoth Clan male and Cooter Clan female, an unprecedented existence in the entirety of Sumatra's history.

What Inala had achieved at that point was even more impressive than becoming a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. And the greatest contributor towards making that a reality was Brangara.

Therefore, Brangara felt the pressure. When Inala did all that even when his strength could be considered ant-like before Brangara, his schemes would be even more terrifying, considering he was at the same level of existence as Brangara now, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

"I'll be prepared to face everything!" Brangara muttered as he arrived at a stop in the centre of the Varahan Enclave, having emptied all the Tangible Natures in his Astral World. Now, Astral World was a mere dot, for no Tangible Natures lived in it.

The size of the Astral World varied to accommodate the Tangible Natures living in it. So, it would be at its biggest if Brangara were to fill it up with Tangible Natures of Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers.

"Let's see if this works." He assumed Celestial Boar form and towered over the trees, becoming an existence no different from a moving hill. With a stretch of his hand, he grabbed over a dozen Petrified Geese and swallowed them whole.

In a matter of seconds, they were digested and appeared in his Astral World as Tangible Natures, "Nothing yet?"

"Let's take it further." He thought and consumed even more of them, steadily increasing the number of Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese in his Astral World.

"Still nothing?" He frowned after accumulating forty of them in his Astral World. "Fine, I'll go all out then."

The Celestial Boar carefully walked across the Varahan Enclave in order to avoid terraforming the place through the motion of his mountainous body. Due to his body's density, he was a lot heavier than he looked.

In terms of overall weight, he was heavier than an Empyrean Tusk—when the weight of its biomes was ignored. As his body occupied a smaller volume than an Empyrean Tusk, he was a lot denser.

Hence, the impact of his steps was devastatingly worse on the environment. An Empyrean Tusk relies upon Internal Inertial Gravity to lessen the impact of its weight on the ground as much as possible.

Moreover, to avoid causing an earthquake, Empyrean Tusks moved slowly, controlling themselves to avoid running. At present, Brangara didn't have Internal Inertial Gravity. He used them all up a the Attributed Region during the Second Major Disaster.

Hence, he had to exercise utmost caution to avoid trampling his home to ruins. It was a comical scene as the ultimate predator of Sumatra Continent tiptoed across the place and gently captured Petrified Geese to consume.

When Yarsha Zahara interrogated Yennda, a certain statement said by the latter became stuck in Brangara's head. It was related to Resha's death in Sumatra Chronicles and the state of the Empyrean Boar King.

Carrying over fifty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, the 10-

Life Stage Empyrean Boar King was an invincible existence, said to be able to fight even Silver Transcendents. Nothing could stop him. As a result, Resha died a dog's death to him.

The point Brangara focused on here was the fact that he was said to wield the power of Internal Inertial Gravity in his maddened state—where he was fully influenced to consider himself an Empyrean Tusk—without actually activating the Nature.

This was a puzzling piece of information. How could he have displayed the effects of a Nature without activating it? As he thought about it, he got his answer immediately—influence.

When he had twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, they formed a synergy in his Astral Chart and screamed at Empyrean Tusks to flee from him. As a result, all Empyrean Tusks were able to sense his position from far away.

In contrast, he couldn't sense them. But that changed during the Fourth Major Disaster, where he could sense their position through the hunger he felt. At that time, having consumed enough Empyrean Tusk Natures, his mind was fully influenced by them to believe that he was an Empyrean Tusk.

Hence, the irony towards the climax of Sumatra Chronicles was that the Mammoth Clan was annihilated by an existence that was more Empyrean Tusk than Empyrean Tusks themselves.

When Yennda quoted it, Brangara had a thought process. The over fifty Natures of Interla Inertial Gravity didn't just influence his mind, but his body and soul too. As a result, his Prana carried their influence, "Which had accumulated to a level on par with the effects of the Major Treasure of Attribute."

"As a result, my Prana had the properties of Internal Inertial Gravity, which was the reason for the dialogue that I was more Empyrean Tusk than the Empyrean Tusks themselves." As he muttered, Brangara consumed the last Petrified Geese, not holding 100 Tangible Natures of it in his Astral World.

He reverted to human form and sat in meditation, observing his Prana as he began to feel the influence from the Natures stack up. And slowly, the effect was being displayed, "So, it indeed works."

Brangara felt his body faintly stiffening up as the influence on his Prana continued to grow. Upon seeing that, he grinned in excitement, "So that was what Sumatra Chronicles meant."

"You've ended up helping me, Renduldu. As gratitude, I'll kill you once I reach the Transcendent Worlds." Brangara muttered as he stared at the Transcendent Worlds hovering in the sky, "If you're observing me, stay put obediently. I'm coming for you."

As he spoke, his body stiffened up further. The cause was the power of the Petrified Geese.

Primary Nature—Statue!



Chapter 623 Preparing to Target The Cooter Clan

﻿﻿Primary Nature—Statue!

All it did was allow the Petrified Geese to perfectly behave as a statue. It remained as still as an inanimate object; visible to the naked eye, and in terms of appearance, looked the same as it did normally—as a Pranic Beast.

The Primary Nature of Statue prevents it from sweating or even breathing. It has a specific set of pores on its skin that only allow air to pass through, using which the air necessary for the blood is obtained and expunged.

Once activated, the Petrified Geese typically maintains it until either a prey comes in the vicinity of it or it runs out of Prana. Once deactivated, it reverts to breathing through its lungs.

And now, Brangara was experiencing the effects of the Nature of Statue even without activating it. Of course, after some minutes of observation, he concluded it as a failure, "Iron Grade Natures aren't potent enough."

The influence generated by them was too weak to affect his Prana. Even the Empyrean Boar King in Sumatra Chronicles was only influenced by fifty Gold Grade Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, not to mention the Celestial Boar. "If I want such an influence, I'll have to stockpile Gold Grade Natures at the very least."

He wasn't sure at what point the stockpiled Empyrean Tusk Natures began to give the effect of the Major Treasure of Attribute—for the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity—to the Sumatra Chronicles Boar King, "All Sumatra Chronicles shows is when I appeared with the effect. It has no details as to when the effect took place. Maybe forty Natures were enough. Whether it was more or less, I need to experiment to figure it out."

Honestly speaking, Brangara was interested in obtaining this power. If setting aside fifty slots allowed him to permanently wield the power of a Gold Grade Nature, then he'd happily accept it.

After all, unlike in the case of Astral Chart, the Tangible Natures can live and develop in his Astral World. Meaning, the longer he maintains the state, the stronger he will become, since he'll be accumulating Skills, Prime Skills, and complex techniques related to the usage of the respective Nature.

The Tangible Natures would be developing them in his Astral World.

Moreover, as the Celestial Boar, he was influencing the Tangible Natures in his Astral World. This meant that even if he were to have fifty Gold Grade Natures, he wouldn't lose his mind like in Sumatra Chronicles.

He'll have to meditate from time to time, but that was it. He'll remain in control of himself. After all, the Tangible Natures in his Astral World would become influenced by him over time. Therefore, the influence they unleash on him would be compatible with his being.

Thanks to it, he could go ahead with the plan to accumulate fifty Gold Grade Natures.

It was indeed possible to nurture a Gold Grade Tangible Nature through the Life Stage. Once it hits the 10-Life Stage, there is a small chance it could become a Minor Treasure as a Tangible Nature.

Unfortunately, Brangara didn't have the time to do that. Now that he had full knowledge of Sumatra Chronicles, he understood that all seven Mystic Paths would face him during the Fourth Major Disaster with their endgame build.

Whatever possibility of strength he could attain had to be realistically gained before that. He felt that there would be enough parties threatening to even him.

To elevate a Gold Grade Nature to the level of a Minor Treasure would take him at least a millennium. He would have to constantly consume food to generate enough Prana to nurture it. And if his luck was shitty, the fusion into a Minor Treasure wouldn't happen once the Tangible Nature reached the 10-Life Stage.

When it fails, the Tangible Nature will be destroyed, washing down the drain centuries of effort. As a result, Brangara could simply not afford to permanently gain the power of a Gold Grade Nature.

Hence, his best bet for the time being was to gather around forty to fifty Gold Grade Natures and gain its power passively. There were plenty of powerful Gold Grade Natures that suited his purpose.

But Brangara only had eyes on two: Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination.

They were the strongest Gold Grade Natures and were available in large numbers. The Nature from a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast would probably require around sixty or more to influence his Prana enough. That would result in the occupation of too many slots.

Hence, his goal was to attain the effect with as few slots as possible. Only two Natures were suitable for that purpose, as they resulted from Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

A few seconds of thinking later, Brangara made the decision, "Alright, I'll target the Empyrean Snappers."

The reason was simple. Sumatra Chronicles already had details in which a Mammoth Clansman could gain a Secondary Nature. Resha had three Natures.

Brangara knew that those who cultivated Mystic Bone Art had an easier time gaining a second Nature. Obviously, the Empyrean Tusks too would have chosen that path, pressured by the existence of the Celestial Boar.

'Currently, I have no idea where they are.' He frowned, as when he roamed the wilds in the past three years, he was unable to detect any traces of the Mammoth Clan's existence. It was as if they had vanished into thin air.

"And even if I find them, if they have two Natures, then I can no longer consume them and gain a Tangible Nature." He muttered with a tone of pity, "They're able to assume human form. It means they figured out the way to obtain the Nature of Cultivator."

He sighed at that, recalling his time during the Second Major Disaster when he chased after Resha. At times, when he barged into a Compartment, a woman or two were already there, who promptly fled into nearby Compartments.

They were most definitely Empyrean Tusks. Brangara understood it even before he confirmed it with Yennda. Hence, he realised that hunting Empyrean Tusks was futile for his purpose, which only left him with one option—the Empyrean Snappers.

'Before they're influenced by the seven Mystic Paths through the butterfly effect and figure out ways to gain a Secondary Nature, let's strike.' Thinking as such, Brangara made the decision, "Once the Wean Selection ends and I finish my preparations, I'll be targeting them."

Currently, the Dralh Sea was being invaded by the Bludders in large numbers. Bludders on one side and Phells on the other. The group of 38 Empyrean Snappers at the Dralh Sea were caught between the two.

The situation hadn't stabilised to date, as the battle had raged for three years. Due to the early arrival of the Major Treasure of Attribute, the water cycle in the region had been disturbed, which broke the balance.

After the balance in the Guna Caves was affected by it, the number of Bludders increased in numbers as their daily invasion into the Dralh Sea increased in success. And now, the place was overrun by them, despite the Cooter Clan taking measures to constantly eradicate large numbers of these spinning balls of bladed doom.

The Cooter Clan had requested help from branches of it situated in other accompanying water bodies. The last time Brangara approached the Dralh Sea, more than forty Empyrean Snappers were battling the Bludders and Phells.

The number might have increased even further to ease up the load faced by the Dralh Sea's Cooter Clan. "It's the best time to target them, since the Empyrean Snappers have been weakened by constant fighting for three years."

"But it's still not easy to face forty-plus Empyrean Snappers at the same time, even for me." Thinking as such, Brangara began to make plans, "I need to accumulate Natures that allow me to consume them all."

"And I need to do it before the remainder of the Cooter Clan hears news about my attack and joins the fight." He made the decision, "My attacks should be swift and relentless."

The Cooter Clan had more than 200 Empyrean Snappers. Brangara didn't know the actual amount, but just based on what he had observed, he managed to detect such a high number of these Deities.

Due to the sheer volume of resources they needed, the Empyrean Snappers established themselves as small groups in various locations. The Cooter Clan already had enmity with Brangara ever since he killed two of their Deities.

But afraid of his power, they restrained themselves, intending to minimise their losses until the day they had a Mystic Grade amongst them. It's why the Cooter Clan didn't dare chase after him relentlessly even when he supposedly killed Wittral.

They were afraid of getting annihilated if they were to face his wrath. "But the moment I kill a large number of Empyrean Snappers, the entirety of the Cooter Clan will ally against me."

"Do I wait until Yarsha builds her strength further? Or do I strike now?" Brangara hesitated for a few minutes before making his choice, "There's already enough enmity between the two of us. Before they birth a Mystic Grade Empyrean Snapper and come after me seriously, it's for the Wean Clan's benefit to weaken them first."

Brangara gathered close to twenty Razor Rat Natures of Shredded Lunge, feeling that they'd remain useful for his purpose. Sneak attacks, strong penetrating power, fleeing, and insane recovery. With that in mind, he decided on his build.

Twenty Razor Rat Natures of Shredded Lunge, twenty Bludder Natures of Eddy Blades, ten Shifting Ant Natures of Drifting Tunnel, and finally, fifty Decaleech Natures of Bloody Affection.

'Maybe I can try growing one Tangible Nature of Decaleech by taking advantage of this opportunity.' Brangara grinned, "For every 10 Empyrean Snappers I consume, my Empyrean Boar King body would grow to maturity. For my current self, I might need around fifteen I think."

"Okay, I'll aim to reach the peak of the 3-Life Stage through this and use the remainder resources from consuming the Empyrean Snappers to grow a Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection into a Minor Treasure."

In human form, Brangara began to sprint in the direction of the Sticky-Slip Plateau. His goal was to consume fifty Decaleeches. Once he accumulated the necessary amount, he'd head into the Guna Caves.

Since the Dralh Sea was adjacent to the Guna Caves, he'd directly jump the Cooter Clan.



Chapter 624 Corners and Slips

"Leader, we found the culprit." Dressed no different from a commoner enjoying the spectacle in the Zahara Kingdom's colosseum was a woman in her early thirties. She approached a man who appeared to be in his late thirties and whispered casually, acting as if she was merely commenting about the competition.

"Where?" The man asked, displaying no change in expression. He was Bunakin Vara, Leader of the Royal Guards who protected the Emperor and Empress of the Varahan Empire.

Though the Varahan Empire hadn't been established, they were secretly given their official designation. A total of five people were selected for it.

When Yarsha Zahara approached him first, Bunakin Vara was overwhelmed, for his life changed for the better. After helping him destroy his original Spirit Container carefully, Yarsha Zahara helped him retain a unit of Prana.

From a single Spirit Container, she helped him heal it and build a hundred Spirit Containers to reach the peak of the Spirit Stage. Following that, he successfully managed to enter the Body Stage.

If not for her help, he wouldn't have been able to overcome the influence accumulated in his body by his previous Human Avatar. Hence, he was grateful for Yarsha Zahara's help. After all, his current Human Avatar was made using Vara produced by the Celestial Boar, giving him Gold Grade strength and a lifespan worthy of one.

Once he succeeded, Yarsha Zahara granted him the suffix of Vara, signifying his designation as a Royal Guard. Only the Royal Guards had the privilege to bear the suffix of Vara, the same name that had been attached to the mineral created through powdering the tusks of Empyrean Boars.

From a negligible commoner to attaining one of the highest seats of power, Bunakin Vara had become a completely different person. The first task assigned to him by the Varahan Empire's Empress was to locate Gannala and Virala.

"It's that man in red," The woman seated next to Bunakin Vara said. She was the Royal Guard named Shael Vara, "I managed to observe him in closeup when I brushed past him just now. There's a Nature Weapon in him."

"Good work," Bunakin Vara signalled another Royal Guard, "You approach that man and keep an eye on him from nearby."

"Okay," The Royal Guard, Katal Vara nodded and got up from his seat. He slowly waddled his way through the seated crowd and headed to a spot ten seats behind the target.

Along the way, he passed by a woman in her early twenties, a decently talented individual since her presence indicated that she was at the Body Stage. She only had one Nature, so she didn't strike as someone suspicious.

As Katal Vara walked past her, her eyes trailed across the man for a moment, 'They've been granted powerful Skills to mask their Gold Grade presence. But their expertise is minimal, making it easy to see through their actions.'

The woman was Gannala. Currently, she occupied the Nature Slot of someone in the Spirit Stage. Hence, there was just one Nature in the woman's body.

[I told you so. Yarsha Zahara is terrifying. Look, she already figured out a method to make others detect people equipped with Nature Weapons!]

A message appeared in her Bone Slip, sent by Virala who was seated a hundred metres away. Hearing his comment from the Bone Slip, Gannala was silent. Honestly, she was feeling the pressure already. The rate at which Yarsha Zahara was cornering her position continued to increase at an alarming level.

Currently, she still possessed enough methods to avoid detection. Her Tertiary Nature of Cultivator allowed her to give human forms to all Pranic Beasts. Similarly, she figured out that by accumulating the same effect on a Free Human, she was able to hide herself better in the target's Nature Slot.

This way, she'd appear no different from the woman's Primary Nature, which was where she had equipped herself. Moreover, Cultivator allowed a Pranic Beast to cultivate through the Life Stage.

Hence, this effect stabilised the woman's Spirit Containers, allowing them to hold Gannala's Nature Weapon form. Otherwise, her Spirit Containers would have crumbled due to the stress long ago.

Even for the individual that Virala was currently occupying, Gannala first entered their Nature slot, applied the effect of Cultivator, and left the body. Only after that did Virala enter it. And the moment the individual's Spirit Containers show signs of destabilising, Virala would return to Gannala.

Depending on the situation, she would either use the effects of Cultivator on the individual or store Virala's Nature Weapon to flee elsewhere.

[Do we have to risk everything by staying here? Our purpose will be achieved as long as we kidnap one of the newly birthed Wean Clansman. Instead of wasting time here, we're better off turning more Pranic Beasts into Nature Weapons for your use.]

Seeing that she wasn't replying, Virala spoke further.

[I don't mean to be pessimistic, but Yarsha Zahara is a terrifying woman. Once she starts something, she's unstoppable. She has already figured out countless ways to use Yennda's powers to target us.]

'He has a point.' Gannala frowned in response as her eyes trailed upon the back of a man seated ten rows before her. Peeking out of the sleeves of his shirt was a mole. To the naked eye, it didn't appear anything different from a mole.

But the moment she approached a bit closer to the man, the bangle on her hands reacted. The bangle was a Satellite that she created by equipping herself onto the body of an Enran—that was turned into a human through the Nature of Cultivator.

The fact that the Satellite was reacting implied it considered the mole a threat. It meant that something was hidden in the man, disguising itself as a mole on his back, able to target her specifically.

'Maybe it reacts to Mystic Bone Art. But how can it sense my usage of it when I have hidden myself perfectly?' Gannala didn't have an answer. Maybe if she were using her Inhibition Needle, she could have thought it to be the case.

The Inhibition Needle was created through the combined effort of Inala and Maroppa using the skeleton of a Millinger. Mystic Bone Art was obviously used during the creation process. So maybe there was some trace on it that whatever hid in the mole could detect.

But Gannala was currently occupying a Free Human woman. Hence, she wasn't using the Inhibition Needle. 'So, what method is it using to detect me?'

[Look at the guy seated ten rows before me and tell me your thoughts.]

She communicated with Virala, intending to brainstorm together. If she alone couldn't figure it out, then it was best to get some help. In response to her question, Virala got up from his seat and approached her, taking a seat next to her.

Whether to buy food, head to the restroom, etc. people moved across the viewer gallery all the time, so their actions weren't odd. It was why Virala approached her, since he had already managed to spot the five Royal Guards actively searching for the two of them.

"Oh, I got it." Virala grinned after some time had passed.

[What did you find out?]

Gannala communicated through the Bone Slip, seeing Virala gaze at the location in her pocket where the Bone Slip was hidden.

"Of course," Gannala felt the urge to facepalm as she picked the Bone Slips in her and Virala's possession and swallowed them both, placing them in her stomach biome.

Mystic Bone Art had to be used to use the Bone Slip Skill. It was an oversight on her part since Mystic Bone Art came as normally as breathing to her.

"But, I can still feel a threat," Gannala said a few minutes later, seeing her bangle tremble from time to time.

"It's hard to figure out a proper reason without any information, but if I had to guess, there's one possibility." Virala whispered, "Mystic Eaters."

"I see…" Gannala's eyes widened as she figured out the full picture. During the Second Major Disaster, Yarsha Zahara managed to capture a fair number of Orakha's Mystic Eaters through her power.

She had probably placed them on the common populace to detect Gannala and Virala. The primary function of the Mystic Eaters was to selectively consume minerals to build a Human Avatar with.

Obviously, Gannala and Virala were carrying one of the most precious minerals, touted the hardest on Sumatra—the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk!

So, the Mystic Eaters were on the lookout for this mineral, which was exactly how they were able to detect Gannala. And her bangle reacted in response to the Mystic Eater.

The more she thought about it, the more she felt the likelihood of this possibility. 'Indeed, relying on the power of the Mystic Eater is her best bet for finding me.'

When Gannala hid in a Nature Slot, she wasn't vanishing from reality. Her Nature Weapon form was merely situated in the woman's heart—where the Spirit Container was situated.

Her Nature Weapon form was made with the same material as her tusk, which was exactly what the Mystic Eaters sensed.

"She's terrifying." Gannala sighed.

"This is just the start of her capabilities." Virala whispered, "You've gone through our memories, but you haven't lived through the scenes of her actions in Sumatra Chronicles. The emotions we felt as we read through her exploits was one of awe."

"That's why you tend to underestimate her, despite knowing what she's capable of. But," Virala shook his head, "None of the Mystic Paths will make that mistake."

He stared at Gannala, making eye contact, "That's why Inala hasn't bothered to stop her. He knows that a haphazard plan will only fuel her growth further. That's why he's focusing on his preparations."

"He'll take action only when he's confident in getting rid of her even in the presence of the Celestial Boar."



Chapter 625 Expanding Rumours

"You found one?" Yarsha Zahara asked as she stared at Bunakin Vara, "There's only one?"

"Yes," Bunakin Vara nodded, "We've approached everyone in the Kingdom in the past two weeks. Only one individual has two Natures."

"Have you confirmed whether or not it's a Nature Weapon?" She asked next, smiling upon seeing him nod.

"But, the Mystic Eaters didn't react. So, it's probably not them." He continued.

'Then it must be someone they sent to spy on us.' Yarsha Zahara thought as she gave her orders, "If the Nature Weapon in him isn't the real deal, then your current team should be able to subdue him. Capture him!"

"Yes, Your Highness!" Bunakin Vara nodded as he set out with his team of Royal Guards and successfully managed to take the man into custody.

Soon, he was brought to an interrogation room where Yarsha Zahara was waiting.

"I'm innocent, why am I being captured?" The man resisted as he was bound to a chair. The Royal Guards had already used the Nature of Prana Bomb to extract all his Prana, turning him helpless.

"I'll have to see whether or not you're innocent." Yarsha Zahara said and brought out a Mystic Eater, focusing as she seeped her Prana into the man's chest, taking a few minutes to detect his Spirit Container.

Immediately after that, the Mystic Eater seeped into his body and came out of his back, holding a Nature Weapon in its mouth. Upon staring at it, Yarsha Zahara sighed, "It's a scheme to distract us."

The Nature Weapon was that of a Shock Lizard, which was pretty common. Thanks to her husband's actions, the population of the Shock Lizards has steadily increased over the past two millennia. So, nothing much will change even if she were to get its Nature Weapon.

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

Yarsha Zahara's hand morphed into her Human Avatar, appearing golden at first glance, but the glimmers coming off it were reflected as different shades when viewed from different angles. She grabbed the Nature Weapon of Prana Shock and gained possession of it.

Now, she could equip it onto her Nature slots if needed. Unfortunately, doing that wouldn't benefit her in the slightest. After all, she was capable of unleashing the effects of Prana Shock through her capability to mould and control Prana.

Moreover, equipping the Nature Weapon will only add unnecessary influence to her being, which will end up harming her, however little it might be. "Hmm…"

She stored the Nature Weapon in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, intending to think of a use for it later. The Varahan Empire intended to rear a group of Shock Lizards for their use. So, all Wean Clansmen will be able to consume the Shock Lizards to obtain the Nature of Prana Shock.

Only their Tertiary Nature was empty at the moment. Equipping a mere Prana Shock to it felt like a waste in her mind, 'But if I can gather better Nature Weapons, things might change.'

Yarsha Zahara spent the next few hours interrogating the man, releasing him upon seeing that he didn't know anything.

"Isn't it risky to release him?" Bunakin Vara bowed as he asked, "He has been approached by our enemy once."

"Are you afraid he'll be recruited by the enemy?" Yarsha Zahara laughed, "It'll be better if they do that. It means we'll be able to focus on their scheme better."

"Unfortunately, they aren't biting the bait." Yarsha Zahara shook her head and waved her hand, "I'll summon you again when necessary. Continue with your training until then."

"I'll do as ordered, Your Highness." Bunakin Vara left the interrogation room and returned to the chambers where the Royal Guard stayed. Once the Varahan Empire is built, they'll be relocated to a location worthy of their rank.

"This Kingdom is already looking too small." Yarsha Zahara thought as she walked through an underground passage to return to her viewing gallery in the colosseum, noticing Brana waiting for her with a list.

"Mother, I am interested in these women." Saying so, Brana gave her a scroll which had drawings of the respective women alongside their scores in the various competitions.

"Do any among the list overlap with your brothers?" Yarsha Zahara asked as she scanned through the list.

"The three of us made decisions as a group. So we don't have any overlap in our selection." Brana said before expressing his hesitation, "But mother, do we have no other choice but to form relations with so many women?"

"What about love?"

"Love the woman who catches your fancy." Yarsha Zahara pointed at the list, "I've organised this entire Wean Selection by catering it to your tastes."

"But there are too many." He muttered with a slightly sullen tone, "It'll be impossible to treat them all with equal dignity and respect. I might favour someone more than the other. It might cause infighting amongst them to gain more of my attention."

'My son has matured a lot these days. He's already thinking for the future.' Yarsha Zahara patted his head and chuckled, "I'm sure you'll be able to treat them all well. I've raised you well enough to be assured of that. So, don't worry about those matters and focus on giving your all for the sake of the Wean Clan."

"I know, mother." Brana nodded, "I feel better now that I've discussed it with you."

He grinned and walked away, "I'll tell this to Baga and Braga too. They are also worried about having thirty wives each."

"Good," Yarsha Zahara waved her hand briskly and watched Brana run away, her gaze turning sad soon after, 'If only things were different, my children could have lived happy lives by loving the one person they've given their heart to.'

In Sumatra Chronicles, one year since it began, the First Major Disaster happened. Twenty years after the First Major Disaster, the Second Major Disaster happened.

'And forty years after the Second Major Disaster is when the Third Major Disaster will occur.' She clenched her hand into a fist, 'Time is running short. This time, I'll obtain the Major Treasure of Weapon, no matter what.'

Every force was gathering a large army. The Mammoth Clan had an internal army of Bone Vipers apart from the Mammoth Clansmen. In Sumatra Chronicles, half the herd of Empyrean Tusks died in Armoury—the Influenced Region of the Major Treasure of Weapon.

So, they'll be gearing up to a dangerous extent. Similarly, after suffering significant losses in the Second Major Disaster, the Brimgan Empire was brimming with hatred.

And now, under Boul Brimgan's banner, the Brimgan Empire would be strengthening itself by constantly raiding the Attributed Region for precious resources. As the Attributed Region was a node where the streams from various water bodies interacted, it would be accumulating resources once again.

The minerals dissolved in the water streams would form deposits in the Attributed Region, which would be harvested by the Brimgan Empire.

Generally, Gold Grade minerals were rare in that there wasn't a large enough deposit of them. If their concentration in the ore is too little, the extraction, purification, and processing costs will be exorbitant.

The time, effort, and resources required to do it would outshine the strength of a Gold Grade cultivator. So unless there was a large enough concentration of a Gold Grade mineral, where the extraction costs were reasonable, it would be impossible to establish a force of Gold Grade cultivators.

Such regions were rare across Sumatra. It was why Yarsha Zahara planned to use the tusks of Empyrean Boars as a mineral to build Human Avatars instead, for it was more economical. There was no suitable deposit of Gold Grade mineral in the entire region where the Varahan Empire is about to be established.

However, the Attributed Region was capable of filtering out all the minerals from the water streams influx on it. Due to the influence present in the region, the various minerals would form pure—hundred percent concentration—deposits.

A cultivator only needed to consume them to readily build their Human Avatar. There would be no risks. The Brimgan Empire intended to use that to accumulate high-quality mineral resources. And with their arsenal of knowledge, they probably had enough cultivation techniques that were suitable for all the minerals in their possession.

Burning with revenge, the Brimgan Empire will take advantage of that intense desire to arm themselves to the teeth and explode in cultivation growth. Even if they don't participate in the Third Major Disaster, they'll definitely wage war against the Varahan Empire once they're ready.

So to face them all, the Varahan Empire needed a large quantity of Gold Grade strength. Otherwise, Yarsha Zahara and Brangara will be overwhelmed by the repeated attacks by the various opposing forces.

Normally, if they only had to face a large army, her and her husband's strength would be sufficient, 'But there's a solid chance we wouldn't have enough freedom to participate in the war.'

Yarsha Zahara gritted her teeth, knowing very well that in a situation of war, while the armies bombarded the Varahan Empire, the Mystic Paths and their powerful allies would be targeting her and Brangara.

The Mystic Grade couple will be busy fighting them, unable to assist the Varahan Empire. Hence, there was pressure to increase the number of Wean Clansmen, for only then would the Empire be able to expand and accumulate power.

'All that pressure is on my children!' She sighed, "Army, we need an army, the stronger, the better."

She was feeling pressured, because there was one opponent that even her husband considered a threat, 'He almost killed husband the last time. His mere throws are no different from meteor strikes! And worst of all, he can spawn an endless number of Pranic Beasts.'

He'll steal Prana and use it to birth more of his brethren, endlessly increasing their numbers. The only way to face that endless assault was to have a powerful force of their own, 'We need at least a thousand Empyrean Boars for the time being. The more, the better.'

It had been three years since his appearance, and news relating to him was gradually being circulated through all regions. Even the Zahara Kingdom began to hear about the existence that almost killed the Empyrean Boar King. And unanimously, as if spread with purpose, everyone addressed this existence with a terrifying title.

The First Calamity—Royal Zinger!



Chapter 626 Observe In Patience

Forty kilometres away from the Zahara Kingdom, standing under the shade of a tree were the figures of Orakha, Blola, and the Mystic Human Virala.

"It has been a month since the Wean Selection started." Orakha spoke, "Today's the final day. After this, Brangara's children will mate with the selected contestants to spawn more Wean Clansmen."

He then stared at Blola, "Yarsha hasn't revived Grehha yet?"

"Nope," Blola shook his head, "I'll know when she revives him."

"It's as I suspected." Virala grinned, "She will revive him once the Free Human women are pregnant. His Empyrean Incubator is very helpful during the pregnancy period."

"But the Empyrean Incubator can only release the essence of an Empyrean Tusk." Orakha frowned, "It will only conflict with the genes of the Wean Clansmen."

"Not if the Empyrean Incubator can be modified." Virala shook his head, "Using Yennda's power, Yarsha Zahara has probably figured out a way to mutate Grehha's Empyrean Incubator in a form suitable for the Empyrean Boars."

"Especially through Brangara." He said, "He and the Supreme Tusk Gannala have a close-knit relationship."

The Supreme Tusk Gannala was birthed through Brangara's blood generated after he consumed the hearts of his brethren. Similarly, Brangara obtained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator by consuming Mammoth Clansman children.

Grehha's Empyrean Incubator was the Supreme Tusk Gannala's arrangement. It was created using her ovum, which was why it was able to generate Empyrean Tusk essence, as it originated from the Supreme Tusk.

"Since she knows the full picture, I can guarantee that she has a way in which the modified Empyrean Incubator can absorb Brangara's Prana and refine it into Empyrean Boar essence, which will result in the birth of stronger Wean Clansmen." Virala said, "Brangara was already doing the same at the Varahan Mansion."

"By combusting his body, he generated influence that strengthened the Empyrean Boar genetics in his children, which became the biggest reason they evolved into Clansmen." Virala grinned as he transformed into Brangara for a moment, "And I used the chance to consume his body."

"Do I go on a rampage?" Blola asked, "I can sneak into the Zahara Kingdom and destroy it from within."

"Don't do something that stupid…do you have a plan?" Orakha halted the string of curses that were about to rush out of his mouth upon seeing that Blola had given plenty of thought to his plan this time.

"I've confirmed this the previous time," Blola considered his words before saying, "Brangara doesn't dare consume me. And they know my real identity after interrogating Yennda."

"Have you managed to access some of Yennda's memories?" Orakha's eyes lit up.

"Yes," Blola nodded and stared at Virala, "The tangible data he's been providing me has been immensely helpful in fighting against the Transcendent Eater's mind. I have observed bits and pieces of information related to the conversation between Yennda and Yarsha."

"Honestly, he has been impressive until now." Blola said in praise, "He hasn't revealed any information about Grehha's Mystic Path. Yarsha thinks that it's us seven that'll reach the Mystic Grade thanks to the Mystic Paths and not our daughters."

"I see," Orakha thought for a while before asking, "Are you planning to serve as a distraction by rampaging around in the Kingdom?"

"No, we'll truly wreak havoc." Blola said, surprising the others, "Brangara has hardly been at the Zahara Kingdom."

"Are you serious?" Virala asked, his expression fierce.

"Yes," Blola nodded, "I gained this piece of information just now. He has been roaming around Sumatra and collecting strength. The one taking his place is Yennda. Yarsha Zahara is controlling him to behave as Brangara."

'That makes sense. She's entirely capable and daring enough to do that.' Virala thought as his eyes fluctuated between Orakha and Blola, 'Honestly, I would love to take action immediately. But if we make a mistake, I'll lose my opportunity.'

He sensed his Spirit Weapon, which doubled down as the tool growing at the tail end of his Mystic Ewworm form, 'I'm almost there. For my purpose, it's best to wait until I've attained qualitative growth. A few more days of consuming Blola and I'd have achieved what I want with the Mammoth Clan.'

"It's for the best to verify this piece of information," Virala spoke upon seeing Orakha express more and more interest in Blola's plan.

Since Brangara was growing too strong, the only way to halt his growth was to seriously hit the Zahara Kingdom with a Minor Crisis. Only then would he be forced to return to protect his home.

Once Blola unleashes his Transcendent Eater form in the centre of the Zahara Kingdom, thousands of cultivators who dare fight him will die. This will obviously force Yarsha Zahara to take action, for refraining from doing so would cause her to lose all credibility as a Mystic Grade Free Human.

Blola's Transcendent Eater form could engage in a battle with her through physical might alone, preventing her from gaining the upper hand. Involved in such a dangerous battle, she'll be forced to focus all her attention on the fight, causing her control on Yennda to slip up.

Virala will take the opportunity to publicly behead Yennda, which in the eyes of the populace would look no different from Brangara getting his head lopped off. It would destroy whatever hope was budding in the people's hearts toward the Varahan Empire.

If they were unable to protect their own people, they obviously wouldn't receive as much support as they did until now. It would result in the Varahan Empire becoming a failed state, for the people wouldn't have confidence in it.

Blola didn't need to kill Yarsha Zahara or harm her family. Rather, they'll be perfectly alright, which would only make them look worse in the eyes of the populace.

"The timing is perfect now." Blola argued, "This will force them to spend a significant amount of time and effort in pleasing the people, which will weaken their personal development too."

"And," He stared at Orakha, "During my fight with Yarsha, you can sneakily steal Grehha's revival fruit from her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. We'll be able to succeed with all our current objectives."

"Indeed, it's a solid plan." Orakha nodded and stared at Virala, "Why the hell are you opposed to it?"

"Well, unlike the both of you, I have one life." Virala shrugged, "So I cannot take unnecessary risks. Instead, I have a better proposition."

"We get Gannala's help." He said, only to be glared at by Orakha and Blola, "Sheesh, are the two of you her slaves or something? Oh, I forgot that you are one. My bad."

"If she dies or gets captured, we'll all be destroyed." Orakha glared at Virala, "She knows everything about us. So, it's for the best to not risk her life."

"I know, so just listen to my plan." Virala ignored a fuming Blola and stared at Orakha, "There's that Royal Guard guy who's looking for traces of Gannala, right? I say we target him. Gannala will pull him into a deep tunnel where we'll capture him. I'll extract the memories of us targeting him and send him on his way, not before you place one of your Minor Treasures in him."

"When he heads to report to Yarsha Zahara, you'll revive beside him and take out Grehha's revival fruit from her Minor Treasure." Virala made a snapping sound with his fingers, "And that's it. Our actions will be sneakier and contain fewer risks."

"And what? Leave my Minor Treasure with her?" Orakha grumbled, "It will compromise my power too much…"

"Gannala can create a tunnel to make your Minor Treasure fall through it. Or if necessary, I will remain in hiding just to steal it." Virala said, "There's no way we'll be compromising any of our powers to her. This the safest and easiest way to succeed in our objective."

The trio became silent after that, unable to make a decision. Until the moment Yarsha Zahara revives Grehha, they weren't pressured to take action, because the risks were too high.

They had no idea of what Yarsha Zahara had planned to counter them. Both Blola's and Orakha's powers remained the same since the Second Major Disaster. So, she'll be better geared to face them.

There was a higher chance they were walking into a trap instead. Hence, though they had many ideas, they didn't have the confidence to act upon them. After all, the ones with more to lose were their side.

'Good, keep hesitating. That's what I want. And as long as this stalemate continues, I can continue taking advantage of the Mammoth Clan.' Virala thought as he stared at Blola, 'I need to consume his Transcendent Eater body until I've attained success with my Spirit Weapon.'

'It's of absolute necessity before I free Ruvva from Gannala's grasp.' He thought as silence encompassed the space with the trio.

Sometime later, Orakha committed suicide to revive next to Gannala once the coast was clear on her side, observing that she was in a room situated in a two-storey house.

"Did something happen?" She stared at Orakha to ask, feeling a headache.

"Blola and Virala have some plans regarding the situation," Orakha explained their entire conversation, watching Gannala remain silent until the end. "What do you think?"

"It won't work." She shook her head, "She has placed Mystic Eaters in the bodies of many people to monitor us. They're probably on the lookout for the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk, Sumatra Gold, and other materials present on us."

Orakha had Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar while the Mystic Human Virala had one in the tool of his tail. Sensing them was as easy as breathing for the Mystic Eaters.

"As for Blola," She shook her head, "If she has enough power of the Decaleeches stored in her, she'll be able to obtain an endless reserve of blood from Blola, which she can use to build her strength faster. We'll be literally feeding her to supremacy by that point."

"Then, what are we supposed to do?" Orakha asked, "All we're doing at present is wasting our time."

"Are you sure about that?" Gannala chuckled, "Let things proceed at the current pace. Until then, just keep monitoring the situation."

"When the time is ripe, I'll take action."



Chapter 627 Targeting the Snappers (Part 1)

On the final day of the Wean Selection, two major events began on Sumatra Continent. First was the start of Wittral's evolution into the Zinger Representative. Second was the figure of Brangara who exited the Guna Caves.

Seated in one of its exits, Brangara observed the Dralh Sea, "It's overrun by the Bludders."

The Bludders had been having a field day ever since the Second Major Disaster. Their population continued to grow unabated, 'Even when they're swarming the Cooter Clan, their numbers haven't stopped growing.'

He then noticed the Phells in the Dralh Sea, serving as nutrition for the Bludders to consume and grow further.

The Phells were a suicidal race. But despite being Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts similar to the Bludders, they were unevenly matched.

The explosion generated by the Phell was significantly more powerful, as the entirety of its Prana reserves were used to unleash it. Unfortunately, the trigger to the explosion was its needle-like nose to stab into the target. That was the trigger condition.

In a contest of speed and manoeuvrability, the Bludders came on top. They casually spun atop the water surface of the Dralh Sea and bid their time, trying to lure as many Phells as possible. And then, once the target alignment was perfect, they unleashed an Eddy Blade, severing a group of Phells.

The Bludders targeted the Phells without making contact with their needle-like noses. Hence, the Phells never managed to explode even once, treated as a food farm by a similarly Graded existence.

'Indeed, it's not without substance that Bludders have managed to kill even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in a one-on-one fight.' Brangara thought, 'They're fierce.'

The number of Bludders that successfully managed to take down a Silver Grade Pranic Beast was few, but they had happened enough times to give them the label as one of the strongest Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

A Bludder spun across the water surface and gathered more and more Prana towards its extremities by taking advantage of the centrifugal force. And upon swiftly gathering enough Prana, it unleashed an Eddy Blade, only to notice it fail to sever its target.

"It's pretty sharp," Brangara muttered as he stared at his index finger, failing to see any wounds. He did feel a prickling sensation from the attack though, 'I should gather some Natures that can allow the user to spin better. With that, Yarsha will be able to use Eddy Blades with greater strength.'

As he hadn't unleashed his presence, the nearby Bludders and Phells began to target him. Ignoring their attacks that failed to damage him, Brangara stared at his Astral World, 'Fifty Tangible Natures of Bloody Affection, twenty of Eddy Blades, twenty of Shredded Lunge, and ten of Drifting Tunnel. I'm ready.'

The influence generated by him in his Astral World had already affected the hundred Tangible Natures, allowing him to better wield them. Unfortunately, just this alone consumed all his time. Hence, Brangara was unable to elevate any of the Tangible Natures to the 2-Life Stage.

If he were to waste any time, there was a chance the Cooter Clan would be able to stabilise further, which would become detrimental to him.

But he had a goal now, which was to bring Bloody Affection to the 10-Life Stage and possibly turn it into a Minor Treasure. The entirety of the blood from over forty-plus Empyrean Snappers would be used for the purpose.

'If necessary, I can even limit myself to the 2-Life Stage.' He thought, intending to gain a Silver Grade Tangible Nature using this once-in-a-lifetime chance. As long as he succeeds, he'd be able to use the power of the Decaleech whenever he wants and could even equip it onto the bodies of anyone he wishes.

Moreover, the combo of Bloody Affection and Subtle Terrain Domination was terrifying, especially when coupled with his Celestial Boar physique. As long as he succeeds in creating a Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection, he'd be closer to his goal.

With that thought in mind, Brangara began to run alongside the shore of the Dralh Sea, for he was faster on land than on the sea. He didn't run at top speed though, for that would result in sonic booms, which would reveal his location.

Hence, he only ran at subsonic speeds, keeping an eye on the Dralh Sea to see where the Cooter Clan was currently at. "What the…?"

He arrived at a stop, observing a massive ship rowing across the Dralh Sea. Reaching a length of two kilometres and a breadth of 600 metres, it was a behemoth, surrounded by drifting clouds on all sides as it rowed at a decent speed, able to cover a distance of twenty kilometres every hour.

Unlike three years ago, the Dralh Sea's water level had recovered enough for such a large ship to travel through it. The Brimgan Empire had been on the lookout for a suitable water source, and upon finding it, they erected a canal to the Brimgan Sea.

The canal supplied enough water to gradually fill up the Brimgan Sea and the Northern Lakes in the Brimgan Empire, following which the region began to gradually recover its original water cycle.

From the Brimgan Sea, water began to funnel into the Dralh Sea, sparking its recovery. Moreover, by taking advantage of this water crisis, Boul Brimgan made deals with the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in their vicinity, forming peace deals.

On one side, they controlled the water. On the other side, the Brimgan Empire's Guardian Deity was none other than the Royal Zinger, a powerful show of force. Using the two, Boul Brimgan negotiated trade deals with every worthy Pranic Beast race with a Gold Grade member amongst their numbers.

With this success, the Brimgan Empire was fiercely expanding its control, sending envoys to various Free Human Kingdoms to tighten their control as the leader of the Free Humans.

And the tool they used to exercise their authority was none other than the medicines created by the Cooter Clan.

The Cooter-Brimgan Trade Agreement!

The massive ship travelling through the Dralh Sea was a product of the agreement. Currently, it was heading to the Cooter Clan from the Brimgan Empire, carrying a large batch of minerals that weren't available in the Dralh Sea and the other regions controlled by the Cooter Clan.

Using these minerals allowed the Empyrean Snappers to create new Spirit Pools and birth a greater variety of strength in the Cooter Clansmen. Thanks to the trade agreement, the strength of both sides began to increase.

"That's impressive," Brangara muttered upon seeing both Cooter Clansmen and Free Humans onboard the ship. There were at least three hundred Life Stage cultivators among the group.

And at a mere glance, he observed four Brimgan Royals, one of whom seemed to be the representative of the Brimgan Empire for the trade agreement, having cultivation at the 7-Life Stage.

"Hm, I know this place." As he continued to travel, Brangara soon came across Fral Island, which was where Wittral met Amita Brimgan.

Originally, 5800 Free Humans lived on the Fral Island, mining for minerals. But now, the population had doubled, as the mines were expanded further.

As the Cooter Clansmen fought the Bludders, they suffered a lot of deaths, which created a necessity for more births. The ones who fought and survived day after day experienced a need for more strength, which made them request the creation of Spirit Pools that suited their needs.

To create a Spirit Pool, the Empyrean Snapper needed to consume the respective mineral, which increased the demand. As a result, the Cooter Clan increased the number of Free Humans on every single island in the Dralh Sea.

During the time Amita Brimgan lived at the place, Fral Island had 19 Cooter Clansmen, which was more than enough to manage the place. But now, to guard against the Bludders, their numbers had quadrupled.

"These guys are breaking out of their shell." Brangara frowned, feeling the strength of the Cooter Clan was higher than what he had observed before.

Cooter Clansmen generally fought a minimal number of battles, and in conditions favourable to them. Hence, they weren't living to their full potential. But now, the endless swarm of Bludders forced them to reinvent new methods to deal with the crisis, which allowed them to explore facets of their power that they had never thought about before.

Bludders were generally individualistic in nature, but during an invasion, they acted as a collective, learning from the mistakes of their brethren. As a result, they formed plans to counter the arrangements of the Cooter Clan in real time, forcing the latter to innovate a solution all the time.

"If left like this, they'll reach whole new heights." The moment he arrived at the conclusion, Brangara made the decision, "Before their accumulation reaches a critical point, I'll get rid of them. This way, the Brimgan Empire's growth too would slow down."

Astral World—Drifting Tunnel X10!

A tunnel formed underneath him as Brangara fell through it, falling through a route that he constantly opened. The tunnel grew in length, travelling ten metres underneath the surface like a worm. But inside it, Brangara was continuing to fall.

It was as if he was flying from an outside perspective, though technically, he was falling through the length of the tunnel. The stacked power of Drifting Tunnel allowed Brangara to create a tunnel faster than his speed of fall, allowing him to travel without rest.

From time to time, he surfaced, and observed the Dralh Sea to look for traces of the Cooter Clan before diving back in. Eventually, he began to travel underground the Dralh Sea, feeling scalding hot water leak in through the porous rock and flood him.

As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he was able to endure the heat, despite not being part of a race native to the Dralh Sea's environmental conditions. Soon, he surfaced on an island and looked around, noticing the stunned faces of the Cooter Clansmen nearby, "I think I am close."

"What the fuck…" A Cooter Clansman shrilled as the Celestial Boar appeared on the island and unleashed a suction force, consuming all the Cooter Clansmen. "Oh, they're tasty!"

Reaching a height of eight hundred metres, the Celestial Boar had enough height to stare afar, noticing a faint line of mountains along the horizon, "They're there!"

"You're mine!" Followed by a grin, Brangara reverted to human form and made another tunnel, intending to head straight to the group of Empyrean Snappers.



Chapter 628 Targeting the Snappers (Part 2)

﻿﻿Abyss Ring!

Situated fifty kilometres from it was the Cooter Clan, gradually making their way to the Abyss Ring while dealing with the Phells on one side and the Bludders on the other. It had taken them three years to get this far while minimising their losses.

And as long as they manage to return to their positions on the Abyss Ring and control the region, they'll be able to stabilise their situation and capitalise on the new changes.

Among the 52 Empyrean Snappers active in the region, there was a group of five huddled close to one another. Four of them positioned themselves in a defensive ring around the First Empyrean Snapper.

After all, there was an important individual on board it.

Aged slightly over fifteen, sporting a shiny bald head that glistened under the sun while faint streams of mist flowed out of his eyes every time his eyelids flapped. His clothes extended to a length of over twenty metres, behaving like a stream of water as they floated behind him despite him being seated on the floor of a stone house.

Supreme Snapper—Wally!

As an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast, despite only being fifteen years old, Wally's mental age was significantly greater, allowing him to plan his actions accordingly.

Seated before him, expressing utmost worry was Geugeu, "Why have you come here, Wally?"

"Should I not have come, Chief?" Wally expressed his distaste, "Are you intending to stifle my potential like you did to my brother?"

"What?" Geugeu roared in anger, "I stifled Wittral's potential? Are you fucking serious?"

"Even though I grew up in another branch, news regarding my brother's exploits frequently reached my ears." Wally stared at Geugeu and subtly expressed his anger, "Whether it was in terms of refining medicines, conceptualising Skills, or creating techniques related to Subtle Terrain Domination, he was in a class of his own."

"So, even if such an individual lost his Spirit Container, instead of giving it your all to help him recover his power, you sidelined him." Wally grumbled, "You lot don't even realise the meaning of being the perfect Empyrean Snapper."

"It would have been enough if everyone expressed support to him. Based on his capabilities, I'm sure brother should have been able to figure out a way to birth a new Spirit Container." Wally shook his head, "It's your indecisiveness that led to his death."

"What do you want?" Geugeu glared at Wally, "Did you come here to blame me, is that it?"

"Do you even realise that it was the actions of your parents that caused Wittral to despair?" Geugeu stared at Wally's eyes, "The two Minor Treasures that have fused with your eyes belonged to him in the first place. But the force supporting you pressured me to return them the moment your mother was pregnant."

"You dare say that I was the cause behind his death?" He hadn't realised it, but by the end, Geugeu's shouts were ear-piercing, reverberating across the entire mountain growing on the back of the First Empyrean Snapper.

"Other than the Empyrean Snappers, you're the sole Cooter Clansman with Gold Grade strength." Wally retorted calmly, "As the Cooter Clan Chief, you're the only person who could command the Empyrean Snappers."

"Your word is the law here." Wally patted his thigh as his clothes fluttered to form tidal wave patterns, "Are you telling me that despite your overwhelming strength, you failed to change the minds of the force supporting me, even though they only have Silver Grade strength?"

As the Cooter Clan cultivated in peace, as their mode of cultivation was perfect, unlike the Mammoth Clan who fused with Pranic Beasts at the Body Stage, it was relatively easier for them to stack their bodies at the Life Stage.

As a result, even the weakest Settlement Leader was at the 8-Life Stage, with a fair share of them reaching the 10-Life Stage. There were an even greater number of Cooter Clansmen with Iron Grade strength who were at the 10-Life Stage.

But despite their numbers, none of them were as strong as a 10-Life Stage Geugeu, who possessed Gold Grade strength. "Tell me how that is possible?"

Wally pressed forth, "How did they pressure you?"

"Do you think they'll have succeeded in influencing your decision if you were confident in the first place?" Wally snorted, "You didn't believe in my brother, which is exactly why you accepted the whims of the people supporting me and my parents."

"You lost confidence in him first!"

While the two argued, everyone else who had surrounded the stone house as a layer of protection was sweating profusely, feeling the tension rising in the air. Even the First Empyrean Snapper felt it, causing it to stare at its brethren with a perplexed gaze.

Despite being only fifteen years old, Wally was confronting the Cooter Clan Chief, an old monster who was older than the majority of Empyrean Snappers.

"Tell me what you want." Geugeu changed the topic in the end, "If it doesn't have value, I'll use my authority as the Chief to send you home."

"The Dralh Sea is too dangerous for you."

"I came here for you, Chief." Wally said after a moment of thought, "I want you to go on a journey with me."

"Why?" Geugeu frowned, "What reason compels you to leave the safety of the Cooter Clan?"

"To grow stronger, why else?" Wally snorted and spoke before Geugeu could retort, "I managed to figure out the condition."

"You did? Finally!" Every point that Geugeu wanted to argue about went up in smoke as he stared at Wally with excitement, "Goodness, that's the best news I have heard about in decades. So, what's the condition?"

"It's to adapt to the Sandy-Grey Void." Wally said, watching Geugeu's face freeze up in response, "The day I adapt to the Sandy-Grey Void and control it using my powers is when I'll enter the Mystic Grade."

"As I adapt, my Primary Nature will evolve accordingly." Wally said, "It'll be dangerous at the start, as I'll have to return to Sumatra the moment my life's at risk. So, I need you to form a shelter close to the Sandy-Grey Void where I can flee to recuperate."

With Geugeu's strength, accumulating enough resources for Wally's needs wouldn't be a problem. Moreover, moving alone was easier in terms of mobility.

"Is there…no other way?" Geugeu asked with a despondent sigh.

"As if!" Wally rolled his eyes, "Be glad that we at least have a path to the Mystic Grade now. As long as I succeed, I can forge the path for other Empyrean Snappers to enter the Mystic Grade."

"It's impossible to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast without facing risks." He commented, "At least, it's easier for us. Based on the trace information present in the Bolts of Transcendence that slammed into my parents at the time of my birth, the conditions for other races are significantly worse."

The Empyrean Boar King will appear when an Empyrean Boar swallows all its brethren and gets hit by a Bolt of Transcendence. The Empyrean Tusk would have to live in two different worlds. Empyrean Tentacles had to consume their brethren. And finally, a Zinger needs to surpass its gender restrictions.

Of these, Brangara hid all information regarding his birth, unwilling to result in the birth of another Empyrean Boar King, for his path resulted in the eradication of the Empyrean Boar race.

The Empyrean Tusks would need to migrate to live in another world, which could only be achieved through the help of a Transcendent, for heading to another Continent didn't make the cut.

There can only be one Royal Zinger, which is Inala. So, no one else from the Zinger race could reach the Mystic Grade. When compared to all these, the condition for the Empyrean Snappers to enter the Mystic Grade was relatively easier, with possibilities of future replications.

Wally wasn't lying. As long as he succeeds, other Empyrean Snappers could build places upon his experience to realistically succeed in entering the Mystic Grade. Their chances were the highest among all the races.

"Am I alone enough?" Geugeu asked, "Why don't we bring a few more Cooter Clansmen with us?"

"No, one is enough." Wally shook his head, "Once I try to adapt to the Sandy-Grey Void, things won't be pretty. There's a significant chance of me going mad, due to penetrating influences from the Cosmic Beings."

"You know about them?" Geugeu was in shock, "How do you know about Cosmic Beings without being able to communicate with our Transcendents?"

"The entirety of the information and essence within the Bolts of Transcendence that impacted my parents were funnelled into me through my umbilical cord." Wally revealed the truth as he pointed at his stomach, "I was born with a Minor Treasure."

"I thought they…failed." Geugeu frowned as he stared at Wally, "If a Minor Treasure indeed formed in you, we would have sensed it. But we don't."

"The Minor Treasures on your being are only those we gave you." He expressed his confusion.

"I'll tell you about it later." Wally got up, saying casually, "Please make the necessary preparations, Chief. I want to make the journey as soon as possible."

"Alright…" Geugeu's words arrived at a halt when powerful shockwaves slammed into their stone house, eliciting screams from the Cooter Clansmen standing guard.

"Stay here!" Geugeu felt the familiar presence as he shouted at Wally in alarm, before glaring at the Mammoth Clansmen desperately, "Escort him away from this place, no matter what."

"Sacrifice as many Cooter Clansmen as necessary, but Wally should make it out safely."

"Wait…I can fight!" Wally shouted, only to be glared at Geugeu.

"He's not someone the current you can hope to face." Saying so, Geugeu nodded at his fellow Clansmen, and assumed his Spirit Weapon transformation, flashing out as a bolt of lightning, "Please, bring him to safety."

"Our Clan's future rests on his shoulders."

Shockwaves billowed across the region as Geugeu hurriedly condensed into a thundercloud, hovering at a height of a kilometre from the seal level, accumulating strength as much as possible.

His heart lurched as he despaired, seeing the figure of the Celestial Boar seated on the mountain growing on the back of an Empyrean Snapper, having formed a large depression on it. Large craters spread from his position at the centre as blood gushed out like a fountain from throughout the place.

Held in his hand was the severed neck of an Empyrean Snapper, its eyes in a daze. Due to the sheer concentration of Prana circulating through its head, it was alive despite its head getting severed. In absolute disbelief, it stared as the Celestial Boar slurped it like it was a noodle.

Just like that, a majestic Empyrean Snapper was killed.

"Why? What did we ever do to you?" Geugeu lost his mind in rage and rained down lightning strikes on the Celestial Boar, "Fucker!"

"Why?"



Chapter 629 Targeting the Snappers (Part 3)

﻿﻿An hour earlier!

Brangara exited the tunnel and peeked out gently, observing the underside of an Empyrean Snapper situated high up. Empyrean Snappers floated on the surface like ships, so there was a significant distance between them and the sea bed.

At their current location, there was a distance of eleven kilometres between Brangara and the Empyrean Snapper he was directly under. Due to the sheer distance, even if the Empyrean Snapper was using any Prana detection means, he wouldn't be detected.

Prana had limited penetration capabilities, especially through Earth. It was somewhat better in water, but the efficiency was still underwhelming.

Empyrean Snappers typically avoided using Prana detection means, leaving it to their Cooter Clansmen. They relied upon Subtle Terrain Domination to have absolute control over the region 180 metres around them.

The Spirit Weapon range looked no different from a sphere for Free Humans, due to their small statures. But in truth, these 180 metres expanded from every section of their surface area radially outward.

So, in the case of an Empyrean Tusk or Snapper, it was clearly pronounced. If an Empyrean Snapper were to bloat radially for 180 metres, then its form would encapsulate its Spirit Weapon range.

It was the same shape as the Empyrean Snapper, reaching a distance of 180 metres from every point of its body expanding radially outward. Hence, in terms of sheer volume, Empyrean Snappers had the biggest Spirit Weapon range.

This was more than enough for them to exercise their strength with, which was why they limited their focus to their Spirit Weapon range. This way, the moment any creature enters it, they'd be able to attack the culprit with all their strength.

Brangara spent close to thirty minutes observing the actions of the Empyrean Snapper directly above him and also made note of the positions of the other Empyrean Snappers, 'There's a total of 52!'

'Can I handle them all?' He was nervous, honestly unsure if he'd succeed. After all, he hadn't faced such a large number of Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts with the intent to kill them all in one sweep.

Whenever he targeted the Empyrean Tusk herd before, he used hit-and-run tactics until an Empyrean Tusk became weak enough for him to consume it. And once he succeeded, he would flee the place to digest his gains in hiding.

Once he finished digesting and adjusted the influence gained from adding another Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to his Astral Chart, he would start tracking the herd once again.

This had been his tactic until now. But that wasn't an option currently. He intended to kill all the Empyrean Snappers before reinforcements arrived.

So, he'd have to face all 52 of them in a bloody brawl. 'Calm down, this isn't like you to become nervous.'

Though he was terrifyingly strong, he was no longer a lone individual, unfettered by the schemes of others. He had a family to protect, which continued to grow in numbers. Hence, he had to consider the consequences of his actions.

"But, Subtle Terrain Domination." He muttered for a moment before finalising his decision, "I want it! No, I need it for my future!"

Currently, the Celestial Boar was the strongest existence, with practically limitless potential. As long as he had enough resources, Brangara could accumulate enough power even while on Sumatra to rival Mystic Transcendents.

He simply had to accumulate 100 Gold Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasures. Or he could go further beyond to accumulate Mystic Grade Tangible Minor Treasures.

It was because of this limitless growth potential that despite Sumatra Continent's power system being incomplete, Sumatra Continent's Transcendents claimed that Brangara's strength would be at the top 20 even when compared to all the Continents in the Sandbox Universe.

The greater the strength of his enemies, the stronger he grew. But, the fact that he was feeling pressured despite being the Celestial Boar amounted to the existence of the Mystic Seven.

They were nobodies during the First Major Disaster. But in a short two decades, during the Second Major Disaster, they had become strong enough to actively scheme against him.

There was exactly a century between the Second Major Disaster and the Fourth Major Disaster. A century's worth of accumulations and growth spurts bordering insanity. He had no idea how terrifying the Mystic Seven would get.

Upon interrogating Yennda, Brangara realised the type of opponents he faced. All of the mystic Seven were obsessed with him in one way or another. Hatred, desire, threat, etc. The reasons may be different, but Brangara lived rent-free in their minds.

All their lives, they gathered strength to deal with him. So, if he doesn't accumulate strength at equally insane speeds, the Mystic Seven will catch up by the Third Major Disaster and grow strong enough to destroy him during the Fourth Major Disaster.

'Currently, Yennda and Grehha are under Yarsha's control, but there's no guarantee how long she can keep them in check.' Brangara sighed, aware that Yarsha Zahara was already stressed by Yennda who intended to commit suicide the moment her control over him slipped the slightest.

She would go mad if she had to maintain that level of control for years at a stretch. Her mind was robust and powerful as a Mystic Grade Free Human, but wasn't built like the Transcendent Eater which was geared to controlling people it revived.

'Eventually, they'll be revived by Blola. So, our current advantage will remain short-lived.' Thinking as such, Brangara observed a group of Phells explode upon coming into contact with him.

Astral World—Blood Affection X1!

He formed a layer of armour using their blood, trying his best to appear no different from a Phell. Their blood contained their presence, which was enough to fool the Phells for a short duration.

Using the chance, Brangara swam towards the Empyrean Snapper, patient in his approach. Soon, he stopped at a depth of two hundred metres from the Empyrean Snapper, right beyond its Spirit Weapon range.

From time to time, the Prana detection means of the Cooter Clansmen fluctuated across his position. Through Bloody Affection, he caused distinct presence emissions from the layer of blood armour.

In the skin prickles on the Cooter Clansmen maintaining the detection means, all that was registered at Brangara's position was a group of Phells. It didn't seem unusual or anything worth concerned about.

After all, once they enter the Empyrean Snapper's range, they'd be shredded into blood and absorbed by the Empyrean Snapper to consume and recover its Prana reserves.

'It's a powerful defensive measure.' Brangara thought as he observed faint ripples across the water within the Empyrean Snapper's Spirit Weapon range. A Phell from nearby swam into the range and was shredded into a thousand pieces in a matter of seconds.

The water was being maintained in a laminar flow, with each layer acting as blades. In the distance of 180 metres between the Empyrean Snapper and the end of its Spirit Weapon range existed tens of thousands of these layers, creating an unbreachable defence.

It was why the Empyrean Snappers held the upper hand, despite facing a swarm of both Phells and Bludders. Phells only served as their nutrition as Empyrean Snappers had been facing them at the Abyss Ring for centuries now, having perfect countermeasures against this Pranic Beast race.

And against the Bludders, they were actively formulating plans to emerge victorious. Seeing how the Empyrean Snappers dealt with the situation, Brangara sighed in longing, 'There's a reason they're worshipped as Deities despite only having Gold Grade strength. Empyrean Tusks and Snappers are in a class of their own.'

'When will my race attain such a level?' He felt inferior. Though he was the Celestial Boar with limitless potential, that was only for him. His brethren were Empyrean Boars, a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

That was the limit of their growth. As Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, they were tremendously powerful, but that was it. They were just as powerful as other Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. The Empyrean Boars weren't special enough to be worshipped as Deities by both Humans and Pranic Beasts.

'Let's focus!' He gently patted his cheek and focused on the Empyrean Snapper, finishing his preparations.

Astral World—Shredded Lunge X10!

He assumed Celestial Boar form, expanding to a height of 800 metres. His expansion pushed the water on all sides, the sheer instantaneous pressure generated by it slammed into the defensive barriers of the Empyrean Snapper and pushed them outside.

Boom!

Thanks to the effects of Shredded Lunge, the Celestial Boar gushed out of the water surface, sending the Empyrean Snapper flying to a height of a hundred metres from the water surface. The power of Shredded Lunge only managed to move him that little distance. Thankfully, it had a damaging effect towards the end of its activation.

Sent flying a hundred metres into the sky, the Empyrean Snapper was stunned, when suddenly, intense blades of air stacked tenfold slammed into it and formed large craters.

Brangara reverted to human form and used Shredded Lunge once again, crossing the Empyrean Snapper's body to appear near the mountain on its back. Blades of air boomed out of his position and shredded the bodies of the Cooter Clansmen.

He used Shredded Lunge—stacked ten times—once again, reverting to Celestial Boar form as he did to tank and break through the Empyrean Snapper's air defences.

The impact slammed into the mountain on its back, sending the Empyrean Snapper crashing into the water, resulting in a tsunami. Cracks the width of valleys covered its body, originating from the large crater in the mountain.

Blood spurted out of it and entered the mouth of the Celestial Boar who didn't give the Empyrean Snapper any time to gather strength.

Astral World—Eddy Blade!

Followed by a clean line of Prana condensed into a long, two-

kilometre-long blade, a thin line of blood appeared on the neck of the Empyrean Snapper. Due to the pumping pressure of blood within its body, blood gushed out of the cut like a fountain and practically launched the severed neck like a rocket.

He grabbed it and began to consume it, noticing a thundercloud form in the sky spontaneously, "This guy reacts very quickly."

"Why? What did we ever do to you?" Geugeu's rage-filled cries reverberated like thunder in the region, "Fucker!"

"Why?"



Chapter 630 Targeting the Snappers (Part 4)

﻿﻿"Will anything change if I state my reasons?" Brangara stared at Geugeu with a taunting gaze, "Will you deliver yourselves on a platter if my reason is convincing enough?"

A Tangible Nature of Razor Rat condensed outside his body as Brangara jumped inside the Empyrean Snapper's body through the cut on its neck.

Astral World—Bloody Affection x10!

The Empyrean Snapper's blood flowed into his mouth as Brangara consumed it voraciously, sending it straight into his belly. Astral World rapidly digested it and funnelled Prana into a Tangible Nature of Bloody Leech, one that was gained from the oldest Decaleech.

As it had been developed the most, it was the easiest to elevate to the 2-Life Stage, which happened in a matter of minutes. While this was happening, Brangara surfed through the stream of blood flowing into his mouth and approached the heart of the Empyrean Snapper to consume it, only then sighing a bit in relief, 'I got the first Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination.'

'It's not an issue even if I don't consume the rest of its body immediately.' He thought. After all, even if the Empyrean Snapper's blood floods into the Dralh Sea, its body gets targeted by Phells, or the Bludders swarm upon it for consumption, it didn't matter.

They'll die from the shockwaves of the resulting fight between him and the Cooter Clan. And the flesh and blood spilt from it would all be in the region. As long as he had Bloody Affection. Brangara was capable of extracting it out of the seawater and consuming it exclusively.

Right as he consumed the Empyrean Snapper's heart, he used Shredded Lunge to break out of its body, appearing underwater, only to be targeted by thousands of water blades that formed small gashes all across his body.

'I can endure this.' Brangara thought upon observation, understanding that his healing speed was fast enough to tank the attack without any defensive measures. As long as he manages to flee to safety for a couple of seconds, he'd manage a full recovery, 'Then, it's time to target them in earnest.'

A tunnel of gravity formed before him, resulting in a powerful undercurrent, through which Brangara travelled. As he wasn't a water-based Pranic Beast, his speed in aquatic conditions wasn't worth commenting about, especially against the Empyrean Snappers.

Hence, the solution he devised was to rely on the Nature of Drifting Tunnel. Once the tunnel of gravity appeared, water began to fall through it, reaching speeds vastly superior to Brangara's swimming speed.

Hence, all he had to do was fall through this tunnel and be carried by the falling stream of water. Externally, the tunnel could shape up and wind in any direction he pleased, and even flow directly under the water surface.

Through it, he could move around to confuse the senses of the Empyrean Snappers further. Of course, it wasn't easy, as the moment his Drifting Tunnel began to expand, twisters formed in the water, originating from the Empyrean Snappers.

They were shaped like drills, filled with water blades, intending to shred him apart. As the water drills headed to his location, Brangara twisted the Drifting Tunnel, evading them, "Keuk!"

A water drill twisted abruptly and slammed into him, causing hundreds of gashes to form on his skin and draw out blood. But an instant later, the spilled-out blood returned to his wounds as the gashes healed.

The Nature of Bloody Affection was perfect in minimising his injuries, allowing him to retract any blood spilt out of him through an injury. The attack halted him for the fraction of a second, using which dozens of water drills closed in on him, forcing him to use the Nature of Shredded Lunge to flee to the surface.

The Drifting Tunnel collapsed due to the surrounding water pressure as his figure leapt out of the water and unleashed a flurry of wind blades, defending against thousands of Cloudy Fists headed his way.

"Kill him!"

"He dares kill our Deity!"

"Destroy the bastard!"

The Cooter Clansmen surfed across the water surface on cloudy platforms and raced towards him, condensing Cloudy Fists with various powers to target him.

"You think mere Cooter Clansmen can harm me?" Brangara snorted as he used Shredded Lunge once again, unleashing a flurry of wind blades at the end of his leap which killed hundreds of Cooter Clansmen.

"How dare you!" Geugeu roared and unleashed a bolt of lightning as thick as a human, paralysing Brangara.

Using the opportunity, four Empyrean Snappers extended their necks and huddled in close up, overlapping the Spirit Weapon range surrounding their heads.

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

The four Empyrean Snappers combined their usage of Subtle Terrain Domination to draw in a sphere of water and condensed it into a dot dozens of times smaller, sharply spiking its density. They created a hole in the pressure applied on the dot of water, causing the immensely pressured water to gush out in force, resulting in a Water Laser.

Only after a dozen seconds of its motion did vapour cones form, displaying the sheer velocity with which the Water Laser moved. Due to Geugeu's powerful lightning bolt, Brangara was paralysed for a second, during which, the Water Laser slammed into him, drilling a hole through his chest.

It easily punctured through the layer of blood armour he covered himself with and headed towards his heart.

Astral World—Shredded Lunge x19!

Astral World—Drifting Tunnel X10!

Astral World—Eddy Blade X20!

He went all out, for only then could he hope to protect himself and fight his enemies. There was also no point in holding back, as he intended to conclude the fight as realistically soon as possible.

The Eddy Blade expanded in the direction of the Water Laser, intending to divert it, only to be treated as an aerofoil. The Water Laser's path remained unchanged. If it continued in this fashion, his heart would be torn off.

A tunnel formed before him, opposite to the Water Laser's direction of motion. This field of gravity pulled upon it, causing it to slow down ever so slightly. This was enough for Brangara to react as he used the Nature of Shredded Lunge to move a few centimetres, positioning his rib bone in the direction of the Water Laser.

The Water Laser wasn't able to pierce through his rib as fast, which allowed him to position his hands before him, using them to tank the attack next. Step by step, Brangara bought enough time to react, relying upon the wind blades generated at the end of Shredded Lunge to scatter the piercing end of the Water Laser.

He assumed Celestial Boar form, watching the Water Laser barely penetrating a few metres into his body before its rate of penetration slowed down due to the accumulating muscular pressure.

[Again! Condense more!]

The group of four Empyrean Snappers communicated with each other once the immensely compressed sphere of water had ejected out most of its contents, resulting in a drop of pressure, causing the speed of the Water Laser to slow down until it fell below sonic levels.

Seeing the effectiveness of the Water Laser, more Empyrean Snappers huddled in groups of four to begin condensing it too. In the meantime, the stronger Empyrean Snappers embraced close combat, buying time for the Water Lasers to be charged up.

"Tch!" Brangara reverted to human form and leapt towards the closest Empyrean Snapper, only to be met with a fierce gale that halted his momentum. Six Empyrean Snappers focused on unleashing powerful gales to slow his leaps.

Their necks were each 10 kilometres long, allowing them to huddle close and coil atop each other despite their large bodies. The area of their back spanned 16 square kilometres. In terms of size, it was similar to a square with sides of four kilometres.

Depending on its age, the height of the mountain growing on its back varied, with it typically ranging between four to six kilometres for mature Empyrean Snappers. Due to their sheer size, more than four Empyrean Snappers couldn't huddle close enough to pool their strength together.

As another Water Laser headed his way, Brangara reverted to human form and used Shredded Lunge to flee to the mountain on the back of an Empyrean Snapper. Immediately in response, the various Spirit Pools accumulated on the mountain spilt out to form a geyser that targeted him.

Brangara circled around it, using the mountain to defend against the Water Laser. And upon arriving at the opposite side, he assumed Celestial Boar form, broke off a large piece of the mountain using Shredded Lunge and hurled it at the sphere of water being condensed by a group of four Empyrean Snappers, "Oh no, you don't!"

Boom! Boom! Boom!

He destroyed the mountain into pieces and threw them at the Empyrean Snappers, forcing them to use their Subtle Terrain Dominance for defence. After all, when the boulders slammed into the condensed water sphere with force, the pressure buildup within it was ruptured, the shockwave resulting in a steam explosion.

Brangara used Drifting Tunnel similar to Resha's Gravity Funnel, relying upon it to ensure his projectiles struck the target without any room for error.

Once the mountain on the Empyrean Snapper's back was mostly cleared by his throws, Brangara tanked the latter's attacks with his body and condensed an Eddy Blade. He applied Shredded Lunge on his body tangentially, using it to spin himself rapidly.

And in that fraction of a second, when his spin reached its peak, he unleashed the Nature of Eddy Blade, for an instant. And as he arrived at a halt, a clean line formed on the Empyrean Snapper's beck closer to its base—where the neck was attached to the body.

Another Empyrean Snapper died as Brangara rushed into its body in human form to consume its heart. Meanwhile, its blood gushed into him, using which he began to replenish his rapidly depleting reserves of Prana.

With ten Natures of Blood Affection, the influx of blood created a powerful vortex at the entrance to his mouth. Once he swallowed its heart, he assumed Celestial Boar form and activated Shredded Lunge to emerge out of its body, all while using his larger stature to consume its blood faster.

"Great!" He grabbed its ten-kilometre-long severed neck and gobbled it, using Bloody Affection to increase the rate at which he slurped upon it like a noodle, "This should allow me to fight for a while."

To increase his rate of consumption, digestion, and Prana generation, Brangara condensed all the Prana in his body, setting aside only the bare minimum necessary to keep his Tangible Natures active.

Prana condensed in his Spirit Container, soon accumulating to the same value as his maximum capacity, which was 18,000 Prana. There was a spark following that, resulting in his Spirit Container increasing from one to two units.

2-Life Stage!

"Now, I can make use of it faster." He grinned and began to slurp the Empyrean Snapper's neck faster, rapidly using the nutrition to begin building his second body. Once he finishes the process, he'd have the power of two bodies, fully able to wield his 2-Life Stage strength.



