Chapter 461 Wean Clan’s Specialty

﻿﻿461  Wean Clan’s Specialty

When Barla achieves the critical point of her growth and accumulates enough genetic influence while at the peak of the Body Stage, she'll breakthrough to the 2-Life Stage and at the same time, become a Clansman.

The Boar King's goal in creating a Clan was to revive his race. But even he was aware that no matter how careful he was, the Empyrean Boar race was bound to a life of torture.

Even if he ensured the Empyrean Boars reached maturity without consuming a single Pranic Beast, and as a result, weren't influenced by any external Natures, the moment an Empyrean Boar consumes a Pranic Beast, things would derail quickly.

Voracious Nature influenced the Empyrean Boar to consume other Pranic Beasts. in Sumatra Chronicles, this influenced the Boar King to consume more Empyrean Tusks once the number of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Astral Chart reached fifty.

The influence from Internal Inertial Gravity made him things of himself as an Empyrean Tusk while Voracious Nature made him consume more Empyrean Tusks.

Suppose an Empyrean Boar consumes a large number of Shock Lizards to the extent the number of Natures of Prana Shock in their body trumps all other Natures, it would influence the Empyrean Boar through Voracious Nature to hunt more Shock Lizards and consume them.

Eventually, the Empyrean Boar would assume itself to be a Shock Lizard and actually try its best to integrate itself in their society, all while chomping upon their population.

The degradation of its mind progressed exponentially. If even a single Nature was consumed, this process would start. Only thanks to Astral Chart did the Boar King manage to stay sane. It ensured that he couldn't accumulate more than hundred Natures through his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature.

But even then, he'll remain sane only when he limits himself to Iron and Silver Grade Natures. When he accumulates enough Gold Grade Natures, he too would go mad eventually, as how he did in Sumatra Chronicles.

And the only way to gain Astral Chart was to attain the Mystic Grade, with the process being what Brangara had to go through—devouring his entire race.

Therefore, reviving the Empyrean Boar race as is was just laying down a feast for disaster. Hence, the Boar King and Yarsha Zahara pooled their resources to create Mystic Sumatra Art in such a way by capitalising on their respective abilities that it prevented such a grim future.

When Barla becomes a Clansman, her Primary Nature wouldn't change. Rather, it would remain as Empyrean Boar Transformation, allowing her to transform and put to use the massive body of an Empyrean Boar.

The changes that would happen is her gaining a Secondary Nature.

Secondary Nature—Voracious Nature.

It is here that she'll gain an Empyrean Boar's Primary Nature. Instead of becoming an Empyrean Boar and living as a Pranic Beast, the Boar King intended to create a Clan that were able to transform into Empyrean Boars.

This way, as Clansmen, they could keep the influence of Voracious Nature on them to a minimum. To fight, they'll limit themselves to their Primary Nature and take advantage of the robust Empyrean Boar's body.

It was the body of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, which was more than enough to face most situations. Moreover, the Primary Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation would influence them to a state where being an Empyrean Boar was a transformation, something they could switch on and off when necessary.

Thereby, when their Primary Nature isn't activated, they won't have to face any influence from their Secondary Nature. Voracious Nature was the power of an Empyrean Boar.

And thanks to effect of their Primary Nature, the influence from Voracious Nature too would be switched off, since they hadn't transformed into an Empyrean Boar yet.

As a result, the Wean Clan would be able to grow without problems and become the first Gold Grade Clan on Sumatra.

Both the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan were considered as Silver-Grade Clans, for their core strength was only at the Silver Grade. Only the Chiefs of each Clan had Gold Grade strength.

The Wean Clan, on the other hand, will have every Clansmen possessing Gold Grade strength. Even though they cannot reach maturity rapidly as quickly as an Empyrean Boar, their growth speed will still be the fastest for someone at the Gold Grade.

Thereby, in a few centuries, the Wean Clan will be able to dominate a sizeable chunk of Sumatra Continent. It was the foundation to such a future that Boar King and Yarsha Zahara combined had created.

By putting her life at risk, Yarsha Zahara was forced to employ all her power. As her mind whirred into overdrive, the vast sea of knowledge that she had accumulated mixed amongst themselves and generated new sparks that allowed her to rapidly develop Mystic Sumatra Art.

As long as Yarsha Zahara manages to develop it to a functional extent, the moment the body of the buried Boar King—after combusting to produce influence upon the Wean Tribe—

vanishes, Barla and the other five would become Clansmen.

At present, she needed to fill it up a bit more before her children could enter the Body Stage and gain their Primary Nature.

Mystic Sumatra Art was being developed in such a way that the effects varied depending on the person that cultivates it, which was pretty much the characteristics of Sumatra Gold.

Yarsha Zahara's family, the Royal Family of Zahara Kingdom built Human Avatars out of a mineral called as Reactive Jade, which allowed their Human Avatars to counter an incident ability by reacting into a form suitable to oppose it.

Her family had been building Human Avatars out of Reactive Jade for many centuries. And through the generations, its influence piled upon their body, mind, and soul, making them more attuned to the mineral, which made it easier for the future generations to build their Human Avatars out of Reactive Jade.

When Yarsha Zahara used a Sumatra Gold to build her Human Avatar, the generated power was that of a Reactive Jade's, but elevated to the Mystic Grade.

Sumatra Gold was an innate mineral capable of elevating anything that exists to the peak. It was why by fusing a piece of Sumatra Gold into a Storage Lantern using Maroppa's power, Inala managed to create the Sumatra Lantern, one with the largest storage space possible.

Similarly, through the Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Inala intended to enhance and stabilise his power to the absolute limit. Moreover, when he removed his Spirit Container at the Dralh Sea, Inala used the three pieces of Sumatra Gold to stabilise and enhance his stomach biome.

It was how he managed to maintain it despite losing his powers.

Enhance, stabilise, and spike it to the limit. That was the Sumatra Gold's function. Hence, Mystic Sumatra Art, the cultivation technique created to make use of Sumatra Gold had the same characteristics.

A Free Human using it would be able to build a Human Avatar out of Sumatra Gold. The Wean Tribe would rapidly evolve into the Wean Clan. Any Ravaged Tribe could use it to attain Clansman status in a few generations.

A Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease could cultivate it and gain the power of an Empyrean Tusk—similar to Resha from Sumatra Chronicles—upon entering the Body Stage. A Cooter Clansman with the Buoyant Disease could similarly attain an Empyrean Snapper's strength.

Regular Clansmen, when employing Mystic Sumatra Art, would gradually gain the Fragment Disease or Buoyant Disease—for the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan respectively.

That was the speciality of the Mystic Grade cultivation technique—Mystic Sumatra Art!



Chapter 462 Wittral Gets Chased

﻿﻿462  Wittral Gets Chased

"City Lord, how long are we supposed to refrain from killing her?" A Royal stood at the terrace of the City Lord's mansion and stared in the direction of Varahan Mansion, glaring at Yarsha Zahara. "I'm pissed just by staring at their existence."

Veins protruded on his face to a grotesque extent, causing blood to fill his eyes as a golden spear hovered bedside him and whirred at breakneck speeds, "I want to torture these disgusting fuckers!"

He wasn't in the slightest controlling his bloodlust and emanated waves of Prana that pulsated far and wide, managing to even reach Yarsha Zahara, causing her to shoot a glance his way. A moment later, she resumed her fight, ignoring him.

"This bitch…" He poured Prana into his Spear and elongated its length to over twenty metres. If it were to strike, the rocky pillars that Yarsha Zahara had created and used as a defensive cover will be destroyed. All that would be left behind will be a crater, nothing more.

"Control yourself." The Fentan City Lord patted his shoulder and said, his tone retrained, "We cannot afford to kill her."

"Why can't we…" The Royal growled in rage, "My children died because of the Boar King. I can't sit still until these impure humans are wiped out from the face of this world."

"I understand your pain. My greatgrandchildren died too." The Fentan City Lord said, "But, focus on her left earlobe once."

"What is…there?" The Royal tried his best to control his rage and focused on Yarsha Zahara.

"Do you sense anything?" The Fentan City Lord asked, his demeanour patient.

"I…don't." The Royal gave up after spending a minute glaring at Yarsha Zahara, "Please tell me, City Lord."

"A Minor Treasure." The Fentan City Lord said, explaining upon noticing the Royal's shock, "Don't forget that she's the Boar King's wife. It's not absurd that she has a Minor Treasure. Moreover, I fear this Minor Treasure is able to transmit news of her condition to the Boar King."

"Does such a Minor Treasure exist?" The Royal asked in disbelief.

"We have one ourselves." The Fentan City Lord said, "It's in the hands of a Prince that is roaming the wilds far away on a secret mission. His status is transmitted to Her Highness the Empress."

"But whatever her Minor Treasure might be, it cannot protect her from me," The Royal grunted in anger, "She has a mysterious power, but I can see that her Human Avatar only covers her finger. My Spirit Weapon is fast enough to evade her Spirit Weapon and cut off her head."

"Yes, you're able to easily do that." The Fentan City Lord nodded, "But we're unprepared to the event that will happen following Yarsha Zahara's death."

"Currently, the real body of the Boar King seems to be far away from our Empire. But if he returns upon sensing his wife's death, he'll rampage in the Empire." He stared at the Royal, "Do you want a repeat of Fentan City to happen throughout the entire Empire?"

"No…I don't dare make such a wish." The Royal bit his lips until blood bled, indignant, but unable to refute.

"So, we have no choice but to wait until the Raid Team is ready." The Fentan City Lord said as his eyes glistened with a chilling intent, "The Raid Team will be preparing itself to face a 3-Life Stage Boar King. They'll be equipped with a variety of Minor Treasures and personally lead by the Emperor. When they're ready, we can start by killing the Boar King's family."

He then stared at the Royal, muttering softly, "You're not strong enough to be a part of the Raid Team. So, control your anger and leave your revenge in the hands of His Majesty the Emperor."

"Are you…in the Raid Team?" The Royal stared at the Fentan City Lord.

"I wish…" The Fentan City Lord sighed powerlessly, "The Raid Team is comprised solely of the best of our Ministers with combat excellence. The weakest is at the 9-Life Stage. The heads of all families will be part of the team. Currently, they're busy transferring all their political power to their successors."

"Whether we win or lose, the Brimgan Empire must function steadily." He proclaimed in reverence, "Even the Emperor is stepping down for the purpose."

"How long…must we wait frustratingly like this?" The Royal asked, "My family…is crying. It's hard."

"We must endure, no other choice but that." The Fentan City Lord sighed, "That is what it means to face an existence touted to be the strongest Mystic Grade Pranic Beast in Sumatra's history."

"A mistake, and the Brimgan Empire will be reduced to a mere legend part of history." He said, "We'll be wiped out if we fail to kill the Boar King. There will only be one chance."

"I understand," The Royal nodded and calmed down. As he watched Yarsha Zahara continue to fight, he asked, "There was one more individual that was involved with her. What happened to him?"

"A team has been dispatched to capture him." The Fentan City Lord said coldly, "Once we apprehend him, we'll be able to know his motives. But there has been some interference with our work."

"Interference?" The Royal became pissed at the statement and asked, "Are there still Boar King worshippers in our Empire? Didn't we eradicate them in the previous crackdown?"

"It seems we missed some." The Fentan City Lord grumbled, "And those few proliferated their ideology and managed to recruit more people into their fold."

"They're unfit to be Free Humans!" The Royal cursed.

"You're right." The Fentan City Lord nodded, "If I didn't have to keep a watch on the Varahan Mansion, I personally would have participated in cracking down these parasitic organisations."

Tummal City!

"Haah…hah…dammit, I messed up big time!" Hidden in a secluded valley of a city built on a Geyser Cup, Wittral gasped in exhaustion, almost exhausted of all Prana.

The Brimgan Emperor's orders resulted in him getting trapped at Varahan Mansion. Following that, Loot's attack destroyed the mansion, following which the Boar King buried underneath surfaced and killed most of the people in Fentan City.

At that moment itself, the moment the Boar King showed himself, Wittral ought to have distanced himself from the group. But when the Boar King thanked him and promised to reward him for the favour in the future, Wittral subconsciously considered himself part of the team.

As a result, he created the cloudy platform to support Yarsha Zahara and her kids. Unfortunately, that was a blunder on his part as dozens of Royals witnessed his actions. He wasn't attacked during the return trip—after Loot was captured—

because of the Boar King.

But once he split off from them, intending to reunite with Amita Brimgan, people began to chase after him. It seemed one of the Royals had recorded the scene of him walking alongside the Boar King and his family and spread it to other cities.

Media outlets sent messengers that announced the news, selling the scene transcribed into Information Slips made out of the most common minerals. As a result, people from various cities began to learn the information in a matter of hours.

And then, they raged. Fentan City was a popular city, filled with a lot of scenic spots. Moreover, it was where people arrived before heading to the Karuta Hill. At present, all these tourists lay dead, with not even their bodies managing to be found amidst the rubble.

The relatives of the victims naturally targeted Wittral to vent their anger upon. Soldiers were dispatched to capture him, but even if they wanted to be impartial and decide on his punishment only after investigating his involvement with the Boar King's family, they couldn't.

After all, there were soldiers whose family members died at the Fentan City. So, they would most probably intend to kill Wittral first before investigating his corpse.

It wasn't just the soldiers, but the people too. The Brimgan Empire didn't shy away from a fight. Rather, they were an invasive species in the region, constantly raiding the territories of Pranic Beasts all the time.

Hence, armed with hatred, they took matters into their own hands and chased after Wittral. He had been living here for a decent number of years, having a decent understanding of the people here. Therefore, once Wittral understood that he had no future left in Brimgan Empire, he changed plans.

He avoided meeting up with Amita Brimgan, for doing so might implicate her. Instead, he intended to flee the place and take a breather in the wilds where he could assume his Empyrean Snapper form and remain invincible.

Later, he would find a way to communicate with Amita Brimgan and bide time until the Major Treasure shows itself in a decade. 'But, it means I cannot live with her until then.'

He hated that, unable to imagine such a life. After he had let go of his connection to the Cooter Clan, Amia Brimgan was his only family. Hence, he was unwilling to be separated from her. 'But dammit, I have been running all along, but the pursuit is endless.'

He expanded his senses and heard looking searching for him nearby. Some of them were right in the next street. Surrounded, he had no way to avoid.

Tertiary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

Wittral condensed a Chakram that had the same range as a Brimgan Royal. With a thought from him, the Spirit Weapon would sever the bodies of all his pursuers in a flash. But if that were to happen, his location would be revealed.

And the moment he was labelled a terrorist would be when Amita Brimgan too might take the fall for being associated with him, despite being recognised as a Royal. 'She's finally able to live a carefree life of joy and laughter. She's family. I cannot put her through misery. It seems I have only one way to escape this situation.'

"I hope this doesn't fuck up my mind." Sighing in response, Wittral activated his Secondary Nature of Royalty, taking on his female form, the second time that he had assumed this appearance. Using Subtle Terrain Dominance, he transformed his clothes into a dress suitable for women, make use of the latest fashion trends that he learnt from Hayaya.

"Quick! Chase after him!" People bellowed one after another as they rushed past Wittral, ignoring the woman that was purchasing a bag of fruits from a local vendor.

"What is happening?" Wittral sported an expression of confusion upon seeing the group of people armed with Spirit Weapons.

"That?" The local vendor eyed the group and shook his head, "They're chasing someone affiliated with a terror group. It's not something average folks like us have to bother."

"That is true." Wittral conversed as he grabbed the bag of fruits, paid a fair share, and walked away.



Chapter 463 Confrontation Between Royals

﻿﻿463  Confrontation Between Royals

"What's your relationship with Wittral?" An Officer stared at Amita Brimgan in an interrogation room and asked, his gaze cold.

"I believe I've answered this a dozen times by now." Amita wasn't in the least flustered. Instead, her gaze was of one filled with authority, "Shouldn't you be transparent from your side?"

She glared, "What exactly has he done that's wrong?"

"He supported the Boar King!" The Officer growled as he slammed his fist into the table, "That's treason to the Empire!"

"We never knew their true identities. The Boar King and his wife were VIP customers at our Tea House." Amita said, unflinching at the Officer's outburst, "We merely had a good relationship since they are one of our biggest customers."

"Do you even know how much Briga they spend every time they show patronage to our establishment?" She then extended her hand and tapped the table before her, "You're doing your job by interrogating me. As a proud citizen, I am happy to cooperate. But that's it. I won't tolerate you trying to sully my husband's name."

"He's not the type to involve himself in the affairs of others, especially since if the other party turned out to be the Boar King." She glared at the Officer, "If something happens to him, I'll hold you all accountable."

"Just what the heck are you talking about?" The Officer glared in rage. "What bullshit are you…"

"It was your department that spread rumours about Wittral across every single city." Amita said and got up, exuding a powerful presence, "Without verifying anything, you spread falsified information by spinning your own narrative using a single scene."

Upon seeing Amita get up, the Officer slammed his fist on the table, bellowing, "You think you'll be allowed to leave our department? Until this investigation concluded, you're not heading anywhere!"

"I believe I can take things from here." The door to the interrogation room burst open as Farloon Brimgan sauntered in, his gaze cold as he stared at the Officer, "Do you mind?"

"We have protocols to follow, sir!" The Officer argued, though his tone was weak as compared to before.

"Everyone of importance in Fentan City had a relationship with Yarsha Zahara, considering the position she has and her contribution towards the improvement of cultivation techniques." Farloon Brimgan said coolly, "We had interacted with her husband many times in the past. But since we never knew the Boar King's name was Brangara, as he introduced himself as, none of us made the connection. His presence too was that of a Free Human."

"Are you going to make an inconvenience for the common populace instead of focusing on matters of importance?" Farloon Brimgan glared at the Officer, "Many Royals witnessed Wittral splitting away from Yarsha Zahara. He was making his way to Resnesk City to reunite with Amita after surviving such a disaster. But because of the rumours your department spread, he had to flee."

"Isn't the fault entirely with yours?" He applied pressure on the Officer, causing the latter to become meek in response.

"That's a disgusting attitude to have while exerting your power on an Officer who was simply performing his duty." A Snarky voice resounded as a Royal walked in and stared at Farloon Brimgan, "You committed a mistake this time. Why can't you accept it and seek forgiveness from the bereaved families?"

"Finc Brimgan, don't go overboard." Farloon Brimgan snorted as he grabbed Amita Brimgan and made their exit, "We're leaving."

"You think I'll allow you to leave?" The Chief of Fentan City's Bureau of Intelligence and Security, Finc Brimgan snorted as a Spirit Weapon floated into existence beside him, shaped like a drill. Complicated apparatus spun within it, raising the overall speed of the frontal tip.

It was a compound Spirit Weapon developed by the branch family Finc Brimgan belonged to, one sporting superior rotary speed and minimal air resistance, capable of moving silently to puncture through its target.

"Can you afford to?" Farloon Brimgan retorted as a cylinder with internal rotors hovered beside him, generating friction to ionise the air and resulted in the buildup of lightning sparks arching inside, ready to be unleashed at the target.

His branch family wasn't originally strong in terms of fighting, especially since Farloon Brimgan had given up on that aspect and decided to simply run his auction house and accumulate wealth.

But after he adopted Amita Brimgan as his daughter, he realised that this adopted daughter of his wasn't simple at all. Not only did she know the Gold Kinesis Art, but despite being aware of it, she didn't cultivate it.

It was then did Amita Brimgan recount her past—the same story she relayed to the Boar King and Wittral at the Dralh Sea. Farloon Brimgan came to understand the sheer amount of frightening talent possessed by Amita Brimgan.

He then allowed her to use the resources at his disposal, watching in shock as she created a complex blueprint for his Spirit Weapon, allowing his strength to spike by leaps and bounds. In a matter of months, she elevated the strength of Farloon Brimgan and his family by a large extent.

It was to the extent he unhesitantly named her his successor. The Spirit Weapon he had brought out was one such design, shaped like a turbine. It had three variations in total.

The first variant unleashed a powerful thrust of air, fit to be equipped onto land and marine vehicles to travel at breakneck speeds. It could also be used to thwart a target without injuring them too much.

The second variant generated lightning sparks that were strong enough to numb the targets upon contact. The sparks could only gush out for a distance of four metres from the Spirit Weapon, but that was more than enough, given the speed and range of the Spirit Weapon itself.

The final variant generated enough heat to unleash a volatile thrust of air that would burst into flames amidst sonic booms. These shockwaves could be unleashed at varying frequencies, versatile in nature.

It was derived from Fhoong Brimgan's data. He had used this aspect against the Millingers. His attacks were crescent beams in shape and had a strong cutting force, but the ones modified by Amita unleashed attacks shaped like a cup and focused on blunt force.

Amita Brimgan didn't go overboard to raise the potency of this Spirit Weapon to the extreme but just created enough to attain her goal. She was satisfied upon being declared the successor of Arlfarah Mansion.

'Everything's a mess now. But no matter, I'll make plans accordingly. I expected things getting to go haywire eventually, but thankfully, it happened this early in the race. I have a decade to adapt to everything and try to find where the entrance will open up now.' Amita Brimgan thought as she stared at the confrontation between Farloon Brimgan and Finc Brimgan.

"I had gone through our records." Finc Brimgan said with a raging expression, "The abilities displayed by Wittral are that of a Cooter Clansman. It can only be unleashed using the Mystic Mist Art."

"Somehow," He stared at Farloon Brimgan, snapping his finger as his people surrounded the duo, "You've succeeded in sheltering a Cooter Clansman. That goes against our Empire's principles."

"Capture them both. We'll label them as traitors of the Empire." Finc Brimgan said, happy to use this chance to get rid of his competitor. But at his orders, he felt strange to see Farloon Brimgan and Amita Brimgan break into laughter.



Chapter 464 Mist Kinesis Art

﻿﻿"I wondered if you had something concrete. But as usual, all you have going for you are unfortunate guesses." Farloon Brimgan laughed as he casually turned around and stared at the people that had gathered around, "If anyone wants to know about Wittral's cultivation technique, head to the library."

"There's a Silver Grade cultivation technique named Mist Kinesis Art. If you can afford its price, you can learn it. But of course, you'll need permission from the palace to gain the qualification." He accompanied Amita Brimgan, exiting the building as his cold voice announced, "The next time you guys want to question us, you better have a concrete reason to do so."

"Don't expect me to be as chill as now. Even I have times when I can get angry." Leaving behind an ultimatum, Farloon Brimgan left the place.

"Check it," Finc Brimgan commanded one of his subordinates who rushed to the library at Fentan City and returned with the necessary information.

[Silver Grade Cultivation Technique: Mist Kinesis Art! Registered by Amita Brimgan.]

[The Mist Kinesis Art allows the user to lump a cluster of mist and solidify it into a Spirit Weapon for travelling. Its effects appear similar to the Cooter Clan's Mystic Mist Art, but only in terms of movement, that too limited to Spirit Weapons. It had no other function other than that.]

This was the summary left behind by the librarian in charge of reviewing the technique. There were more reviews left behind by scholars who had gone through the technique. Upon going through them, Finc Brimgan could no longer accuse Wittral of being a Cooter Clansman.

After all, there was information in the library that more than twenty people had purchased the Mist Kinesis Art in the past year alone. And the effects displayed by them were similar to what Wittral had displayed.

This meant that Wittral was just a Free Human, nothing more. Therefore, Finc Brimgan couldn't accuse Wittral of something he hadn't done. It meant that as long as Wittral were to prove himself as innocent, he could escape all charges.

All blame would then fall onto the Fentan City's Bureau of Intelligence and Security which had spread a false narrative to pin blame on Wittral. Eventually, as its Chief, Finc Brimgan would end up taking the fall.

"Dammit! I've been had!" Finc Brimgan growled in rage. He then stared at his subordinates, "Find Wittral first and capture him, no matter what you have to do."

'I won't allow you to spin this against me, Farloon!' Finc Brimgan thought in anger and made a move personally.

Walking through the empty streets of Fentan City that had been cleaned up in the past two days, Amita Brimgan said in relief, "Thankfully, I followed your advice and registered my cultivation technique. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to avoid suspicion in this incident."

"Yes, though you ended up revealing your secret, but at least in this way, the Empire will support you." Farloon Brimgan said, "And the people that practice your cultivation technique and their respective families will vouch for you. That's one advantage, which is why migrants from other places submit their cultivation techniques to our libraries."

"On one side, it allows them to receive ninety-five percent of the money spent to purchase the cultivation technique and connect with the families of people practicing the technique. On the other side, it increases the arsenal of cultivation techniques in the Brimgan Empire, allowing our scholars to have more reference materials to improve our own." He spoke.

"Don't be said," He patted Amita Brimgan, "I'll do everything in my power to save Wittral. He won't be implicated in this incident."

"It was just his luck to be confined in the Varahan Mansion." Farloon Brimgan shook his head, thinking, 'If not for the fact that she's concerned about Wittral, I wouldn't have to take risks antagonising so many Royals. But, she's worth the effort. Hah, if only she likes a Royal instead. Things would have been simpler for me.'

Farloon Brimgan had a lot of thoughts as he escorted Amita Brimgan to the Arlfarah Mansion. Fentan City was crippled thanks to the Boar King's action.

But it had already been two days since the incident. By the Brimgan Emperor's orders, a large team of personnel had been dispatched to restore Karuta Hill to its past glory as a scenic wonder. Somehow, as if making a statement, the Brimgan Emperor had proclaimed to send in two tusks of an Empyrean Tusk to be placed in the valley. This was a direct showcase of power, since these tusks were supposed to belong to the Empyrean Tusk that had destroyed Karuta Hill. Now, it had a new history to be conveyed to the visitors, something that was recent and resonated with them more.

The fact that he doubled down on the situation displayed the Brimgan Emperor's intentions. He wasn't going to leave the culprits be as they pleased. That much was sure. Along the same vein, advertisements were showcased in the cities established in the Northern Lakes, telling them to bid for ownership of the properties that had now opened up in Fentan City and Karuta Hill.

Considering the value of both places, there were bidding wars. At this pace, it seemed that in a week, all properties would be sold. And once the two places were restored, the owners would flock to the place.

By the end of a month, both Fentan City and Karuta Hill would become fully functioning.

At the same time when Amita Brimgan returned to Arlfarah Mansion, a woman set foot on Fentan City, carrying a Refugee ID by the name of Dhya. It was Wittral's new disguise. Like clockwork, he approached the Labour Association and grabbed a variety of job offers.

The pay was high as there was more work than the workers. Many people who entered Fentan City made their way to Varahan Mansion to vent. As a result, it was the best time to rack up some contributions and gain Citizenship as soon as possible.

'We'll meet once things have calmed down a bit, Amita.' Thinking as such, Wittral took on the role of cleaning a bunch of houses of the corpses scattered amidst them.

Brandal City!

At the same time, in the Capital City of the Brimgan Empire, the streets were busy with flocking people as the Emperor's orders mobilised a large volume of craftsmen, merchants, companies, raid teams, etc.

The Brimgan Empire had a custom of naming the Capital City the same as the Emperor. The Capital City's name changed accordingly to the Emperor who was active in the era. Typically, every Emperor managed to live for a Millennium, so the Capital City's name remained consistent for a large portion of history.

Currently, standing within a room that doubled down as an elevator were Brandal Brimgan and Virala. The elevator was operated by a Royal through psychokinesis, steadily bringing it down deeper below the palace.

After some time had passed in response, the elevator was taken control of by a second Royal, and then the third. Eventually, the doors of the elevator opened to reveal a giant cavern whose ceiling was a kilometre high.

And standing in it proudly, with its legs on the ground and the top of its head touching the ceiling was a golden giant, emanating a blinding radiance that lit the cavern like it was daytime.

Virala squinted his eyes in response as he stared at the golden giant before understanding what it was, 'This…is a Major Treasure?'

'Right, the Brimgan Empire too is a major power. So, it's not strange that they are in possession of a Major Treasure. But this…is absurd.' He stared at the golden giant before him, 'Doesn't a Major Treasure influence a wide area? How come it's this concentrated here?'

The golden giant's body was the sole region influenced by the Major Treasure in the Brimgan Empire's possession. Thereby, the region within would be deadlier than the regions influenced by other Major Treasures.

"Impressive, right?" Brandal Brimgan smirked as he brought Virala's body alongside him using psychokinesis, "This'll be your home from now on."



Chapter 465 The Brimgan Empire’s Major Treasure

﻿﻿How many Major Treasures existed in Sumatra Continent? It was impossible to answer this question.

Sumatra Chronicles introduced five of them, with each Major Treasure being accompanied by a Major Disaster. The Fourth Major Disaster was absolutely absurd due to the appearance of two Major Treasures—Pet and Seat of Transcendence.

After entering this world, Virala discovered the existence of other Major Treasures. The Mammoth Clan had a Major Treasure that was controlled by the Mammoth Clan Chief.

Raaha didn't fuse with the Major Treasure though and simply controlled it like an external object. The Mammoth Ancestor had made arrangements to use the Major Treasure's influence to create the Mammoth Treasury, a tower containing a six-storeyed world inside that was capable of housing countless Minor Treasures.

Best of all, the Mammoth Treasury could be placed in the brain of the First Empyrean Tusk after transforming it into a biome. Only through its effects can a brain be transformed into a biome. As a result, the First Empyrean Tusk remained special and the strongest existence of its herd.

It was also in this place where the Mammoth Elders lived and worked tirelessly for the Mammoth Clan's benefit, guiding the First Empyrean Tusk in the correct path.

A Major Treasure was created when a cultivator with Gold Grade Strength or above failed to become a Transcendent. There was no guarantee of it happening since, the majority of the time, the cultivator gets vaporised completely, leaving nothing behind.

The chances of a Minor Treasure forming were approximately one in a hundred. So, there were possibilities of there being a few Minor Treasures, especially in Human Kingdoms that had existed for a long enough time.

Empires had several Minor Treasures. But getting a Major Treasure was just absurd. It was because the chances of its formation were only one in a thousand.

That means someone with Gold Grade strength had to reach the 10-Life Stage and then attempt to reach the Transcendence Stage. One in a thousand attempts would result in the creation of a Major Treasure.

But even in the Brimgan Empire, with everyone part of Royalty wielding Gold Grade strength, and living in a land blessed with an abundance of resources, it was hard to reach the 10-Life Stage. Not only do they have to be blessed with talent, but they have to persist in painstaking cultivation for more than a thousand years.

The higher their cultivation in the Life Stage, the tougher it became to stack their bodies. Inconsequential differences in Human Avatars at the 2-Life Stage became life-and-death errors at the 8-Life Stage, becoming more and more pronounced at higher Stages.

The Brimgan Empire had four people who had managed to reach the 10-Life Stage. They were Brandal Brimgan and his wife, and the previous generation Emperor and Empress who currently had taken positions as Grand Ministers.

The previous generation Emperor and Empress were nearing the end of their lifespan and didn't have much combat strength, having begun to display signs of old age. Their sole goal was to prepare to break through to the Transcendence Stage or die trying.

Death was more or less guaranteed. On the off chance they had tremendous luck, a portion of their body would survive and become a Major Treasure. Becoming a Transcendent had an even smaller chance than birthing a Major Treasure.

The stronger one was, the greater the amount of Bolt of Transcendence they gathered, which increased the risk tremendously. Based on their records, there were at most two Brimgan Royals that had managed to become Transcendents.

Even that was merely hearsay, as they were only able to communicate with one. And that Transcendent didn't bother answering anything other than some cordial responses once every few centuries.

Sumatra Chronicles didn't say anything about the core workings of the Brimgan Empire, as the Mammoth Clan there only had 44 Empyrean Tusks, and didn't possess enough strength to force Brandal Brimgan into making a move. As a result, the core strength of the Brimgan Empire never took action in Sumatra Chronicles.

The ones that fought the Mammoth Clan in the Second Major Disaster were the Royals, with only three people on the level of a Prince taking action. Resha only had a run-in with the Fentan City Lord, the strongest character he faced from the Brimgan Empire.

Virala had fought against the Fentan City Lord and became confident that the latter wasn't a threat. Even though he was strong, he didn't have the means to kill Virala in his Empyrean Tusk form. This was why Virala was mostly focused on his fellow reincarnates, especially Inala, since the latter was the largest threat he would be facing.

'But, if the Brimgan Empire has a Major Treasure, then that changes everything.' Virala thought as Brandal Brimgan brought him towards the golden statue, 'It doesn't matter if they continue to torture me. I'll figure out a way to obtain this.'

"Are you fine revealing such a secret to me?" Virala stared at Brandal Brimgan.

"It's not like you can leave this place anyway." Brandal Brimgan shrugged casually and snapped his finger, generating a torrent of Prana that turned visible to the naked eye and approached the golden giant.

The cavern reached a height of one kilometre, but was endlessly long, spanning at least two hundred kilometres. So, Virala was only able to have a clear look once he was brought close enough to see past the blinding radiance.

It was a humanoid entity with a lean frame, skeletal in multiple locations. These skeletal locations appeared brittle as compared to the robust spots. Virala observed a dense fluctuation of power congregate in the skeletal areas, 'That's the Major Treasure's influence. It's building that body.'

Once the Major Treasure finishes terraforming the region, the golden giant will be completed. But based on the rate of completion, it would take anywhere from twenty thousand to thirty thousand years before the golden giant is completed.

Once that happens, this Major Treasure would unleash a pillar of light into the sky and draw in living beings from across a large portion of Sumatra Continent.

Even the Major Treasure of Attribute would reveal itself a decade from now, considering it was resultant from the Brimgan Founder. So, even the limit of thirty thousand years was just Virala's estimate.

The golden giant's head was its strangest part, sporting a ring in the place of its eyes. This ring seemed integrated into its head, barely protruding a little. It was littered with eye sockets. And hovering in them, acting as glowing eyeballs were Minor Treasures.

But unlike in the Mammoth Treasury's case where the Minor Treasures unleashed pillars of light each, the light they emanated was absorbed into the eye socket and fuelled into the golden giant's head.

Virala observed through the skeletal regions that these light beams flowed through the golden giant's body like nerves, congregating around the chest region into something resembling a heart.

There, absorbing the energies from all Minor Treasures was the Major Treasure, the culprit creating such a strange phenomenon.

Minor Treasures influenced living beings while Major Treasures influenced the surroundings. Somehow, the Major Treasure was able to harness the influences of these Minor Treasures and store it.

"Now, let's go." Brandal Brimgan watched as his stream of Prana flowed into the golden giant's mouth that had opened up, creating an entrance. He leaped into it alongside Virala and fell through its food pipe to land in a biome that had formed in the stomach.

"Argh!" Virala screamed in pain the moment his body touched the stomach walls, watching the beams of light surge in him and influence his body accordingly, causing streams of information to spew out of his mind in a tangible form.

Brandal Brimgan took out a Rutham and watched the information flow into it naturally, 'Awesome!'

He stared at Virala to comment casually, "This is why I didn't ask you anything. Since I don't need your cooperation."

"Now, I'll learn all your secrets."



Chapter 466 Plan X Plan

?"Now, I'll learn all your secrets!"

Hearing Brandal Brimgan's words, Virala expressed abundant fear, "No! Dammit! Stop!"

'He finally broke down.' Brandal Brimgan smirked mentally as he continued to collect information in his Information Slip made out of Rutham.

"I beg you! Spare me, please!" Virala pleaded while shrieking nonstop, squealing in pain as information spilled out of his mind in a tangible form.

"Hahaha!" Brandal Brimgan was unable to control himself anymore and laughed profusely. "You're hilarious!"

"Too bad, you remain here until I finish collecting all the information out of your mind." Brandal Brimgan said casually. Whenever a human or Pranic Beast that posed danger to the Brimgan Empire appeared, Brandal Brimgan would bring them to this place and extract all information of value from their mind.

This information would then be safekept in their library for a team of scholars to research and make plans accordingly. The Brimgan Empire stood tall through multiple eras for a reason. And it was this.

Every time an enemy came, the Brimgan Empire captured someone from the opposing side and used the influence in the golden giant to extract all information. Using that information, they made traps accordingly to accurately destroy the enemy.

It was the primary reason why Brandal Brimgan didn't confront the Boar King and instead stopped upon capturing Virala. The Brimgan Empire wasn't prepared enough to face the Boar King. Besides, Virala—Loot—seemed to be a large enough variable to affect everything.

Hence, he only intended to take action after extracting all the information from Virala. And once the raid team were ready, he'll target Yarsha Zahara and her children. He'll bring them to the space in the golden giant's stomach and extract their memories too.

With that, the Brimgan Empire will make last minute preparations and become ready to confront the Boar King.

'This is the first step.' He thought and stared at Virala. 'Through you, I'll get a complete understanding of the situation that happened at Karuta Hill.'

The investigation report of the incident had many issues. First of all were the two Nature Weapons that were transported by the three Royals by risking their lives. They were duds, having nothing in them.

They were unlike the four Nature Weapons that Brandal Brimgan had extracted out of Virala's stomach biome. Second was the existence of the individual that faced Virala using strings of tangible Prana.

He was the one who managed to steal the two Nature Weapons from Virala. But in an instant, he managed to fool everyone and replaced the original with duds before giving them to the Fentan City Lord.

As a result, the Fentan City Lord ended up taking the heat from Virala while this individual coolly evaded all responsibilities. Upon having this suspicion, Brandal Brimgan had commanded the Royals to investigate and capture this individual.

The individual turned out to be Dhakha, a refugee who gained Citizenship just recently. But when the Royals searched for him, he had vanished. The home he had been living at was empty, wiped of all his traces.

Even the two people—Hayaya and Lannla—who were supposed to live in the house were no more, having abandoned their textile business without a single word to the employees. And upon further investigation, they found an encompassing tunnel network underneath the house, leading to various locations in the Northern Lakes.

Somehow, this tunnel system was created in such a way it didn't hinder the function of the Southern Veins. Brandal Brimgan was shocked upon learning about this. Hence, he doubled down on the search for Wittral once Dhakha had vanished.

By asking around the people in the place, it was revealed that Wittral was the sole individual who had been close with Dhakha. As many things didn't make sense, Brandal Brimgan established an exclusive task force in regards to getting to the bottom of this event.

It was why he placed importance on Virala, aware that through him, he would be able to figure out the root cause, 'Something had happened that caused Loot to reveal himself like that. I feel like taking action without knowing that will come to bite me later.'

"Argh! S-Stop, please!" Virala screamed in despair upon seeing more and more information continue to collect in Brandal Brimgan's Information Slip.

However, even though he was screaming aloud in fear and despair, continuing to thrash about in pain, his mind was thinking nonstop. Virala observed that the Major Treasure within the golden giant had influenced it, treating it as the terrain for its influence.

And this influence was harnessing the influence of all the Minor Treasures embedded in the eye sockets of the golden giant. By employing this influence, a special power had been concentrated in the golden giant's stomach.

'When my body touched the stomach surface, this combined influence began to act on my body to concentrate and condense my thoughts to tangible form. Prana is the energy fused from the energies of the body, mind, and soul. This influence is seeping Prana into my body while focusing on the mind aspect. The tangible extraction of the information should be the effects of the body and soul aspects that have been poured into it.' He thought, putting on an act of absolute despair when in truth, he was merely suffering from pain.

The pain was unbearable, but within the upper limit of his tolerance. Everything else he said and did was an act to fool Brandal Brimgan.

His original goal was the Minor Treasures of the Brimgan Empire anyway, which was why he decided to be taken prisoner upon weighing the pros and cons while judging Brandal Brimgan's character. He was prepared to be interrogated, using which he'll wait for a chance to perform the Dance of Annihilation.

He'll probably be in a dungeon within the palace, given the strength he had displayed. Thereby, he could bide his time until he figured out the location of the treasury and unleash the Dance of Annihilation to transform the Royals into Nature Weapons.

Virala had finalised a solid plan by the time Brandal Brimgan sealed his Spirit Container. Following that, he only waited for an opportunity while being tortured.

But now, Brandal Brimgan revealed such a move. Virala was first shocked by it, but upon realising that he was closer to his target not, he began to change his plans and gave his everything to analyse the place.

'Minor Treasures and Major Treasures operate beyond the laws of Sumatra. That's a fact. Therefore, without fusing with them, it's impossible for Brandal Brimgan to control them.' Virala concluded as he eyed the latter, 'Rather, he's taking advantage of the established influences to achieve his objectives.'

The tangible information being spewed out of his mind wasn't under Brandal Brimgan's control, 'That means, I can take advantage of the situation. Since the golden giant is his Empire's trump card, he'll have absolute trust in it. Thereby, he'll blindly believe everything he extracts from me using it.'

Virala had been sneaky with it until now. As a result, Brandal Brimgan didn't know that he had a Minor Treasure on him. The Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache was unlike other Minor Treasures.

Even though Yarsha Zahara hadn't used hers, the Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell had a powerful presence that someone powerful like the Fentan City Lord could sense. It was because its ability was power.

But the Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache was just a moustache. All it did was grow his moustache and allow him control over it. Thereby, it had no presence, the reason he picked it, despite it being absolutely lacklustre among the powerful Minor Treasures stored in the Mammoth Treasury.

Knowing its tremendous value in his hands, Virala had picked it. And now, he could use it in this situation, 'None of the abilities I use can allow me to take advantage of the situation, since Minor Treasures function beyond the laws of Sumatra. So, the best way to face them is with a Minor Treasure.'

As he thought, his moustache subtly wriggled. And then, it grew roots, digging deeper into his head to travel underneath his skin.



Chapter 467 Please, Stop! I Beg You!

﻿﻿The influence of a Minor Treasure could only be unleashed through Prana. Therefore, to influence Virala's being, Prana was constantly seeping into his body from the golden giant's stomach. And it was being unleashed by twelve Minor Treasures.

These twelve Minor Treasures weren't the limit of the Brimgan Empire's stash. After all, Brandal Brimgan alone had fused with eight Minor Treasures. Adding onto powerful branch families of the Brimgan Royalty that had a Minor Treasure or two, their total number would be way higher.

But the twelve Minor Treasures had been selectively placed in the eye sockets of the golden giant, because their synchronised perfectly with the Major Treasure's influence and generated an effect capable of extracting information from the minds of anyone placed in it.

Virala observed that Brandal Brimgan hovered in the air and didn't set foot on the floor of the golden giant's stomach. He had stabbed a Spirit Weapon into the cavern's ceiling outside and hovered in the air through psychokinesis alone.

Considering his strength, carrying his weight through psychokinesis wasn't an issue. But the fact that he refrained from coming into contact with the region spoke volumes of the place.

'Some genius Emperor had made this arrangement in the past and that's being followed blindly by future Emperors to take advantage of.' Virala thought of the Brimgan Emperor that was said to be on par with a Mystic Tentacle. 'He might be the one that made this arrangement. Now that I am aware of Sumatra Gold, I can understand his strength. He managed to integrated at least one piece of Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar.'

But the problem with this situation was that Virala wasn't an ordinary individual. He had means that could be unleashed beyond a Cultivation Technique or a Nature.

Dance of Annihilation!

He had four of them dwelling in his mind space, subservient to his will. With a thought from him, the four information clusters in the form of Empyrean Tusks made a move and stored all valuable information in their bellies.

This way, the information being extracted wouldn't be too detrimental to his plans. This was just the first step of the process.

The Dance of Annihilation too was able to influence others through waves of Prana. He wasn't targeting anyone at the moment though and was just using it to protect himself.

As they were sentient, the four Empyrean Tusks used his memories to fabricate a bunch of falsified memories based on what he intended to achieve.

The influence of the region seeped into his mind like a tornado, captured memory clusters, and chucked them out. These clusters became tangible as they appeared outside his body and were absorbed into Brandal Brimgan's Information Slip.

The tornado sucked in the nearby information clusters and spewed them out. It didn't target the information clusters directly but just moved mechanically due to the influence. And whenever it came in contact with information clusters, tangible memories materialised outside Virala's body.

By now, Virala had figured out how the influence extracted memories from his mind. And hence, he made plans accordingly. Two Empyrean Tusks ran across his mind space and stored safely in their bellies sensitive information.

The remaining two used Virala's memories to forge falsified content and spewed them closer to the tornado, watching it spew them outside his body.

Usually, the influence stops once the targeted individual is extracted of all information from their mind. Their mind becomes empty as a result, causing the individual to live in a vegetative state.

This result would be an indicator for Brandal Brimgan to remove the target body from the golden giant's stomach and do whatever he wanted with it. The process of information extraction can span for days, if not months. The stronger the target's mind and the longer it had lived, the longer the extraction time.

Considering Virala's mental strength, Brandal Brimgan was prepared to wait at least four to five years. But using the Empyrean Tusks, he planned to last for a decade, during which he would use the influence in the golden giant to transform himself.

Moustache hair gradually grew underneath the skin on his face and began to form a net through his head. When the influence seeped into his head, the Prana carrying the influence had to pass through this net, resulting in most of it getting absorbed.

The Prana that seeped through the gaps in the net continued to do its function while the rest were absorbed by the Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache. It had the function of being able to transmit Prana after all.

It was why Virala thought of a plan to use it immediately. In the meantime, a tendril of moustache hair jutted out of his back, fuelled by the Prana in the influence that it had absorbed to grow. It stabbed into the stomach floor and seeped through it, gradually spreading out in response.

'A Minor Treasure can only influence living beings while a Major Treasure can only influence terrain. By taking advantage of the functions of both, this golden giant is born, one able to treat a living being in its stomach as part of the terrain.' Virala thought, hiding his gaze of mockery towards Brandal Brimgan, 'The true purpose behind setting this up is not for information extraction, but to absorb the influence into the body and evolve into a higher existence.'

That generally was impossible, as the thoughts of the individual in contact with the golden giant's stomach would continue to be extracted. But, if someone with a Gold Grade mind was prepared, they could constantly generate enough thoughts to maintain a balance with the speed of extraction.

This way, the information being extracted by the tornado would only be useless stuff, exactly what Virala was doing now.

With an Empyrean Tusk's mind, following the initial fluster, Virala was able to quickly gather his beings and adapt to the situation. Without the four Empyrean Tusks, it would have taken him a few months to do so. And by then, he would have lost a good chunk of sensitive information.

But in either case, it was impossible for his mind to be extracted completely by the influence of the region. It was understandable since he had an Empyrean Tusk's mind. Every other creature, including Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were unable to endure long enough for their minds to adapt.

By then, they became vegetative, having all their information extracted already. As a result, the Brimgan Empire Royals had a misconception.

Though they had Gold Grade strength, their minds were vastly inferior as compared to Virala's. And due to the small size, a Brimgan Royalty had to be at the 4-Life Stage for his stacked mind to be on par with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's.

Theoretically, someone like the Fentan City Lord could barely last long enough to adapt to the region. His mind would almost be reduced to a vegetative state. Even if he survives, he would have lost majority of his life's memories, reduced into an amnesiac patient unable to use his abilities anymore.

No longer having the memories of his past, he would be rendered useless. But Brandal Brimgan could very well take full advantage of the place without losing much memories.

Unfortunately, someone of his level was the Brimgan Empire's Emperor. And such existences never took a seat in the golden giant's stomach. As a result, the true function of the golden giant was never found out.

'I don't know if that was their intended purpose or not. But to me, it's a place to grow beyond limits.' Thinking as such, Virala absorbed more influence of the golden giant into himself and allowed it to influence his being.

With the Empyrean Tusks moving about in his mind, the tornado was kept in check, allowing him to focus on absorbing the Major Treasure's influence and observe his body being terraformed similar to a region getting influenced by a Major Treasure.

"Aaaah! Please, stop! I beg you! STOP!" Virala continued to scream to ensure Brandal Brimgan didn't suspect anything.



Chapter 468 Virala Changes Plans

﻿﻿"Hmm, so there was a herd of Empyrean Tusks that left Sumatra in search of another continent. The Boar King was born during the chaos." Brandal Brimgan muttered as he absorbed the information in an Information Slip.

He was absorbing the information in the first Information Slip after it was filled to the limit. At present, the information pouring out of Virala was being absorbed into a second Information Slip. "Such a thing happened? Damn!"

Virala read through all the records collected by Yarsha Zahara. There was a detail about the Boar King's birth there, as she wanted to analyse the event behind his birth as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast and use it to improve the growth of her children.

As a result, the Boar King gave her Information Slips with the relevant information. And Virala had absorbed everything. He only leaked a portion of the truth and spun his own narrative on it, intending to manipulate Brandal Brimgan through it.

Since Brandal Brimgan intended to face the Boar King, Virala kept that matter as the focus, knowing very well that the latter would readily absorb everything related to it.

Hence, he mixed in a certain something among the information.

Dance of Annihilation!

He couldn't activate it properly as his Spirit Container was sealed. But instead, Virala watched as the Major Treasure influenced his biome the fastest. And by sending an Empyrean Tusk there, he made it dance the steps necessary to turn Brandal Brimgan into a Nature Weapon.

Before his Spirit Container was sealed by Brandal Brimgan, Virala activated his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation alongside Dance of Annihilation to gain information of the dance he had to perform to turn the latter into a Nature Weapon.

Not only did he have to dance for a couple of hours, but it couldn't be interrupted in the slightest. Otherwise, it would fail. Hence, he was unable to perform it.

But now, the situation was perfect. The goal was to influence Brandal Brimgan's Prana. The conditions were to satisfy that while the Dance of Annihilation shortened the various actions into a dance.

As the Empyrean Tusk danced in his stomach biome under the Major Treasure's influence, the scene was sent into the tornado in his mind, causing it to materialise outside his body and be absorbed by the Information Slip in Brandal Brimgan's hand.

This was sneakily mixed amidst other information.

As the Empyrean Tusk danced in his stomach biome, its body began to shatter in response and be carried out through the tornado. As Brandal Brimgan absorbed the information in the Information Slip, the body parts of the Empyrean Tusk flowed into his mind.

At present, it hid amidst other information clusters as noise. But once its entire body was there, it would assume form and dance in his mindspace, influencing influence from the core of his being.

Brandal Brimgan didn't have the means to survive that attack and would inevitable be transformed into Nature Weapons. But it would take time. Hence, Virala was patient, 'Besides, by now, my influence on Brana might have worn off. He'll reveal everything I did to Yarsha Zahara. So, I can't go ahead with that plan.'

'I'll have to do something else.' He thought and began to refine his plans, controlling his true intent as he stared at Brandal Brimgan, 'You're a terrifying powerhouse. From what I know, only Raaha and Brangara are stronger than you. But it's your arrogance and carelessness that'll spell your demise.'

'It's also a lesson for me.' Virala thought while self-analysing, 'No matter how strong I become, if I become careless for a moment, I can be killed. It's not the strongest that survive but the fittest. That's the law of Sumatra.'

'I became arrogant just like Resha upon gaining the power of an Empyrean Tusk and focused on strength accumulation. That's the wrong path. It's a wonder I never realised it before. Facing that guy at the Karuta Hill proved it to me. Even with a weak ability, he was able to outwit me.' Virala thought, sighing in realisation, 'You were on the right path all along, Inala. Versatility is the most important, even more than strength.'

'Because Brandal Brimgan isn't versatile enough, he's already fallen prey to me without even realising it.' Virala thought in realisation, 'In that aspect, Inala has been focusing on it since day one. Grehha too has been accumulating for the same. It's why the two of them are content with having Silver Grade strength. They'll become versatile enough to target the weaknesses of their enemies.'

The Boar King was freakishly strong to an absurd, incomprehensible extent. It was the height of foolishness to face his strength, as Resha did in Sumatra Chronicles. A dog's death awaited that decision.

Instead, it was better to target the Boar King's weaknesses, repeatedly. Figure out where he was weak and accurately hit that and have a versatile power that is able to target them all spontaneously.

As Virala thought about it, he realised that Inala, Grehha, and even the dumbass, Yennda was proceeding along that root. He was shocked upon the realisation, 'Yennda had everyone fooled all along. Right, he wasn't dying fruitlessly in dangerous regions due to Raaha's orders. No, he's preparing countermeasures to various situations and racking up life-and-death experiences on a mass scale.'

'He took advantage of Blola's revival mechanism. That fucker! He's sneaky as a worm.' Virala chuckled mentally, 'I have been insulting Resha all along, but somewhere along the line, I became no different to him.'

'Since when did I start pursuing the Mystic Grade like a mindless idiot?' He sighed, 'That's useless. It'll take me many centuries to reach the peak of the Body Stage like that. Even as an Empyrean Tusk, to reach the peak of the Body Stage for this body, I used up all resources of the Mammoth Clan.'

'Yeah, that's foolish.' He thought and focused on his mind space, watching the Empyrean Tusks do their tasks without rest, 'A cultivator has an advantage in being able to reach the 10-Life Stage. But even for a Brimgan Royal with Gold Grade strength, they'll have to be at a minimum of 4-Life Stage to have a chance at killing a Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. It's because their massive bodies are a force of their own.'

'In my case, my Empyrean Tusk body is on the level of a calamity. Just by running I can generate earthquakes. But, it's useless without the Nature Weapon of Tusk.' Virala concluded, 'That's my weakness. If I have to use my Empyrean Tusk form, I'll have to waste a Nature slot to equip Internal Inertial Gravity. But without it, by fighting in human form, I'll be no different from a Brimgan Royal. Even at the 10-Life Stage with Gold Grade strength, I'll only be able to kill a 3-Life Stage Gold Grade Pranic Beast.'

In the situation that a Gold Grade Pranic Beast has the Tertiary Nature of cultivator and could stack bodies, Virala's endgame build would only be able to be on par its 3-Life Stage form. It's because of the momentum their bodies alone could generate.

Thereby, he was extremely limited in that form. And though an Empyrean Tusk body was extremely powerful, having no rival on Sumatra, it didn't work against the Boar King, someone who evolved to hunt and predate Empyrean Tusks.

'That's how I have to change myself.' Virala finalised his plans as he focused on his Spirit Container, 'A versatile entity where I won't just change Natures but also Pranic Beast bodies too.'

Virala observed the Empyrean Tusks in his mindspace, his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, and the Nature Weapon of Tusk. His gaze finally lay on the Nature Weapon of Refiner, smiling in response as he stared at the golden giant, 'I know what to do now.'



Chapter 469 Bureau of Attribute Acquisition

﻿﻿Bureau of Attribute Acquisition!

"His Majesty, the Emperor has sent in confirmation today." Standing before an auditorium filled with Royals was Amita Brimgan, addressing with power, "The Attribute will reveal itself in four years. Or to be exact, there are 1468 days for its appearance. The mining team confirmed the site but unfortunately, lost their lives in the process."

Staring at the audience, she continued, "Based on our investigative reports, there will be 16 entrances to the site in total, of which eight will be within the Empire. Task forces ought to be established for the entrances outside. It'll be dangerous to allow entry for the Pranic Beasts."

"Director, since we confirmed the site's danger, why don't we test the path using the Pranic Beasts?" A Royal in his early twenties raised his hand and posed the question, "Why should we risk the lives of our people needlessly?"

"You're right about that, but here's the issue." Amita Brimgan said and caused a Spirit Weapon to hover before her, shaped like a spiderweb with sixteen spokes. She pointed at the spokes, "Each of these serve as the entrances. But the problem lies in the fact that beyond the entrance lies a maze."

There were eleven concentric hexadecagons—a polygon with sixteen sides—connecting the sixteen spokes. The centre was a hexadecagon where the Major Treasure of Attribute existed, representing the zeroth layer.

Until then, the spokes and the remaining ten concentric hexadecagons combined created 160 compartments. Every layer had 16 compartments, with the compartments on the tent –outermost—layer spanning the largest area. The areas of the compartments shrunk steadily from the ninth, eight, and so on, until the zeroth layer, which was the centre.

Pointing at the spokes that extended beyond the tenth layer, Amita said, "Each spoke will reach the surface to form an entrance. If we enter it, we'll enter the respective compartment. For convenience, we'll number the layers and call the compartments on the respective layer with symbols from A to P."

The compartments in the tenth layer will start from '10-A' and end at '10-P' for a total of sixteen compartments. Similarly, compartments in the ninth layer will start from '9-A' and end at '9-P'.

"We'll call the centre, where the Attribute lies as Zero." Amita said and displayed the diagram, "This is what our mining team has surveyed until now. The region affected by the Major Treasure of Attribute is a flat plane divided into 160 compartments plus the centre. The entire plane spans a radius of 176 kilometres, with each layer spanning a length of 16 kilometres. The plane has a height of two kilometres. It's a massive region."

It was shaped like a disk—two kilometres thick—sporting sixteen edges. This was the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Attribute. "The reason's unknown, but the influenced region has such a shape."

"Then, based on the diagram…" One of the Royals lifted his hand to ask, "Have we spotted the Major Treasure?"

"Yes," Amita nodded, hearings bouts of shock and exclaims from the crowd. But, her following words downed the enthusiasm, "Unfortunately, even though we could see it, we're unable to near it. The region influenced by the Major Treasure has been named the Attributed Region by our bureau. The walls of the Attributed Region are made out of streamlined water, as a result we're able to see through it. It's how we managed to detect the Attribute."

"If it's just water, don't we have plenty of means to deal with it?" A Royal seated at the front asked.

"Except, a nail-sized portion of this water weighs as much as a mountain range. It also flows at speeds surpassing the Emperor's Spirit Weapon. This has personally been confirmed by His Majesty." Amita Brimgan said, "As a result, we're unable to damage it. There's a powerful force maintaining the place. So, other than heeding its will, we have no other choice."

"Which brings me to the initial problem," Saying so, she pointed at the spokes, "Suppose we enter entrance A and make our way through, we'll reach Compartment 10-A. It seems there'll be missions organised by the Attribute. If we're able to clear the missions, we'd get what are known as keys. Each key will allow us access to another compartment. From 10-A, we'll be able to gather keys for 10-B, 10-P, and 9-A."

"Only by getting the key for 9-A will we be able to progress forward. Otherwise, we'll be stuck moving through compartments on the tenth layer aimlessly." She said, urging everyone to concentrate, "The number of keys leading to 9-A are limited. Only ten of them will be available. And this number will decrease by one for every layer we head in."

There will be nine keys in compartment 9-A that would lead into compartment 8-A, so on, and so forth. Finally, there will only be one key in compartment 1-A that would lead into the centre. "So, as each key can only allow entry for one person, it means only sixteen people have a shot at reaching the Attribute. And since it's first come first served, if we were to allow Pranic Beasts to head inside first, they'll gain the keys to head to the inner layers, which prevents us from even getting close to the Major Treasure, not to mention getting it."

If ten Pranic Beasts in compartment 10-A manage to get to compartment 9-A, it would make the rest of the Pranic Beasts in the compartment gather the remaining keys to head into compartments 10-B and 10-P in an effort to get into compartments 9-B and 9-P respectively.

This means that as long as a group of Pranic Beasts head inside, they could swiftly spread across the tenth layer and gather all the keys leading into the ninth layer. Only 160 people could enter the ninth layer.

The Major Treasure of Attribute cared naught for one's strength. The first one to reach it could lay claim to it, as simple as that.

"So, it's a race." A Royal muttered innocently and asked next, "How are we able to confirm so many details when you said we cannot enter it?"

"There are monoliths engraved with the rules in all compartments." Amita said, "They have been engraved in all the languages spoken in this region. Moreover, there are monoliths present that are visible from the top of the place, the side, and even the bottom. It's impossible to miss them, for they are displayed in all possible directions."

The languages weren't limited to the ones spoken in the Brimgan Empire, but the languages used by all Pranic Beast races native to the region, whether major or minor. Based on the list of languages, the Brimgan Empire scoured through the wilds, and noted the farthest language was that of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast race that lived four thousand eight hundred kilometres from the Brimgan Empire.

This meant that the Major Treasure of Attribute intended to draw in living beings from at least a radius of approximately five thousand kilometres, since plans had been made to ensure the creatures living there too could understand the missions upon reading the monoliths.

"We even noticed Information Slips," Amita Brimgan concluded with a sigh, "This means that there will be no time wasted to understand the rules. The battle will erupt the moment we set foot within. Therefore, to increase our chances of claiming the Major Treasure of Attribute, we would have to occupy all sixteen entrances."



Chapter 470 The Director

﻿﻿The Bureau of Attribute Acquisition was an organisation established with the purpose of researching the Attributed Region and figuring out its intricacies. Ever since Brandal Brimgan extracted information about it from Loot six years ago, significant importance had been placed on this bureau.

And the one nominated as its Director was Amita Brimgan, the forerunner making all plans. It wasn't easy to get this position. But there was an incident that happened six years ago, using which she managed to attain such a position.

Wittral was falsely accused as a traitor by Fentan City's Bureau of Intelligence of Security. As rumours spread, people took up arms. And eventually, twelve days later, Wittral's corpse was found in Resnesk City, beaten beyond recognition.

There were blatant signs of torture, of a variety. The cruelty displayed was to such an extent that the common populace was unable to bear witnessing the sight, actively avoiding the Information Slips circulated with the image.

But two months later, enough evidence was submitted to the Court for Wittral to be declared innocent. Unfortunately, he was already dead by then.

Finc Brimgan, Chief of Fentan City's Bureau of Intelligence and Security ended up taking the fall for being the individual behind the spread of rumours. He was imprisoned in the end.

To date, Yarsha Zahara was alive, having transformed Varahan Mansion into an unbreakable fortress, the likes of which even the Fentan City Lord would fail to penetrate.

Public opinion shifted easily. Since the authorities dared not kill the Boar King's wife and family, they had framed an innocent bystander into being the target for the public to vent their anger upon. When truth got out that Wittral was merely a brewer working at the Misty Flake Tea House and had worked tirelessly to serve top-notch drinks to the customers that were cheaper than Elixirs of the same effect, people came to their own conclusions.

Since Wittral and Amita were a couple, with her being adopted as Farloon Brimgan's daughter, their political rival, Finc Brimgan had used the opportunity to kill Wittral. If not for Farloon Brimgan protecting Amita Brimgan, she too would have ended up dead in a random ditch mysteriously.

The cultivation technique practiced by Amita and Wittral were open to the public for purchase. It implied their goodwill and displayed their character that was selfless by nature.

As a result, Amita Brimgan was painted as a pitiful victim who lost her beloved and gained public support. She used that momentum to contribute to the community and sold powerful Iron Grade Cultivation Techniques for the minimum most price possible, garnering further support.

Moreover, she used the chance to capitalise on the void left behind by Yarsha Zahara, displaying abilities superior to her, and soon enough, obtained her seat and gained access to libraries where cultivation techniques were archived, researched and developed.

Through her stellar contribution that also included the creation of powerful Skills for the Brimgan Royals, she was quickly accepted into the elite circles and was granted seats of authority such as Director, Honorary Director, Council Member, etc. across various institutions.

The Director position in the Bureau of Attribute Acquisition soon became hers. Despite powerful competitors vying for the seat, she managed to remain in position for the past two years and planned to do so for the remaining four years.

Currently, she was educating the younger generation of Royals and brought awareness to them, as many among them intended to take part. Competition would be tough as valuable materials were spotted even in the Tenth layer. There were Minor Treasures available from the Second layer onwards.

So, even old monsters that had lived for a millennium were raring to participate. It was Amita Brimgan's task to convey all the information compiled by her organisation to these Royals.

"That'll be all. Any questions?" She sighed at the end of an exhausting day, watching a hand rise up in response. Without displaying any hints of exhaustion, she nodded at the Royal, watching him stand up and ask something that had been on the minds of everyone.

"Your husband was killed because he was accused of being related to the Boar King. What's your take on Varahan Mansion?" The youth asked.

"They need to be killed, obviously." Amita Brimgan nodded, gritting her teeth to express rage, "But this isn't the time. Our Raid team isn't ready yet. Besides, if we were to kill her, the Boar King will return in a matter of days. All our plans would be disrupted."

"What do you propose in that case, Director?" The youth asked further.

"Wait until the Attribute and all the Minor Treasures in the Attributed Region is ours." Amita said and clapped murderously, expressing her intent to slaughter the Boar King's family, "And then, we'll slaughter them all."

Clap! Clap! Clap!

All the Royals cheered at her response, feeling that she was the most logical among everyone. Even though she expressed her feelings of hatred, her decision was logical, which earned their admiration.

"The Director is different."

"Yeah, she explains everything with spectacular clarity. Honestly, her one hour of lecture is worth a month's time of learning. I gained more now than by training at home."

"Did you hear rumours about her?"

"What rumours?"

"I heard she was specifically trained by Fhoong Brimgan to lead the Free Humans. She was born special. They say she also gained special abilities from a Mudropper."

"A Mudropper was alive? I'll be damned! Please tell me someone killed it!"

"I'm not sure about that. But I think His Majesty the Emperor took care of that."

"Anyway, she's really impressive. Too bad she's a married woman."

"Idiot, her husband died. Besides, she has no children. So, shoot your shot."

The Royals discussed with hushed tones as they left the auditorium, shooting glances at Amita Brimgan in admiration.

"Director, I heard you're interested in Elixirs. I hope you like this one." A Royal approached Amita and presented a vial with the lid shaped into a flower.

"Oh my, that looks pretty. Thank you," Amita received the vial and smiled happily, "I'll treasure it."

"Work hard to be selected, alright?"

"Yes!" The Royal said, ignorant of his voice growing in pitch unconsciously in excitement as he ran out of the auditorium.

"Director…" Another Royal approached her and gave her a similarly flower-shaped vial and left the auditorium full of smiles, "I'll make you proud."

"I'll be rooting for you." Amita replied with a smile and placed the vial in her bag. Had anyone peered into the bag, they would have noticed that it was filled with vials in the shape of a variety of flowers.

A rumour somehow spread that Amita Brimgan was interested in two things, flowers, and Elixirs. As a result, those expressing interest in her fused the two together to gift her Elixirs stored in vials shaped like flowers.

Once everyone had left, she stood alone in the auditorium and looked into her vial-filled bag, smiling helplessly, 'In a day, I earned more than the past six years.'

Even the cheapest vial was a Low-Grade Elixir capable of granting the consumer 80 Prana. Those were among the minority. The majority were Mid-Grade Elixirs. Amita even spotted some High-Grade Elixirs, feeling her head spin in response, 'How come brats in the Body Stage possess such wealth?'

'Anyhow, I can easily reach the peak of the Body Stage now, thanks to them.' She only needed to consume one High-Grade Elixir for that, but had many. Today's lecture was geared towards the youngest generation among the Brimgan Royalty.

She had pursuers among the older generations too. And their gifts were even more exorbitant. She didn't waste the Elixirs and instead planned to consume them all. After all, using them, she was able to accelerate the development of her Sumatra Gold Skeleton and was nearing completion for her preparations to summon a Bolt of Transcendence.

"Are you there, Dhya?" Amita shouted and smiled in relief upon seeing a woman enter, bearing the title as her Secretary, "Thank goodness. I need your help sorting through the files necessary for the meeting tonight."

"I'm on it, Madam." Dhya said and eyed Amita. The duo smiled. They were behind Wittral's death, having used Subtle Terrain Domination on a poor bloke to transform him into a realistic corpse of Wittral.

Using the false narrative, Amita turned the tables to pun the blame on Finc Brimgan and got rid of this political rival, as a result able to grow freely in Fentan City. She then did everything in her power to shift focus of public anger onto the Boar King, using both anger and sympathy as fuel for her ballistic growth.

Everything was a well-calibrated scheme.



