Chapter 401 An Exceptional Hunter

"I think this area is clear of all Comets," Wittral spoke after two hours since their arrival, wiping his sweat as he downed the fluid in a Life Bomb and recovered 50 Prana after some time. He then stared at Inala, "We can split off and gather what we want faster. This area is safe for the time being."

Originally, Inala wanted to split off right from the get-go, but Wittral refused to do so until all the Comets in the region had been captured. That way, he wouldn't have to worry about Inala's well-being.

Well, Inala didn't have to guard against sneak attacks, so that was indeed a welcomed decision from his side. He casually began to walk in a respective direction, "I'll start from here."

"Alright," Wittral pointed at a small mound deeper in the forest, "That place is hidden enough for me to assume my Empyrean Snapper form. I'll be collecting the necessary minerals there."

They needed a certain mineral to form the beetred alloy with a Prana Bomb. Wittral didn't plan on stopping there and intended to stock up on a bunch of minerals that were necessary to brew a variety of drinks.

He had seen the price of goods in the market for items such as sugar and other basic essentials. Even though they were very cheap, it was even cheaper to procure them on his own. That way, his profit margin would be larger. And best of all, since he would be personally extracting the minerals, the quality would be top-notch.

To pay off their steep loan, he planned to take advantage of his exceptional abilities to the best of his capability. 'Besides, by mixing the fluid in a Prana Bomb, I can make drinks that can develop one's cultivation. Such drinks will go for a premium and will become our tea house's signature items.'

'Amita has a few interesting recipes. But I'm the one in charge of making the drinks.' Wittral was very clear about the division of roles. In the tea house, he would be in charge of brewing everything while Inala would serve the customers, paint live for the customer's viewing pleasure, and even perform short skits.

All entertainment aspects will be taken care of by Inala. And hence, anything necessary for it would be procured by him. Similarly, anything necessary for brewing drinks would be procured by him. Since both of them had the same set of abilities, they could focus on doing what they wanted.

Anyway, at the end of the day, the profits would be theirs. This division of roles was just to keep things fun and interesting in their daily lives.

'She loves to paint. So, I'll ensure she can have fun.' He patted his chest, looked around sneakily, took out a scroll, and unfurled it to bask in the radiance of a bald woman's painting on it, "Besides,"

"I have this."

"What are you doing?" There was a voice transmitted from afar as Wittral rapidly furled the scroll and safely kept it in his chest pocket. He turned around and noticed the figure of Inala staring at him from 150 metres away, flashing a glare of suspicion his way.

"Nothing," Wittral tried his best to mask his fluster and moved farther away, "Don't mind me and do your thing. I'm busy."

"…I should tear up that picture." Inala felt strange emotions well up in him, stuff that he couldn't even put a tag upon. He couldn't understand why Wittral emphasised so much interest in a portrait of his female—bald—form when he was right here, in the exact same appearance.

'Is it an Empyrean Snapper thing?' After some time, Inala shook his head and cleared his mind, not having the mental freedom to ponder about every little thing. As long as Wittral was happy and didn't do anything that would hinder his plans, Inala wouldn't complain.

Once Wittral had gone far away, Inala reverted to his male form, inhaling a deep breath as he stared at the dense foliage overhead, feeling his eye twitch, "Don't think."

There was an instant conflict in his thoughts. In his male form, he felt disgusted by how his female form was behaving. The more he thought about it, the more his mental conflict grew. Hence, the only solution was to stop thinking about it, 'Focus on your goal. Nothing more, nothing less. Don't become distracted.'

It was a mantra to brainwash himself as Inala kept repeating the three lines in a loop, using that to prevent his brain from wandering to his past actions as a female and interfering with them through the mindset of his male form. "I need to get to the 2-Life Stage as soon as possible."

Once that happens, he'll split his body and make each body live as a gender respectively. This way, a good portion of the issues could be pushed onto the respective gendered body. The only time where they would combine into a single body is when he grabs the Major Treasure of Attribute.

'I'll make Wittral introduce my male form to Hayaya.' It was a long scheme that was being brewed. Currently, Hayaya—Asaeya's disguise in the Brimgan Empire—was the closest Wittral had in regards to a friend. And there were still three years left for Inala to reach the 2-Life Stage. 'Things will be ready by then.'

He casually leaned on a tree trunk and inhaled softly, remaining as still as a rock. His Prana Hands crawled across the place like spiders, running on their fingers, feeling up every bark, leaf, pebble, and blade of grass nearby. He remained motionless for an hour while his Prana Hands remained in motion without rest. Suddenly, his hand shot forth and grabbed a leaf.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The leaf was a Satellite. And once he reached in its direction, it slammed into him. But as it approached him, Inala activated the Skill of Prana Claw and grabbed it, absorbing all its Prana to render it useless.

Getting its Prana absorbed all of a sudden through its Satellite caused pain in its Spirit Container, causing the Enrino to flinch instinctively. Inala noticed that flinch.

"Where are you going?" Two Prana Hands jutted forth and grabbed a tree branch that suddenly wriggled into life, letting out faint shrieks in pain as its Prana was being absorbed rapidly.

As Prana surged into his being, Inala closed his eyes in delight, relishing the influx, "It has been a while since I felt like this."

Once the Enrino was exhausted of all Prana, he touched it with a Life Hand and absorbed its lifeforce, feeling his body grow healthier in response, "I have been living in a deprived state for too long."

He stopped absorbing its Lifeforce when it only had a day left to live. Inala grabbed the unconscious figure of the Enrino and seeped Prana into it.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

Blood spurted out of its orifices as all information about its body was encoded into its skull. Inala ripped it apart using his Prana Hands, ensuring the blood didn't spill on his clothes. Using the same technique a Mammoth Clansman used to clean themselves, Inala expended a single unit of Prana and cleaned up the skull.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

He accessed the Enrino's data and focused on its hiding instinct and the related information, prioritising comprehending them. Two hours later, he stopped and looked around. Even though the forest looked the same as before, appearing the exact same in his vision, now armed with data, Inala stared at parts of the forest with a smile, "There you are."

He was now able to detect where the Enrinos were hidden, knowing their bias in selecting a hiding spot like the back of his hand.



Chapter 402 Going Overboard

Prana Hands flashed through the forest, grabbing the helpless Enrinos. The resistance offered by the Satellites was futile, since the Prana Hands were reinforced by Internal Inertial Gravity. Each of them weighed close to forty kilograms when the Satellites attacked them, failing to harm them much.

Due to their density, the damage sustained by the Prana Hands was minimal. After they accumulated enough damage, Inala simply got rid of them and created a new pair of Prana Hands. It only took him ten Prana to create a Prana Bomb.

Hence, this was an extremely economical process. The combination of a Prana Hand and Mystic Bone Art was phenomenal. He could simply keep fighting a swarm without issues. And through his Life Bombs and the Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System, he could control a swarm of Zingers.

His male form alone was already strong enough. And now, he had his female form too, which was extremely versatile, allowing Inala to survive in all sorts of environmental conditions.

He collected the Satellites, absorbed Prana and Lifeforce from the Enrinos, created a reserve of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs filled with Prana and Lifeforce respectively, and finally, got a bunch of Enrino Skulls.

He swapped through his male and female forms like the flaps of a butterfly wing, amassing a lot of resources in terms of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. Best of all, by taking advantage of the excess influx of Prana and Lifeforce, Inala built up his body, causing it to better adapt to the changes.

In an hour, he had already killed over two hundred Enrinos. His male form was now ripped, having been using Mystic Bone Art all along while he downed the contents of both Prana Bombs and Life Bombs.

His stomach digested them rapidly and supplemented his body, developing him swiftly back to his prime. It was impossible to get all the necessary nutrients from regular food, no matter how much he ate.

Besides, he had been working nonstop and only eating by using the money he earned. And after what he had done at the Dralh Sea to gain Subtle Terrain Dominance, his body had yet to recover from malnutrition.

"Hmm…" Inala flexed his arm and punched forth, producing a crisp sound from the tree trunk. This was a simple punch, unleashed without using any abilities. Blood dripped from his fist and there was a minor dent on the tree trunk.

Prana surged into his injury and healed it swiftly as Inala was satisfied, "I'm back to my physical peak."

Now that he was brimming with strength, Inala accelerated his hunting pace, killing a large number of Enrinos. And in the process, he also strengthened his Spirit Container, making it more and more robust.

As long as it becomes strong enough, he could consume an Elixir and rapidly increase his Prana reserves, thereby reducing his training time. They had plenty of Elixirs. Hence, he focused on strengthening the Spirit Container.

Every second of the fight, his body was brimming with Prana. At least one Prana Hand was supplying him with Prana. Through Mystic Bone Art, he was also digesting the contents in his stomach, causing Prana to be supplied to his Spirit Container the traditional way too.

This allowed him to be reckless with his usage. Soon, he entered decently deep into the forest when suddenly, a Comet slammed into the side of his chest, sending him crashing into a tree trunk.

"Koff!" Inala coughed and spat out some blood and noticed that his ribs had cracked, "Thankfully, I increased my rib density enough."

His Internal Inertial Gravity was active all along. And the moment he felt danger, he strengthened the target area. It served as training, allowing him to improve his reaction time. Besides, he reinforced his head and chest through Internal Inertial Gravity, making it strong enough to tank a full-powered hit from a Comet.

So, even if he fails to react on time, he'll only be injured and won't die. With the excess Prana and Lifeforce there at his disposal, he could easily recover from such an injury in a matter of seconds. Armed with such confidence, Inala could train without worries.

Soon, he came across an Enran, targeting it without hesitation. His Prana Hands intercepted the Satellites protecting it, absorbing Prana from the latter upon contact. In less than two minutes, he neutralised all its Satellites.

The Enran leapt like a grasshopper from one tree to another, intending to camouflage itself as quickly as possible. But Inala's figure was right on its trail.

Taking on his female form, he sent forth a string of Prana, wrapping it around the Enran. Using psychokinesis, he caused its figure to stop midair, binding it. The Enran struggled to break free but didn't have the muscular strength necessary to do so.

Inala slowly brought its bound figure to a pile of empty Prana Bombs and watched it scream when it landed on the pile. Its Prana was stolen from multiple directions, causing it enough pain that it fell unconscious.

Double-checking to confirm that it was unconscious, Inala reverted to his male form and grabbed it using a pair of Prana Hands. Once it was empty of Prana, he placed it on a pile of Life Bombs—ones meant to birth a queen—and made them absorb its Lifeforce.

As it was on the verge of death, he grabbed it by hand, used the Prime Skill of Empyrean Extraction, and gathered its data. Using the Prime Skill of Mind Slip, he comprehended the most important data about the Enran, using which he was able to hunt them next.

When it was almost nighttime, Wittral dragged in a large number of wooden trolleys filled with a hundred percent pure batch of minerals, each packed in air-tight wooden boxes that were coated with a layer of paint made to keep the material within pure. The paint in every box was designed in regard to the type of mineral stored within, ensuring they wouldn't react with each other.

"There's too much here." Wittral smiled wryly upon seeing the number of crates he had gathered, "I think I went overboard…"

He stopped speaking once he walked into a clearing and noticed three hills there. The first was a hill of empty Prana Bombs, reaching a height of four hundred metres. The second was a hill of Prana Bombs—filled with Prana—that approximately reached a height of hundred metres. And finally, the third was a hill of Life Bombs—one that could birth a queen—rich in Lifeforce, reaching a height of a hundred metres.

The pile at the bottom of the hill emanated with a strong present, containing the lifeforce of Enrans, numbering in the hundreds.

Staring at the piles, Wittral felt strangely defeated before cursing aloud, "This won't fit in our truck!"

"It's fine, we can simply make a bunch of trolleys to store them." A voice resounded from the side as Inala walked from behind the hill of Life Bombs.

"…Damn!" Wittral exclaimed instinctively upon staring at the spot under the neck of Inala's female form and flashed a thumbs up, "You did well."

"Yeah, it seemed easy, so I collected as much as possible." Inala stared at the piles of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs, "We'll save a lot of money by having to make fewer trips outside."

"I wasn't complimenting those hills." Wittral retorted.

"Then?" Inala tilted his head in confusion.

"Never mind." Wittral laughed as he approached the hill of empty Prana Bombs, "Let's make the alloy now."

"We'll return in the morning."



Chapter 403 Unofficial Deals

Mystic Mist Art!

Inala poked holes in a bunch of excess Prana-rich Prana Bombs and caused the fluid within to come out as a cloud. Wittral took control of the cloud and seeped it through a heap of powder—purple in colour.

He poured the powder into a large, inert container to form the fusion process and heated it first. The cloud hovered above the container and rained down droplets of fluid rich in Prana.

As the fluid mixed into the powder, Wittral gathered heat from the warm earth and seeped it into the mixture, turning it molten. Through psychokinesis, he kept stirring up the mixture until it was uniformly molten, with all portions of the mixture maintained at the same temperature and pressure.

At the side, using Subtle Terrain Domination, Inala transformed the empty Prana Bombs into a fluid and poured it into the container, watching Wittral mix everything up seamlessly.

The container was the size of a pool, cylindrical in shape with a radius of forty metres and a height of thirty metres.

At a ratio of seventy-four to twenty-six for the Prana Bomb and the mineral, Wittral kept the mixture molten and continued to stir it from different directions through psychokinesis until there was a uniform distribution of both elements.

Any air trapped within it seeped out in the form of bubbles thanks to the heat, keeping the mixture homogenous. The process lasted for a total of six hours, following which Wittral used Subtle Terrain Domination to cool it down and broke it down into uniform bricks.

"That was exhausting." He wiped his sweat, observing that all the empty Prana Bombs had been used up. There was still a bit of mineral left, which he planned to bring back to their residence. That would be used up for any repairs that crop up during the tea house's operation.

"Now, to take care of this." He sighed and stared at the hill of Prana-rich Prana Bombs, beginning to reshape the shells to form large cylindrical containers while the fluid rich with Prana was safely stored within, unblemished.

Each cylindrical container resembled a barrel, having a storage capacity of twenty litres. Wittral did the same for the Life Bombs too. And finally, he applied a coat of wood over all the barrels, ensuring they became less eye-catching.

If Inala did that, the result wouldn't be perfect. Only Wittral had enough experience in using Subtle Terrain Domination to transfer the wood from a tree trunk into a coating of the same over the cylinders to ensure the end result made the cylinders appear and feel no different from barrels of wood.

"This reserve is more than sufficient for at least two years," Wittral commented once he was done. Following that, he used Subtle Terrain Domination on the nearby trees to build robust trailers to carry the barrels and the beetred alloy bricks.

"Are you sure they'll allow us to attach these trailers to the rear end of their truck?" He asked, unsure about Inala's idea.

"Yeah, we'll just pay them extra," Inala said casually. "It has been a day since our arrival. The four drivers ought to have rested enough to recover all their Prana. Their Human Avatars are geared in Prana recovery and load bearing capacity for psychokinesis, which is why they are in this business."

"This is…" The drivers were playing cards in their truck, having parked it in a safe place frequently used by many trucks. They weren't alone there, accompanied by six other trucks.

Satellites were an expensive commodity in the Brimgan Empire. Hence, raid teams visited the region frequently. These trucks belonged to one such team.

Seeing their employers arrive while dragging in large, wooden trailers, they were stunned, "How did the two of them gather so much?"

The lead driver jumped out of the truck and rushed toward the duo, asking Wittral, "Sir, may I know what you gathered in such large quantities?"

"I'm not obligated to answer, right?" Wittral smiled in response.

"Yes, you're right." The driver smiled awkwardly, "I apologise. I lost my cool in seeing the staggering amount of goods."

"This isn't the end." Wittral said casually, "We have more of them. I made these wooden trailers to attach to the end of your truck so that we can bring them all to the Brimgan Empire. Please don't worry about the price. We'll compensate you fairly as stated in the contract."

"There's…more?" The driver hesitated before saying, "Sir, compensation isn't an issue. I'm not sure if we're able to even carry that much."

"Hmm, this is indeed a pickle." Wittral frowned. He then noticed Inala approach the nearby truck and knock on its door.

"Yes, what may I do for you, madam?" The driver in the truck happily jumped out upon seeing Inala, asking enthusiastically.

"We need a couple more trucks to bring our load." Inala said and extended a bad of Briga, "We'll pay you the market price for the trip."

"This…" The driver hesitated a bit, "We're already employed."

"I know. They're a raid team targeting Satellites, right?" Inala stared at the empty trucks, "They'll be camping here for at least another day. You'll be able to drop us and return here well in advance before their raid concludes."

Inala then turned around, intending to approach another truck, "Well, if you're not willing, I can always ask the others."

"Please wait a minute, madam." The driver said and rushed to discuss with his comrades. He then returned to ask, "Will this be uncontracted?"

"Pretty much." Inala nodded.

"If you pay us twenty Briga more than the market price, you have a deal." The driver laid out his condition, "We too are taking this risk. So please compensate us a bit accordingly."

"Alright, get ready then." Inala nodded and pointed at the trailer, "Can you load them on your truck?"

"Of course!" The driver nodded happily and got to work with his comrades. An uncontracted job means this wouldn't be registered in their records, which implied that all the money they get from Inala could be shared between the drivers alone, not needing to pay a commission to the company they were a part of.

As Inala said, they would be waiting until the raid team returns. It was a waste of time. By making a quick trip to the Brimgan Empire, they'll be making a sizeable profit.

The market price was 180 Briga. And now, they were getting paid 200 Briga. Without needing to pay their company for this job, each driver would be making 50 Briga. That was a lot of money, especially since even a decent meal cost less than one Briga.

"Madam, are there more goods to be transported?" Upon seeing this transaction, a driver from another truck approached them, unwilling to lose out on the chance to make some money.

"Of course," Inala made a knowing smile, watching the drivers happily load the goods brought by Wittral onto their truck. Soon, all seven trucks were filled to the brim with goods.

As all drivers enthusiastically boarded their respective trucks, Wittral approached Inala to ask, "Did you calculate everything before making so many Prana Bombs?"

"Yeah," Inala nodded, "They came with us. So, I knew we could use them for a return trip, which is why I decided to make so much. Now, we have as much as we need for two years from this one trip. It's cheaper this way."

"You're indeed right." Nodding as such, Wittral accompanied Inala to board their truck, "I still have a lot left to learn from you."

"Of course." Inala smiled and gave a bag of twenty Briga to the drivers they hired, seeing them break into smiles. They were the ones officially contracted by Inala for a sum of 180 Briga. But the ones hired by Inala at the scene were being paid 200 Briga.

So, they were discontent, since the others were making a profit for the same trip. But once Inala handed them a tip of 20 Briga, all their discontentment vanished, instead replaced by giddiness. After all, these 20 Briga wouldn't be recorded, which meant they could divide it among themselves and not pay a part of it to their company as a commission.

"This is also to ensure none of them says a word about this, since they're now our accomplices in this unofficial trade agreement." Inala smiled and whispered, "When the other raid team returns, they'll have six trucks waiting for them, unaware of this trip ever happening."

"You're meticulous," Wittral said in awe as all seven trucks made the return journey to the Brimgan Empire.



Chapter 404 Misty Flake Tea House

Morning, the next day, Inala stood at his purchased home, watching small trucks bring in the goods from the railway station.

The seven trucks unloaded all cargo on a railway that transported everything to Fentan City. There, Wittral hired the services of a transport company to shift the goods from the train to their home.

Wittral actively kept watch at the railway to ensure all the goods were transported properly and nothing was stolen. He had packed them all personally and numbered them to ensure the goods couldn't be stolen a bit here and there during the transit.

"Madam, where shall we put them?" The cargo driver asked upon arriving at the entrance of Inala's home.

"Leave it at the entrance," Inala said and pointed to the courtyard. It wasn't that large and hence was quickly filled with a large stack of goods that continued to pile up. Noticing the bustle, many neighbouring shopkeepers arrived to witness, surprised to see a young woman be the owner.

Inala flashed them a courteous smile and continued with his work. He wasn't free enough to make pleasantries with everyone, especially since the shopkeepers on the street numbered more than a hundred. Wittral would take care of that.

Hence, to avoid them, he purposefully kept himself busy and ordered the cargo drivers to move the barrels and beetred bricks to multiple locations around the house.

In the end, he commissioned them to erect a net around the property, ensuring the construction wouldn't disturb the others and remain unpleasant for passersby. It was merely polite to do so. Besides, making a grand reveal netted more shock value, so that too was one of the reasons.

Inala paid the cargo drivers, noticing that he had used up most of the Briga stolen from Arlfarah Mansion's treasury. He still had some, which was enough for their immediate needs. Beyond that, their tea house would begin making money.

Inala just made an excuse of selling some common Skills to a group of commoners as the reason for earning 1400 Briga. He didn't bring up the topic after that.

The last of the goods was brought in the evening. Wittral accompanied them and noticed everything had been neatly stacked in the available spaces around the property, pleased to see the arrangement. "It's easier to use them."

He liked the net covering the property, for it prevented others from seeing what was happening within. The net currently was three storeys tall, but could be elongated easily. They planned to construct six storeys after all.

Entering the property, he asked, "Wouldn't it be odd to see a building pop out so quickly? I did ask around, but all constructions are usually done by construction companies."

"Yes, but construction companies have little to no influence here, since hardly anything is being constructed." Inala said, "If needed, anyone could construct. There will be confusion and speculation regarding the speed at which we construct, but that too would serve as an advertisement."

"You needn't worry." Inala smirked, "I already found a backer to take charge of the construction for official purposes."

Maroppa's company refined and sold Spirit Weapons. Technically, they could also construct buildings, which seldom happened because of the lack of demand. Hence, it wasn't an issue in saying Maroppa's company built their tea house.

It helped Inala and Wittral hide their abilities while also boosting the name of Maroppa's company, a win-win situation.

"You're quick in terms of networking," Wittral said in amazement.

"That's a necessity as a Free Human." Inala said, "You have lived a pampered life as the Cooter Clan's hope. Since everyone tried to get in your good books, you never needed networking skills. But now, you can simply learn them."

"Right, I can learn anything that I'm ignorant about." Wittral nodded, positively approaching the issue with an open mind.

"Alright, let's begin construction." Inala said and patted Wittral on the back, "It's mostly on you. I'll be supporting you through Prana recovery."

"Well, you can just cheer for me from the side. I can finish this in two days." Wittral said smugly and got to work, using Subtle Terrain Domination to first transform the existing structure into dust, compress it into dense blocks, and stack them in one corner.

He quickly laid down the foundation and began construction, making rapid progress. Inala supplied Prana to Wittral by creating clouds using the fluid in Prana Bombs. From time to time, Wittral consumed part of the cloud and worked nonstop.

The compressed blocks of the original building were simply used as a foundation material after Wittral made some changes to their material composition. Nothing was wasted, displaying the creation capabilities of Subtle Terrain Domination.



Two days later, it was done. Six storeys, with the topmost being reserved as their living quarters and the kitchen. A private staircase ran down the floors, reaching the underground floors where all the brewed drinks would be preserved.

There was a total of two underground floors, the limit to what they could dig. A portion of the lowermost basement was reserved for any and all sorts of work they planned to do and the materials necessary for it, from painting to creating constructs.

All the land space had been taken up for the tea house, ensuring the building reached the very border of the plot.

"Looks great, right?" Wittral smiled in contentment, "The colour came out well too."

"Indeed," Chuckling brightly, Inala handed over the signboard that he had just finished designing, "How is it? Do you like the design?"

Misty Flake Tea House!

"The name came out well in this design," Wittral said and used Subtle Terrain Domination to affix the signboard in its respective spot. "Now, we only need to stock up on the basic necessities."

Clothes, utensils, incense, etc. were all a necessity to run the tea house. Among them, only clothes and incense needed to be purchased.

As for utensils, they intended to use the Satellites for that. It was a straight-up display of luxury to have teacups made out of Satellites.

The higher floors meant for the richer customers would have tea served in cups made out of Comets. That was more than enough to place a high price tag on their products.

Usually, if someone refined a Satellite, the essence of what made it a Satellite would be lost. As a result, all manner of decoration was done by using the Satellites in their natural form, without any changes.

Of course, Wittral was an exception to the rule, able to treat all matter as a fluid Spirit Weapon. Hence, he could morph their shape as he pleased while still retaining their Satellite qualities. As this would be a breakthrough in refinement techniques, Wittral didn't go overboard and remained subtle with the changes.

This way, they wouldn't attract the desire of the wealthy to claim his refinement techniques. But at the end of the day, it would still be impressive enough.

"This is the list of items and their blueprints." Inala used the Water Slip Skill to transfer a large amount of knowledge to Wittral. By relying upon it, Wittral would be making designer utensils and even casual board games that could be played at the tea house.

While he was doing that, Inala went out to purchase the necessary fabric. And using that as an excuse, he made a beeline towards the shop set up by Asaeya, 'Finally, I can meet them freely.'



Chapter 405 Just a Fabric Talk

"Dad, you're finally here!" Gannala shouted excitedly as she leaped into Inala's embrace. Since he arrived in his male form, it was an indication that he was currently free and away from all prying eyes.

"It took me some time." Inala smiled and patted her, "Aren't you the cutest?"

"Hehe!" Gannala grinned. Currently, they were at their residence built rear of the clothing shop they ran. In this private residence, they didn't have to fear others noticing Inala.

"Are you adjusting well?" Asaeya spoke, wrapping her hands from his back to peek out from above his shoulder, "Do I need to kill Wittral?"

"He's working his ass off for our benefit." Inala smiled and patted her on the head similarly, "How are you faring? Is everything going well here?"

"The only thing lacking is your absence." Asaeya said and dragged him towards the nearby sofa and made him sit there, asking in hope, "When will you reach the 2-Life Stage?"

"A bit less than three years." Inala said, "If I were to build my body any faster, my Spirit Container would be unable to bear the stress and shatter. Otherwise, I have everything necessary to reach the peak quickly."

"Anyway, forget about it." Inala waved his hand and stared at the duo of Gannala and Asaeya, "Have you had dinner?"

"I'll cook up something. Give me a few minutes." Inala said upon seeing them shake their heads. He entered the kitchen and casually took advantage of Lurt's data to make a competent spread.

The trio had dinner while discussing a lot of things. Soon, it was time to leave; Inala grabbed a bundle of fabric he wanted and stared at Asaeya, "I'll leave it to you to guide Wittral."

"Don't worry and do your thing," Asaeya said.

"How are the Zingers behaving?" Inala asked Gannala next.

"Obedient, for now." Gannala nodded, "But they are starting to get hungry. I still have enough resources for the time being, since my biomes are mostly self-sufficient. But both I and the Zingers are growing. So, we'll be needing external replenishment soon."

"How long can you manage on your own?" Inala asked.

"Three months," Gannala said, "After that, I'll have to actively reveal myself in the Northern Lakes to gather resources for my needs."

"Three months," Inala nodded, "That's more than enough to improve my Subtle Terrain Domination to the necessary level."

"We'll begin laying down the underground network after that." Inala said, hugged the duo, and left, "Orakha is already here. The others will begin appearing soon. No matter what, hide yourselves and be safe."

"We will, Dad." Gannala nodded.

"You be careful too." Asaeya stared at him in worry, speaking as she observed his eyes for a moment to comment, "The influence in you is growing stronger. Are you consuming the Influence Easing Elixir?"

"I have already consumed one for each Nature." Inala smiled, "It can't be helped beyond that."

"Stay sane, Inala," Asaeya said as she watched him leave.

"If only things were simple, Dad wouldn't have to risk himself to such an extent," Gannala muttered in a sombre tone.

"Gannala," Asaeya uttered coldly, "You're the Supreme Tusk's successor, right?"

"Yes, undoubtedly." Gannala nodded.

"All its life, the Supreme Tusk fled from the Boar King. To reach the Mystic Grade, it created the seven Mystic Paths." Asaeya analysed, asking in the end, "Then, what about its other objective?"

"Did it devise any plans to kill the Boar King other than leave everything in the hands of Inala and the other six?"



"Hmm…I don't know." Gannala closed her eyes and frowned, "There's still a significant portion of my inheritance that I have yet to comprehend. As the Supreme Tusk's successor, my mind space is exceedingly developed. I can store a volume of inheritance multiple times the other Empyrean Tusks. But my comprehension rate is on the level of an average Empyrean Tusk."

She smiled wryly, "Had my comprehension rate been on par with the Supreme Tusk, I would have finished comprehending the entirety of my inheritance long ago."

"So, did the Supreme Tusk have a plan?" Asaeya asked.

"I don't know," Gannala shook her head, "I have to look further into my inheritance."

"Then do that." Asaeya grumbled, "At present, Inala bears all the burden. He has to take care of your growth, make preparations to face the Boar King, keep guard against his Mystic Path competitors, rein in Wittral, and scheme to rope the Cooter Clan harder against the Boar King. It's too much for one man to bear."

"Then you do something." Gannala shot back, "It's easy to point fingers at others."

"Am I the Deity or you?" Asaeya asked, annoyed, "You're born with the means to make a difference in the grand scheme of things. So, you need to be more proactive."

"In terms of mental maturity, you're already older than me." She made eye contact with Gannala, "So, why don't you think of plans to help him? You've been reading his mind nonstop all along, right?"

"Fine, I'll do it," Gannala grumbled in anger. She then stared at Asaeya, "What are you planning then?"

"Same old," Asaeya let out a smile as she brutally ripped out her left eyeball and crushed it while the sensory nerves were still connected. Ignoring the dripping blood, she revealed a grin in pain as Prana surged to the wound and regenerated the organ, "I'll charge it up as much as I can until the eventual discharge."

Tertiary Nature—Akashic Rupture!

Asaeya took parts of her Primary and Secondary Natures to begin developing her Tertiary Nature, living in the necessary extreme state to eventually build her Tertiary Nature.

Her Primary Nature steals the target's senses in response to losing her own. Her Secondary Nature transfers the recoil to another individual.

Her Tertiary Nature of Akashic Rupture creates a record of all the pain and suffering that Asaeya had been through and becomes armed with that information, gradually developing itself into a Nature. And when she had accumulated enough, Asaeya would consume her life to activate the Tertiary Nature.

When done so, all the records of pain would latch onto the target's Spirit Container and make them experience her pain in a loop. But the rate of time flow for unleashing this pain was one-to-one. Meaning, if Asaeya were to mutilate her eye at a particular point in the afternoon, then the target would experience the same pain only for that duration in the afternoon.

And if she had been gearing the ability for a decade, then the pain delivery looped once a decade. Therefore, the only way to ensure the target lived as much in pain as possible was to constantly mutilate herself.

Thereby, once transferred, the target's life would truly be in hell.

"Dad wouldn't like you doing that." Gannala cursed in response, "Of everything you could have chosen, why did you develop such a suicidal Nature?"

"Five seconds," Asaeya said, "That's how long I'll be able to steal the Boar King's eyesight using all my Prana. "If I were to target five of his senses, then the duration falls to one second."

"And this is for a single body. He could easily swap to another body without issues. Thereby, to theoretically rob him of all his senses stably for at least a few seconds, I would have to prepare at least ten Gold Grade Pranic Beasts on the level of Millingers to assist my Secondary Nature." She said, "That's not realistic. And Gold Grade strength is vital in stopping him. So, there's only one way."

"I'll sacrifice myself and ensure that no matter how many bodies the Boar King switches to, he'll always be subjected to pain, since my Akashic Rupture will code itself into his Spirit Container and feed into the very essence of his Prana." She said, "That's the only way in which someone ordinary like me can support Inala."

"But of course," She laughed, "I won't kill myself until I can at least live with Inala as a family for a few years."

"You know him best," Gannala cursed at Asaeya, "Dad would rather risk everything than put you in danger."

"I know, but why should he alone have that privilege?" Asaeya retorted, "I love him, and I'll do anything to support him."

She then smiled in peace, "If my death can give him an easier life, I'll gladly sacrifice myself."



Chapter 406 The Tea House Opens

Once he left Asaeya's house, Inala focused on his sense of fear, determining the Boar King's position. 'Good, he's leaving the Brimgan Empire.'

The past few days, the Boar King was constantly entering and leaving the Brimgan Empire. Inala kept track of his movements all along and recorded them in a Bone Slip, making a map of the places he visited the most.

Among the places, there was a secluded location in Fentan City that he always visited. Secluded wasn't the correct word, as once Inala correlated the data with Fentan City's layout, he determined that the location was situated on a street similar to Akahah Street, a place for the wealthy.

Exactly from his tea house, this location was around two kilometres away. It was scarily close. Of course, as long as he remained in his female form, Inala didn't have to fear the Boar King.

He quickly changed his clothes while assuming his female form and made a beeline towards the location, intending to find out the reason. By now, he had a feeling that in preparation for his Ravaged Tribe, the Boar King was raising his family in the Brimgan Empire.

With the ring he made for Inala and Wittral, the Boar King could equip his children with the same and hide them as Free Humans.

Until now, Inala had been busy with establishing a foothold for himself in Fentan City. But with that accomplished, he could immediately jump onto the next task.

Through the brightly lit night street, Inala walked, covering his head with a hat as he soon reached the respective street. From afar, he gazed in the direction of the location frequented by the Boar King, noticing that it was a pretty massive estate, on par with Arlfarah Mansion.

Unless it was a stroke of luck, it wasn't possible to run into those living in the mansion. Inala hoped to have such luck, but even as he passed by its front gates, there was no sign of anyone in the vicinity except a pair of guards.

Varahan Mansion!

It seemed the estate's old name was removed and replaced with the current name. Just the name alone was an indicator of this being the Boar King's home. 'Indeed, it means his family is living here.'

'Too bad for now. But I can always make contact later.' Thinking as such, Inala continued to walk away, slowing down subtly upon seeing a carriage drive into the mansion. He focused on his ears, judging based on the sound that stuffed to the brim within the carriage was food, ranging from meat to vegetables.

There was a faint smell accompanying the carriage, which he detected, 'So much food?'

Unless the Boar King spawned children like a factory, there wouldn't be a necessity for so much food. Judging by the smell, they were mostly perishables. It meant the people in the Varahan Estate were planning to consume all that food in a day or two.

'Did he already manage to birth Empyrean Boars?' If that happened, then the food requirement wouldn't be unusual, 'But even for the Boar King, turning the Ravaged Tribe into a Clan wouldn't be this quick.'

The Boar King was the strongest existence in Sumatra and with his abilities, there was nothing he couldn't do. But there only existed two Clans on Sumatra Continent and their origin was unknown. Or even if the details about their creation existed, the Boar King wasn't aware of it.

Therefore, it would be impossible for the Boar King to create a Clan from scratch and succeed in such a short duration. He wasn't equipped with the Empyrean Extraction Skill like Inala that allowed the rapid accumulation of data from all walks of life.

The Boar King would have to experiment, similar to the Rockatrice and other Silver-Grade Pranic Beasts at the Sanrey Plains. 'But still, this is the Boar King. Anything is possible for him. So, I should keep an open mind while approaching this situation.'

Though, one thing was for sure. The Boar King hadn't succeeded in creating his Clan yet. Inala was assured of that one fact, since the pressure of fear he felt from the Boar King didn't change. If his Ravaged Tribe becomes a Clan, a change would erupt in his Prana, allowing his strength to climb up.

But currently, that hasn't happened. The level of fear Inala felt towards the Boar King through Internal Inertial Gravity was the same as usual. 'I should keep watch on this place.'

For a moment, Inala thought of casually striking up a conversation with the guards of a nearby mansion to coincidentally know what was happening in Varahan Mansion. But after a momentary consideration, he avoided that, feeling an eerie sensation of uneasiness.

That sense of eeriness emanated from the Varahan Mansion. Hence, without trying anything else, he returned to the Misty Flake Tea House after purchasing the necessary incense.

Morning, the next day, the Misty Flake Tea House announced its grand opening, revealing an establishment filled with splendour. Aromatic scents of tea wafted out of the open balconies and refreshed the minds of the passersby, drawing them into the establishment.

In a matter of hours, there was a decent number of people. The drinks served in the tea house faintly stirred up one's Prana, invigorating their bodies.

One of the expensive drinks, titled the Misty Flaked Tea became an instant hit, because it straight up acted like a diluted Elixir and added a unit of Prana to those that drank it. It was aromatic, refreshed the body, cleared up the mind, and relaxed the muscles.

But the best aspect of the Misty Flaked Tea wasn't its effects, but its price. It cost 12 Briga. Here was what made it an instant hit.

One Briga equalled eight Parute Fruits. And 12 Briga equalled 96 Parute. To gain a unit of Prana, one needs to consume 100 Parute Fruits. This means that the Misty Flaked Tea was not only a refreshing drink, but it was more efficient than consuming Parute Fruits.

The value for money was irresistible. Soon enough, customers came flocking thanks to word of mouth spreading around.

"Three Misty Flaked Tea coming right up," Inala announced with a chirpy voice and served using psychokinesis. This way, he was able to manage multiple floors.

The ground and first floor had a lot of cheap drinks meant for the masses. The second floor served the Misty Flaked Tea, their signature product. The third floor served premium versions of the same, creating a relaxing spot for the rich, being served with tea equivalent to Low-Grade Elixirs, capable of increasing one's Prana by eight to ten units.

There were board games conceptualised by Inala to play around. And finally, the fourth floor was a reserved space only for members. Basically, VIP customers of the tea house, served with cups and platters made out of Comets.

Grandiose carvings covered the walls, realistic, and capable of invoking one's emotion, as Inala went all out with his Imagination Art, happy to use it after the Empyrean Zingers worked to turn it into a Skill.

Most of the customers were present on the first and second floors. It would take a while before the tea house's reputation increases through word of mouth before the rich customers start to arrive.

But of course, Inala had the perfect individual to reach that customer base. He rushed to the entrance and stared at the duo of Maroppa and Orakha, greeting enthusiastically, "Welcome to the Misty Flake Tea House."

"Shall I escort you to the third floor?"



Chapter 407 Meeting Farloon Brimgan

"Okay, lead us there." Maroppa took the initiative to accept the invitation, subtly observing Inala's figure, 'Her demeanour is completely different from when she talked to me before. Even looking at her eyes, I can no longer see any traces of someone with more than three Natures.'

It meant that when necessary, Inala was able to completely suppress all traces of himself, a frightening conclusion to arrive at. It meant that the previous time they talked, Maroppa was only able to detect that he had more than three Natures precisely because Inala himself wanted to showcase it.

'He's one scary lunatic!' She tried her best to hide her thoughts and accompanied Orakha to the third floor, commenting in shock unanimously with Orakha, "Are these all Satellites?"

"Oh, you have a great eye for luxury, dear customer!" Inala praised them blatantly and pointed them to a large open cabin where they could have some level of privacy. Each cabin occupied 16 square metres in area, bordered by hip-high walls engraved with landscape carvings.

The table seemed to jut out of the floor, as if a geyser, realistically carved. As they took a seat on chairs similarly geyser-shaped, Orakha commented, "They look like marble, but somehow are soft."

"What is this material?" He stared at Inala to ask, not even realising that the woman before him was none other than Inala.

"It's a secret of our establishment." Inala smiled apologetically and then presented forth a menu card to the both of them, "We have a long list of items available here. Please take your time to order as many as you want."

"We'll start with these three then." Maroppa casually pointed to the topmost three items on the menu. She didn't know how any of them would taste, since all the names were foreign to her—unique dishes created by the Misty Flake Tea House.

"I'll bring them in a minute." Saying so, Inala left gracefully.

"This place is nice." Orakha commented as he peered outside and observed the large estates covering the place, "The view is pretty good too. How did you find out about this place?"

"Well, one of my employees usually passes by this place." Maroppa said, "They found out about this place's opening and told me. They said the owners of this establishment are pretty ambitious."

"Figures," Orakha nodded and observed the sheer number of wares made using Satellites present in the place. As he continued to observe, an aromatic scent wafted into his nostrils and sparked his appetite.

Inala brought in two tea cups and made the table, pouring in the contents for the first item.

Orakha had a sip and felt a gentle heat stir up in his stomach, causing his Mystic Bone Art to activate in response. He observed his Prana increase by two units, surprised once he glanced at the price for the drink, 'It's cheaper than if I used Parute Fruits for the same gain.'

By now, Maroppa too had come to the same conclusion. But upon knowing that the Tea House was run by Inala, she knew the truth, 'He used a Prana Bomb to brew this. That's how he can make such a refreshing drink.'

'But, what's your endgame here, Inala?' She was unable to find the answer. Soon, Inala brought in the second item and poured it into a new set of cups. Maroppa drank everything, complimenting in the end, "That was refreshing."

"We'll come by more often in the future."

"It's our pleasure to serve you." Inala bowed faintly as he received money and watched Maroppa and Orakha leave. Until the end, Orakha didn't even have a hint of suspicion, 'Yeah, he won't be a threat in my race to obtain the Attribute.'

Maroppa was pretty famous in the Spirit Weapon industry. And upon seeing her become a regular patron of the Misty Flake Tea House, many others from the industry paid a visit.

A month after the tea house was opened to the public, profits started pouring in at a decent rate, causing Wittral to be all smiles. "Business is booming."

"Do we hire a few staff?" He asked next.

"No, I can handle the crowd." Inala shook his head. Having a third party was a risk, as they could be used by the reincarnates to target him. Moreover, their presence would prevent Inala from moving as free as he did now.

"Tell me if it ever gets overwhelming," Wittral spoke in concern.

"It's fine, I'm happy working like this," Inala said, quietly biding his time as news of the tea house spread to the wealthy customers of Akahah Street. And finally, it garnered the interest of Arlfarah Mansion.

Forty days after the tea house was opened, Farloon Brimgan made his arrival, accompanied by his wife. They made a beeline to the fourth floor, reserving the entire floor in their name. Since he planned a visit, he already gathered all the details regarding the tea house from his servants.

"I heard good reviews about this place." Farloon Brimgan explained to his wife. "This entire establishment is run by a couple. Pretty amazing, right?"

"It is," His wife commented and stared at a flower vase in interest, "That's…made from a Comet."

She got up and touched the vase, confirming upon seeping her Prana into it, "This is indeed a Comet. How did they manage to shape it into a vase?"

"My husband made them." A lady's voice interrupted her, calm, pleasant to hear.

Farloon Brimgan's wife stared in the direction of the sound and was surprised, 'What a gorgeous woman!'

Her attention fell on Inala's thick, braided hair that reached her thigh, enamoured by its quality, "How do you maintain that?"

"Oh, this?" Inala smiled and pointed at his hair, "I'll write down my haircare routine. I created a couple of herbal pastes that can maintain my hair's strength and glossiness."

"We also have a drink that promotes hair growth." Inala took the chance to advertise upon seeing the lady's interest.

"Isn't that wonderful, dear…?" The lady looked at her husband to ask, only to see him stare at Inala with a strange, gaze, puzzled.

"You…" Farloon Brimgan observed Inala as the feeling of nostalgia stemmed strongly towards the latter, "Your name?"

"Amita." Inala made a curt introduction.

'Her demeanour is strikingly similar to him.' Farloon Brimgan thought and asked, "Do you know anyone by the name of…Fhoong?"

Seeing Inala's eyes widen in surprise at the name, Farloon Brimgan realised that the two were related. His gaze hardened a bit as he asked, "How are you related to him?"

"He's my grandfather." Inala smiled wryly, "But how do you know him, sir?"

"He hadn't been here for ages."

"Haha, I know him, of course. Who doesn't know him?" Farloon Brimgan chuckled and asked, "How is he?"

"He's dead," Inala said with a tone of sadness.

"I see," Farloon Brimgan sighed in melancholy as he nodded after a bit of thought, "I'm sorry about that."

"That's alright, sir. I'm just happy someone remembers him." Smiling widely, Inala walked away, making preparations for his orders.

"She's the granddaughter of Fhoong Brimgan?" Farloon Brimgan's wife asked in shock, "Are you sure about that?"

"Pretty much," Farloon Brimgan nodded, "They are strikingly similar. I can just feel it instinctively. I might have run into her before but didn't recognise her. That might explain why I felt pangs of nostalgia for the past few weeks."

"It seems she doesn't intend to make use of her identity." Farloon Brimgan's wife commented upon observing Inala, "But if Fhoong Brimgan's supporters come to know of her existence, they might rally behind her."

"What do you plan to do in that case?" She asked.

"Let's wait and see first." Farloon Brimgan revealed a faint smile, "If she has inherited Fhoong Brimgan's knowledge and shows sufficient talent, I'll adopt her as my daughter."

"At least, that way, our useless children will have a future as a Royal."



Chapter 408 Inala Triggers Yarsha Zahara

A luxurious carriage plied the road. Peering through its curtained window was a pregnant woman, one brimming with grace that came from authority.

Originally, she was the princess of a powerful Kingdom. But now, she was the sole wife of the strongest existence in Sumatra, all while still retaining her princess identity.

She was Brangara's wife, Yarsha Zahara. And even after arriving at the Brimgan Empire, she still lived a life of luxury, owning the Varahan Mansion. She was drowning in wealth. She didn't do any business, didn't fight for resources, and did nothing to gather finance.

Brangara prevented her from distracting herself on such minor issues and made her focus solely on the creation of his Clan. Whenever Brangara arrived at the Brimgan Empire, he sold a bunch of exotic products of Pranic Beast body parts and precious gems only found tens of thousands of kilometres away from the Empire.

That alone was enough to amass a significant wealth, allowing Yarsha Zahara to spend carefreely. Using the exotic products, she made connections with the upper echelon of the Empire and gained precious information through them.

One of them was cultivation techniques. Currently, Yarsha Zahara was the Director of the Fentan Institute of Cultivation Techniques and Human Avatars Research—FICTHAR for short. By becoming a Director there, she gained access to a large library of cultivation techniques, those that she applied to perfect her own.

She published a bunch of research papers that landed her the role and continued to improve her prestige in the community. Her research alone improved quite a few cultivation techniques. Hence, she became a valued member of the Brimgan Empire's intellectual community.

"What did you say her name was?" She peered out of the window and asked casually, addressing the other individual seated near her.

"Amita," The one speaking to her was Brangara, the Boar King. "She's similar to you."

"Similar to me?" Yarsha Zahara raised an eyebrow as Prana casually condensed into a tiny humanoid and performed an elaborate dance, "Has she expressed anything similar to this?"

"Well, she didn't exactly have Prana when I met her." Brangara scratched his cheek and smiled wryly, "But she's immensely talented."

"Are you interested in her?" Yarsha's lips curled up to present a gentle smile but her eyes curled up even further.

"No way, why would I be interested in a married woman?" The Boar King spoke with a hint of nervousness, "I just brought her up when you claimed to be the sole supreme existence among Free Humans."

"Besides, she's no longer a Free Human now." Brangara explained hurriedly, "She became a Cooter Clansman thanks to my help."

"Did you feel it was a waste that she became a Cooter Clansman?" Yarsha Zahara pressed on slightly, "Did you? Or did you not?"

"I was busy beating up the Empyrean Snappers back then. So, I can't remember, ahahaha!" The Boar King laughed awkwardly, 'This is why I roam outside all along. It's hard to deal with her.'

Ever since Yarsha Zahara reached the Body Stage and successfully fused a single piece of Sumatra Gold in her Human Avatar, she became increasingly scarier. After all, though lacking, her cultivation technique allowed her to control and wield the power of Sumatra Gold.

And being able to fuse with a single piece of Sumatra Gold was a direct statement of the fact that her cultivation technique was working. The direct result of it was the creation of her Primary Nature.

As long as she improves her cultivation technique in the future, she will be able to further build her Human Avatar with more pieces of Sumatra Gold. The day she completes her Mystic Grade cultivation technique is the day when she reaches the peak of the Body Stage.

That day would be the arrival of the strongest existence Sumatra Continent had ever produced. Yarsha Zahara would be stronger than even the Boar King.

Unless the Boar King stacks Mystic Grade Natures in his Astral Chart, he wouldn't be her opponent. As both he and Yarsha Zahara were aware of that fact, it only served to boost her confidence. After all, that was what she claimed at their first encounter.

The children she births would inherit her superior talents and would stand head and shoulders above the rest. For the past few years, the Boar King indeed observed his kids expressing spectacular qualities despite being part of a Ravaged Tribe.

Moreover, for someone starved for familial presence, the Boar King had a soft spot for Yarsha Zahara and his children. That resulted in the current state of things where someone could successfully nag at him for hours and not face the slightest consequence.

"Is that so?" Yarsha Zahara watched the carriage arrive at a halt before the Misty Flake Tea House, "I'll check her out for myself."

"This is where she's living?"

"That should be the case." The Boar King nodded as three grains revolved on his palm and pointed towards the tea house, "I can detect the presence of the both of them inside."

"Let's go, then…" Yarsha Zahara said and was just about to alight from the carriage when she grabbed the curtain of the window and clenched it hard, able to feel a rather special existence in her vicinity, 'What is this?'

Her Human Avatar reacted to the existence, the first time this had happened, shocking her. Yarsha peered out stealthily and observed a long-haired woman see off Farloon Brimgan and his wife. She was able to identify the two, having interacted with them in the past.

"That is Amita?" She muttered solemnly.

"Yes," The Boar King nodded and looked at her face in interest, "So, what's your opinion of her?"

"She's special, just like me." Yarsha Zahara calmed herself and alighted from the carriage, holding the Boar King's hand as they approached the Misty Flake Tea House.

"Ah!" Inala let out a shout in surprise upon seeing the Boar King accompanied by a pregnant Yarsha Zahara, 'How the fuck did this happen?'

He hurriedly calmed himself and made a formal bow, "Welcome to the Misty Flake Tea House."

"I'll guide you to our VIP section." Saying so, Inala brought the duo to the fourth floor and seated them there.

Upon staring at the items made using Comets, the Boar King laughed, "Who made these? You or Wittral?"

"I made the design, he carved them." Inala said with a respectful tone, "I'm not yet skilled enough to create such perfect products."



"Ah!" Upon feeling two terrifying presences enter the fourth floor, Wittral hurriedly descended from the kitchen on the fifth floor and exclaimed in surprise upon seeing the Boar King.

"Puhahaha!" The Boar King laughed upon seeing a forest of hair covering Wittral's head, not to mention the thin moustache he sported, "What the heck is this?"

"It's a wig…" Wittral said in embarrassment and lifted the forest of hair, revealing a shiny bald head, frowning upon seeing the Boar King laugh harder in response.

"Man, he's hilarious." The Boar King patted his thigh and continued to laugh. He then stared at Yarsha Zahara and said, "You know, Wittral is the only one that dared challenge me despite knowing who I am."

"You…are brave." Yarsha Zahara stared at Wittral in shock, awed by the latter's stupidity, "Are you that happy to be beaten up?"

"You shouldn't talk shit without knowing who he is." Inala calmly set two cups on the table and addressed Yarsha Zahara, his tone chiding.

"That so?" Yarsha Zahara sipped her tea as her eyes became cold, "Am I supposed to care?"

"If you have the capability to." Inala retorted as the two glared at each other.



Chapter 409 Have To Kill Yarsha Zahara

"Sir, would you like to start with our speciality?" Inala sported a wide smile and stared at the Boar King, "We have developed a lot of specialities thanks to your grace."

"Bring out your best." The Boar King said and watched Inala happily walk away. He then stared at Wittral who bowed in response and returned to the kitchen to prepare the drink.

Once the two had gone, Yarsha and the Boar King were the only people on the fourth floor. He commented upon seeing her foul mood, "Instant dislike, huh?"

"She's damn arrogant, that woman!" Yarsha clicked her tongue.

"Well, Wittral is very strong, you see. So, she got angry when you treated him as if he was an ant." The Boar King laughed, "He's only an ant before me. Towards any other expert on Sumatra, he's a terrifying opponent."

"He's the strongest Empyrean Snapper after all."

"He is?" Yarsha Zahara grunted in annoyance. Emotional bias aside, she could objectively perceive his strength, nodding in response, "Yeah, his presence is the second strongest that I've felt to date."

"See?" The Boar King laughed, "Besides, Wittral has never claimed to defeat me. He knows the difference in strength between us. He simply wanted to fight me."

"Fine, I was wrong there." Yarsha Zahara sighed, "I became irritated upon sensing Amita's presence. She exudes a similar vibe to my own."

Yarsha Zahara had fused with a single Sumatra Gold. Similarly, Inala was in the process of assimilating three pieces of Sumatra Gold in his skeleton and making them influence his Spirit Container.

Her Human Avatar reacted upon feeling the Sumatra Gold in Inala. Her cultivation technique was merely empirical, containing countless faults. So, Yarsha Zahara wasn't able to understand exactly why she felt this way.

Had her cultivation technique been perfect, she could have sensed what Inala was doing with the three pieces of Sumatra Gold in his body.

But without that knowledge, she misunderstood the reason to be their similar births. Yarsha Zahara was born with 99 Prana, the highest among Free Humans. To date, that was her pride, as she stood head and shoulders above Free Humans.

When the Boar King talked about Amita, she became pissed in response. After all, unlike her, Amita was born with the maximum possible Prana as a Free Human. It meant that Amita's potential surpassed even hers.

And that didn't sit well with her, which is why she lashed out. Originally, she assumed Amita would be meek upon finding out that she was the Boar King's wife. But in contrast, Amita retorted her statement without hesitation.

That was the exact same display of arrogance that Yarsha Zahara had since the beginning, arrogant because of the sheer talent she possessed. And now, she saw Amita displaying the same level of arrogance.

"She's pretty pitiful, you see." The Boar King interjected her thoughts, "She was caged since birth, forced to learn from a Mudropper against her wishes, and finally, all her accumulations were stolen by Loot."

"If not for me, both of them would have led pitiful lives." The Boar King sighed, "A genius Free Human, and the strongest Empyrean Snapper, both plunged into despair by Loot. They managed to recover only because of me. Which is why,"

He smirked, "They respect me so much."

"Can't you stop boasting for at least a moment?" Yarsha Zahara groaned, "I know you are the most awesome existence to ever grace Sumatra. Everyone cannot help but worship you."

"I am awesome, but I'm not sure about that last part." The Boar King shrugged, "Humans and Pranic Beasts alike fear me. The weaker ones straight up go insane in my presence. So, I can't imagine there being existences that worship me…"

"There are," Inala said upon arriving on the floor, carrying a large tray of drinks through psychokinesis. He set the table and presented a drink to the Boar King, "Whether it be in societies of Humans or Pranic Beasts, there are countless that worship you, sir."

"Are you serious?" The Boar King was surprised, "They worship me, why?"

"That sounds absurd." Yarsha commented from the side, "What are they worshipping about?"

"You needn't flaunt your ignorance, ma'am." Inala clicked his tongue at her and then stared at the Boar King to continue speaking, "Protector of Sumatra, the Deity of Land, the Destroyer of Everything, these are just some of the ones I've heard about."

Inala said, "Depending on the nature of their community, they worship one for of you, for comfort, for strength, and for solace. When you're weak, you need mental support, which is why all strong beings have worshippers among the masses."

"Have you seen them?" The Boar King asked, interested, "I've never known about it until now."

"You're too strong to care about others while the worshippers are too weak to survive your presence. It is obvious you hadn't encountered them before." Inala nodded and tapped the table, "There is a small faction worshipping you in the Brimgan Empire too."

"As the Empire dislikes its people worshipping anyone not a Free Human, they constantly raid such groups and demolish them. So, these groups would be a minority." He asked, "Do you want me to find their whereabouts?"

"Hmm, I'll tell you later." The Boar King nodded and then asked, "Who else are worshipped?"

"Empyrean Snappers, Empyrean Tusks, and Mystic Empyrean Tentacles." Inala said, "That's the major worshipping groups. There are other groups, but they are mostly localised and small in number."

After spending a couple of hours at the place, the duo of Yarsha Zahara and the Boar King left. Sparks flickered every time Inala and Yarsha Zahara interacted but the Boar King never interfered with their squabble. Rather, he happily enjoyed the commotion, feeling that there was finally someone who could keep his wife in check.

Inala stood at the entrance as he watched their carriage leave. He then turned around and sported the same smile as usual, returning to the fifth floor as he spoke to Wittral, "Can you handle things here for a bit?"

"Sure," Wittral nodded as he exited the kitchen, "I prepared enough drinks for the evening. Get some rest."

"Okay," Inala nodded and entered his room, slumping on his bed as his gaze was vacant. A couple of minutes later, he cursed, "Fuck! How did this happen?"

In Sumatra Chronicles, the Boar King ends up destroying the Zahara Kingdom. Leading to escape with a small group of people is Yarsha Zahara. During the journey, she ends up losing all her followers to the Pranic Beast attacks, ending up alone.

Eventually, she ends up creating the means to build a Secondary Nature in the Human Avatars of Free Humans, as a result paving the way to the rise of human civilisation.

During the journey, she chances upon Resha and falls in love with him as they both possess similar hatred towards the Boar King. She ends up disappearing at the end of the Third Major Disaster, pregnant with Resha's child, never to make an appearance until the end.

She was a pivotal character and honestly a terrifying genius. Inala based his Amita character on Yarsha, making the correlation that since the Boar King ends up destroying the Zahara Kingdom at the same time, he might have seen such a Free Human.

But after falling prey to Inala's trap at the Sanrey Plains, the Boar King thought of making his Ravaged Tribe. Hence, he visited the Zahara Kingdom, not to destroy it but to find his bride there.

As a result, the most important character pivotal in Resha obtaining the Major Treasure of Weapon now became the Boar King's wife. Honestly, the prospects of this relationship were terrifying.

'No matter what, she must die!' Inala thought with a sense of urgency, 'Through her, the Boar King will obtain a Clan stronger than the Mammoth Clan. And she is stronger than her version from Sumatra Chronicles.'

"Shit!"



Chapter 410 Bonkers Powerful

In Sumatra Chronicles, Yarsha Zahara begins building her Human Avatar only after fleeing the Zahara Kingdom. As a result, she selects the most commonly available Silver Grade mineral. But thanks to her genetic gifts, she ends up upgrading the mineral, similar to the Brimgan Empire creating the Gold Grade mineral—Rutham—from the Iron Grade mineral—Kirenal.

Over time, she upgrades her strength and chances upon Resha. In Sumatra Chronicles, that was the most fun as two women—Yarsha Zahara and Yahira—fought for Resha's attention. And obviously, due to Yarsha's attempts, Resha ended up getting stabbed multiple times by Yahira.

But now, things have changed tremendously. Normally, Inala would have controlled himself, no matter how shocked he was by the fact that Yarsha was pregnant with the Boar King's child.

That was until he instinctively felt that the mineral used by Yarsha Zahara to build her Human Avatar was none other than Sumatra Gold.

"That is just absurd!"

Sumatra Gold was the surefire way to reach the Mystic Grade. Inala knew that for a fact now. Three pieces of Sumatra Gold were more than enough for him to complete his path to the Mystic Grade.

Honestly, even one was enough. But Inala used the remaining two to further strengthen and enhance the capabilities of the Primary and Secondary Natures that he would be obtaining post-evolution.

Then what of Yarsha Zahara? She was building a Human Avatar out of Sumatra Gold. If she manages to complete it and reach the peak of the Body Stage, then Inala could forget about killing the Boar King.

'She'll become an absurd existence on par with the Boar King.' Inala became worried. Had anyone else become the Boar King's wife, he wouldn't have been concerned in the slightest. But with her being Yarsha Zahara was terrifying.

Not only was she one of the smartest individuals introduced in Sumatra Chronicles, but she was also a revolutionary who ended up strengthening Free Humans on her own. This all happened while she fled for survival after her home was destroyed and faced treacherous nights at the Mammoth Clan thanks to Yahira.

'If she begins investigating Loot, things will collapse.' This too added to his worries. In terms of schemes, he didn't have confidence in being able to outwit Yarsha Zahara. It was why he constantly triggered her during their meet so that she would gloss over whatever the Boar King told her in irritation.

She was irritated by Amita's existence and wouldn't wish to know more about the latter, since that would only feed her irritation. That was why Inala acted as such towards her.

Otherwise, once she feels either puzzlement or interest towards Inala, she would ask around for more details from the Boar King. And once she begins to investigate, it is just a matter of time before she figures out the truth.

She wasn't called by the readers the Heroine of Sumatra Chronicles for no reason. Prana behaved subserviently towards her, behaving to serve all her thoughts. The level of control she had towards Prana was unprecedented, allowing her to unleash effects on par with Iron Grade Natures through her Prana control alone.

And that existence now became part of the Boar King's family, "This is a fusion of powerhouses."

After some thought, Inala took on his male form and detected the Boar King's position, 'He's still at his house.'

"Dammit!" The feeling of frustration started to well up in him as Inala became worried. Originally, he was still confident enough in using Loot to keep the Boar King on the move. But the moment Yarsha Zahara comes into the picture, she'll be able to dissect all schemes and ensure the Boar King won't waste his time running all over Sumatra Continent.

'This isn't something I can handle alone.' The figure of Orakha came to his mind, 'With his Mystic Eaters, we can cripple Yarsha Zahara's Human Avatar. But we need to be careful. The Boar King would have equipped her with powerful defensive measures and maybe even Minor Treasures.'

Inala condensed a Prana Bomb and transformed it into a Bone Slip, recording a bunch of details in it. He ensured that all details in it would be erased upon being accessed once. But after a moment of thought, he added in a layer of restriction, making it such that only upon receiving Orakha's Prana would it reveal its information.

If anyone else tried to access it, the information in it would be destroyed automatically. This is to guard against the Boar King, since he knew Mystic Bone Art. Considering how Yarsha Zahara created a technique capable of using Sumatra Gold, she obviously must have taken inspiration from both Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art.

Once the Bone Slip was ready, Inala used Mystic Bone Art and a bunch of Skills to ensure it wouldn't be possible to trace it back to him through it. There were no traces of himself in it.

He didn't leave the tea house and simply closed his eyes to rest his weary mind. He was too emotionally disturbed to see Yarsha Zahara, 'She's why I felt creeped out by Varahan Mansion.'

As night approached, Inala changed dress in his female form, having freshened up. He began serving the customers and smiled in relief to see Maroppa arrive later, "Welcome!"

Maroppa visited daily due to the deal between the two of them. Inala would help her obtain a Secondary Nature while she would supply her Prana—generated after activating her Primary Nature—to Inala.

"Fuoh!" Taking a seat in an empty section on the third floor, Inala gave his hand to Maroppa, watching her seep her Prana into him. As the foreign Prana flowed into his bloodstream, his Prana intended to reject it and eject it from his body.

Before that happened, he used Mystic Bone Art and guided it to his stomach, from which he seeped it into the three pieces of Sumatra Gold, causing them to assimilate into his bones better. Alternating between Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art, Inala had long since merged the three pieces of Sumatra Gold in his skeleton.

And now, using Maroppa's Prana, he was only causing them to fuse into his bones, so that his Sumatra Gold Skeleton would be complete.

"I'm exhausted." Maroppa sighed after a few minutes, drained of all Prana. She jugged the drink nearby and watched it recover her Prana, "Bring me more of this."

"You want to eat something instead of just drinking like this?" Inala asked once the process was done as he clenched his hand into a fist and observed some changes.

"You'll cook for me?" Maroppa asked in surprise.

"It's a service, thanks to your help." Inala smiled and placed the Bone Slip before her, "Give it to Orakha. It's of utmost importance."

"Did something happen?" Maroppa asked, "You can tell me, since if Orakha will be involved in it, then it means it's something of my concern too."

"Well…" A couple seconds later, Inala sighed, "Do you remember talking about Sumatra Gold to me at the Sanrey Plains?"

"Yeah," Maroppa nodded, "Doesn't all your knowledge regarding it come from me?"

"Yes, but today, I saw something terrifying." Saying so, Inala used Mystic Mist Art to turn Maroppa's drink into a Water Slip. "Drink it, and you'll know."

Maroppa drank the Water Slip, observing a stream of information enter her mind once she digested it, muttering in shock, "Is that woman for real?"

"Yes," Inala sighed, "Absurd, right?"

"Absurd?" Maroppa glared at Inala, "She'll be bonkers powerful once she succeeds."

"You must brace yourself," She concluded, her tone one of pity, "The Mammoth Clan is fucked."



