Chapter 81 The Queen’s Arrival

Running across a mountain peak, rushing between the Baobab trees was the Zinger King, keeping pace with the 44th Empyrean Tusk. It was mentally counting the time required for the Zinger Queen egg to hatch, anxious all along.

There were no Mammoth Clansmen near Inala's house. It had already inspected the house completely, detecting no signs of anyone living there. Therefore, as long as it watched the house's entrance, it could detect if any Mammoth Clansman approached it.

The Zinger King leaped from a mountain edge and glided towards the next mountain, keeping steady and aerodynamic to ensure it didn't lose much altitude. After crossing over a kilometre in distance, it barely lost a hundred metres.

Landing on the cliff, it climbed over the hundred metres in a hurry and reached the peak. Following that, it began to sprint through the forest on the peak, closing the gap between it and the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

The Zinger King had the most important job of overseeing the hatching of the Zinger Queen. Moreover, it commanded the entire army of Zingers. With every second that ticked, it became more and more tense, for time was almost up.

But even now, it couldn't feel the hatching queen's aura. A sense of uneasiness flowed into its mind, making it unsettled. Soon, the hatching time was up, but there was no sign of the queen's presence.

A minute passed, followed by another, but there was still nothing. By now, the Zinger King realised that something had happened. In worry, it leaped across the cliff and glided towards the 44th Empyrean Tusk, trailing towards it from its back.

Making an extended arc, it evaded the range of the shockwaves generated by the slapping tail and landed on the roof of Inala's house, peering inside, "Kuu?"

"KHAAAAAA!"

The Zinger King roared in anger upon seeing a Mud Viper in the living room, sporting a bulging body, with the bulge shaped like an egg. The Mud Viper was asleep, intending to digest its gains, coiled peacefully.

At the sight of its detestable appearance, the Zinger King raged and leaped inside the living room. With a swipe of its claws, the Mud Viper was shredded into bits.

"Kuuuu!" The Zinger King hurriedly peeled off the Mud Viper's stomach piece, lifting the egg out of it, despairing. But the moment its claws came into contact with the egg, its lifeforce was sucked into it.

"Krahh!" The Zinger King shrieked in pain, but a moment later, it calmed down, relieved that its lifeforce was being sucked into the egg. That at least meant the egg wasn't destroyed. But aware that if the egg sucked anymore of its lifeforce, it wouldn't hatch, the Zinger King decisively severed its hand.

The egg dropped on the floor as the blood coating it slithered down. Only now did the Zinger King observe the difference. The eggshell's texture was different from its memories, resembling an Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton instead.

The size too was different. It was a tad larger. And lastly, it didn't absorb any lifeforce from the floor—the Empyrean Tusk's lifeforce. The Zinger King was confused, wondering if the Mud Viper's interference had messed up everything.

As it was deep in worry, the egg on the floor shot up suddenly, catching it off guard. It slammed into the Zinger King's chest and rapidly absorbed its lifeforce once again.

The Zinger King was flabbergasted, unable to understand why such a thing was happening. It thrashed about on the floor, letting out shrieks, calling out for help. Right at this moment, a second egg flew out from a nearby room and slammed into its head, absorbing its lifeforce from there too.

The head and the chest, two important areas had been targeted. The Zinger King couldn't rip them off like it did when the egg latched to its hand. It needed time to carefully cut off the tough fur on the chest region, and even more for the head region. A mistake and the organs within might come in contact with the egg, opening the gateway to its death.

But, time was the last resource in its arsenal as a third egg slammed into its face, masking its shrieks.

With three eggs absorbing its lifeforce, its body shrivelled up quickly, draining away all its strength. It stared at the ceiling, seeing its brethren gliding over, rushing towards its rescue. But at that moment, a ball of mud slammed into the broken ceiling and expanded, covering the hole before hardening up.

The Zinger King was stunned before turning its head weakly to stare at an old lady, hunched over, sporting bark-like skin. Her eyes were sunken and her expression was deranged. She used a bone stick as support to walk out from her hiding spot nearby.

Her presence was so weak that even when she stood before the Zinger King, it was unable to notice her. She was akin to an ant. Even ants had a stronger presence, which was why the Zinger King hadn't sensed her.

Clip! Clop!

The old lady who seemed well past her expiry date dragged herself to the Zinger King and stood before it. Her hunched form inched closer as she opened her mouth, one that transformed to reveal a jaw resembling a Zinger. No, it seemed superior.

The egg on the Zinger King's chest seemed full as it floated up and arrived before the old lady's mouth. She opened her jaw and crunched its ridiculously hard shell open casually, gulping down the contents within as if it were the most delicious Elixir in the world.

As the contents of the egg flowed down her throat, her appearance visibly changed. She seemed to have grown young by at least five decades, almost becoming middle-aged. Her hunched back became erect. Her body gained significant mass, becoming robust.

Luscious, dark-brown hair grew out of her head, reaching her hips, dense. Slowly, an air of arrogance permeated within the living room, originating from her.

The second egg flew up as she grabbed it and cracked it open, drinking its contents to grow further younger, reaching her prime, entering her late teens.

[Y-You…what are you?]

The Zinger King's voice resounded, filled with shock. The woman was able to understand its language as she revealed a confident smile, muttering softly, "Thank you."

The Zinger King too was able to understand her words, unable to comprehend what the heck was happening as it breathed its last, becoming a sack of dried bones, absorbed of all its lifeforce.

[How…do you have our Queen's aura?]

"I am one," The woman muttered as the Storage Lantern on her hip floated out and grew in size. Its top floor door opened as the third egg flew into it, "I'll save up this lifespan for emergencies."

The Storage Lantern reverted to its miniature size as the woman condensed Prana in her palms, creating two eggs, aging up in response, entering her late thirties. Her Prana surged into the two eggs and modified their shape, transforming them into a hand each.

"Phew, that was easy." Sighing in relief, the woman gasped, able to relax a little. Her body morphed immediately after. Her shoulders widened while her bones increased in size and density. Her reproductive organs shifted in gender as a few seconds later, a man stood in place, late thirties in age, sharing similarities with the woman.

It was Inala.



Chapter 82 Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Natures

Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

That was what Inala had become, a mutated variety of Zinger Royalty. Yes, royalty. His powers weren't limited to a Zinger Queen alone, for that would make him a swarm type with zero individual battle power.

His plans were consistent and after repeated refinement with Gannala's input, he pretty much obtained more than what he initially set out to achieve. The results spoke for themselves.

Primary Nature—Royalty!

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System!

He had read Sumatra Chronicles and was aware of the means to obtain a Nature. Fusing with a Pranic Beast would net a Primary Nature. But if the cultivator fused with a Mutated Pranic Beast, then they would also obtain a Secondary Nature.

And by subjecting themselves to an extreme environment, they could even obtain a Tertiary Nature. It was as simple as that only because he was aware of a lot of rules thanks to the omniscient perspective a reader experienced when reading a book.

He was aware of a lot of rules that the natives didn't even know existed. The result was him attaining all three Natures just as he entered the Body Stage.

Inala's three Natures had a synergetic effect on each other. Individually, the three Natures were strong, but that's it. They wouldn't give anyone an edge over others. But when combined, Inala even had the confidence to face the Boar King.

Of course, not at present. When he attains peak cultivation and has enough time to prepare, he'll be at a level necessary to wound the Boar King.

The Primary Nature of Royalty was as its name indicated. It contained traits of Zinger Royalty—King and Queen Zingers.

It was this trait that added the monicker of Empyrean to the name of his mutated version, increasing the Grade from Iron to Silver. It allowed Inala to transform into two forms: Empyrean Zinger King and Empyrean Zinger Queen!

By transforming into an Empyrean Zinger King, he'll have a robust body and could also use Prana Bombs. And when he became an Empyrean Zinger Queen, he could create Life Bombs, which was what he used against the Zinger King.

And as the absorbed lifeforce was from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the egg wouldn't form a queen. Thereby, when Inala consumed its contents, he absorbed the lifeforce stored in it, growing younger in response.

Creating a Life Egg consumed a decade's worth of lifespan, so they had to be used judiciously. Well, as long as he had enough prey, he could spam them.

This was the Primary Nature of Royalty's effect when he was an Empyrean Zinger. But when he activated it in his human form, he could change genders as a human, possessing both male and female versions.

This had a significant advantage—deception.

As a Mammoth Clansman, Inala would operate with his male identity. But for anything else, he'll use his female identity, thereby able to perform a lot of activities in secret.

Even if an identity becomes problematic, he could take refuge using the other identity in plain sight. By overcoming the gender restriction, Inala obtained an ability that allowed him to fluidly change his genders.

The change was fundamental, down to a genetic level. He could even give birth in his woman form. Of course, he had no intentions to do anything like that.

Following that was the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. This needn't be explained, for it was the Primary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk. This elevated his abilities to a whole other level. A casual Prana Bomb he chucks would possess weight in the hundreds of kilograms as long as he used his Secondary Nature to raise its density.

Now that he was no longer affected by the Fragment Disease, his body was robust and wouldn't collapse upon physical exertion like before. This was the reason that made the Zinger King helpless. As it lost its lifeforce, the three eggs on its body weighed it down, preventing it from getting up and regaining balance.

It was anchored to the ground and helplessly lost its life. Finally, there was the Tertiary Nature, his card to face the Boar King in the future.

The hole in the ceiling covered by a layer of mud shattered as two Zinger Scouts burst through, landing in the living room. Right as they entered, two Life Bombs slammed into them heavily. As their weight surpassed a hundred kilograms each, they packed a punch, shattering the bones of the two Zingers upon impact.

The two Zinger Scouts couldn't even let out a shriek as their necks were twisted by the attack. As they lay sprawled atop the Zinger King's corpse, the two eggs absorbed their Prana and hatched. Two baby Empyrean Zinger scouts walked out as they let out weak chirps.

They were hungry, gobbling the Zinger Scouts' flesh and blood. By the time they were full, their bodies had slightly grown in size.

Inala seeped his Prana into the two Empyrean Zinger Scouts, causing them to curl up and shrink in size, becoming nail-sized. He pocketed them, feeling a faint stream of Prana surge out of his body and seep into them, maintaining their well-being.

This was the Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System. It was his version of a Mammoth Clan.

A Zinger Queen didn't control the Zingers it birthed. All Zingers protected and obeyed it only for a transactional purpose, because only the eggs she created allowed them to increase their numbers and expand their colonies.

In contrast, as an Empyrean Zinger Queen, the eggs Inala creates would hatch into Empyrean Zingers that treat him no different to how Mammoth Clansmen treated an Empyrean Tusk—with Respect, Devotion, and Pride.

The Empyrean Zingers would become an army that charged at his command. Moreover, the Tertiary Nature allowed him to shrink their bodies and store them in his pocket. Of course, maintaining an army of them was a resource-intensive process. But he had plans geared in place for that.

Only the Life Bombs needing to birth a queen required him to use his lifespan. To birth normal Empyrean Zingers, he consumed the same amount of Prana as a Prana Bomb.

Of course, only the fluid within an unhatched Empyrean Zinger Queen egg would grant him lifespan upon consumption.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, Inala refined four eggs in total, transforming them into hands for his Puppetry Skill.

He named the hand refined through an Empyrean Zinger Queen egg as Life Hand. The hand refined using the Empyrean Zinger King's Prana Bomb was called Prana Hand. Two Life Hands and two Prana Hands, for a total of four, the limit of Spirit Weapons he could control through his Puppetry Skill.

'Let's see their effectiveness.' Thinking as such, Inala made a Life Hand touch one of the Zinger Scouts, watching it writhe in pain for a couple of seconds before dying. In response to the touch, a faint stream of lifeforce entered his body, adding to his lifespan, turning him a tad younger.

"The efficiency is barely a quarter as compared to its egg form, but it's easier to use this way," Inala muttered as he leaped to the side and rolled on the floor, watching two Prana Bombs slam into the floor.

An army of Zingers began to bombard his house.



Chapter 83 War Against the Zingers

"Give me at least a minute to feel good about my gains," Inala complained as he continued to roll on the floor, watching the ceiling shatter in multiple locations.

He sent a Life Hand flying forward and grabbed a Zinger Scout's neck, watching it writhe in pain.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The gravity within a Prana Hand increased sharply, making it heavier right before it made contact with a Zinger. There was a sharp increase in control difficulty due to the increased weight, but it was only for an instant, so Inala didn't feel the strain.

Right as the Prana Hand became heavy, it slammed into the Zinger's face, shattering the latter's skull. Immediately after that, it became light and retreated towards Inala.

A Prana Hand weighed around two kilograms in its base state. When Inala raised its weight through his Secondary Nature, it increased to around forty kilograms. But if he focused all his Secondary Nature's effect on one Prana Hand alone, then its weight would hit a hundred kilograms.

And when it travelled at a speed surpassing fifty metres per second, the resulting momentum was skull-shattering.

Moreover, upon contact, the Prana Hand absorbed the Zinger's Prana, alleviating some of his consumption burden. If not for him fleeing away nonstop, he would have taken his time to absorb Prana from his targets comfortably.

A Zinger Scout threw a Prana Bomb at him. Right as it approached his face, a Prana Hand swatted it to the side, stunning the attacker. After all, the Prana Bomb didn't attach to the hand. Moreover, when the Prana Hand grabbed it again, its Prana was stolen instead.

Prana Bombs don't stick to each other as their similar properties cancel out. As the Prana Hand was made from one, the Prana Bomb didn't stick to it. Moreover, the property of a Prana Bomb's absorption had a clear hierarchy due to their level.

The Zinger Scout was a Beginner Iron Grade Prana Beast. Meanwhile, his Empyrean Zinger was a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Therefore, the Prana absorption effect of his Prana Bomb vastly outclassed the former.

As a result, the Zinger Scout grunted in pain as its Prana was absorbed. Prana Bombs were the Zinger equivalent of Spirit Weapon. Therefore, through that connection, its Prana was siphoned out.

The Prana Hand held the Prana Bomb and flew away. It served as a portable battery for Inala as long as he remained within the Zinger Scout's Spirit Weapon range.

Walls shattered and the ceiling collapsed. Inala didn't even have the time to take a breather, constantly defending against the Zinger attacks. Prana Bombs flew at him through various patterns, actively controlled by the Zingers that threw them.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

His two Prana Hands and two Life Hands flashed around, slapping the Prana Bombs like a volleyball. As the hands were heavy, they weren't bothered by the Prana Bomb impacts, able to move in the direction he wished.

Inala leaped back into the living room, rolled on the floor, and turned into a female. She got up and threw a bunch of Life Bombs before reverting to her male form and making a run for it.

The Life Bombs slammed into the Zingers and absorbed their Prana, drying up most of the Zinger Scouts. The eggs hatched and Empyrean Zinger Scouts rushed out, using the little Prana they possessed to turn their bodies heavy.

All Empyrean Zingers he created possessed both his Primary and Secondary Natures. They were Mutatated Pranic Beasts after all. Unfortunately, as they weren't an Empyrean Zinger Queen, they couldn't take on a female form. As a result, they could only use Prana Bombs.

But as they didn't have enough Prana to unleash a Prana Bomb, they instead consumed what little Prana remained in their newborn bodies to increase their weight through Internal Inertial Gravity.

Using their heavy bodies, they latched onto the Zingers. Their claws dig through the Zinger fur with significant weight. In a matter of seconds, they were killed. But they did manage to wound their opponents in the meantime.

Moreover, they bought enough time for Inala to rush out of his house. He carried the withered Zinger King corpse and rushed towards the closest channel that was forty metres away.

The moment he exited the house, the attention of all Zingers in the vicinity fell on him. After all, he was rushing out of the place where the Zinger Queen's egg ought to have hatched. Therefore, they knew he was the cause behind the failure.

Prana Bombs slammed with enough force they began to damage Gannala's exoskeleton. She was in her final moments, and hence, her Primary Nature had already been retracted below the exoskeleton.

That was why the Zingers could this easily destroy his house which was pretty much made from Gannala's exoskeleton.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala turned himself as light as possible, allowing his legs to spring out as he jumped, making his figure leap a long distance. Right after he jumped and his feet left the ground, he hurriedly raised his weight to the limit.

Thereby, the momentum behind his leap increased exponentially. Even when the Prana Bombs slammed into the Zinger King corpse he was carrying, his leap arc wasn't affected. But as he didn't have the expertise, he wasn't perfect with the setup, hence only being able to cross ten metres.

'Resha could casually cross twice the distance at my cultivation.' Inala sighed, feeling the difference in talent between him and Resha in terms of battle. Inala indeed wasn't as talented in the art of fighting as compared to his peers and wasn't even worth mentioning before monsters like Resha.

It was only four jumps, barely taking ten seconds. But by the end, he was bloody, having tanked a few Prana Bombs directly. He fell face first on the floor and rolled into the channel entrance, saved from the Prana Bomb attacks, "I would have died if I fought any longer."

He had synergetic abilities, yes. But he had just obtained them. He didn't have enough experience to efficiently use them yet.

He was out of Prana due to the Prana Bombs attached to him. But when Inala placed a Prana Hand on the Prana Bomb, it absorbed Prana, allowing him to recover some of his lost reserves.

Soon, the Prana Bombs—latched onto him—fell off, empty. Inala had around twenty Prana left. He peeked from the entrance and shot out a Prana Hand, grabbing hold of a Zinger that was within reach, causing it to shriek in fluster.

"Come to me!" A second Prana Hand latched on it, preventing it from gliding as its body twitched from Prana loss. The two Prana Hands tugged it with force, slamming its body on the floor. It was barely alive as Inala attached a Life Hand to it, absorbing both its Prana and Lifeforce.

After targeting a couple more Zingers, his Prana reserves were full while in terms of age, he regressed to his actual age, a couple months away from hitting fifteen.

"I need to meet Oyo now." He muttered and sprinted through the channel, making his way to Granny Oyo's house. The thoughts he pushed to the back of his mind returned, worrying him, "If that baby is my child, can I bear to kill it?"



Chapter 84 Newborn Deity

"Can I bear to kill it?" Inala muttered as he sprinted through the channel, cursing in response immediately after, "Fuck no! Whether or not it's my child, I cannot kill a baby!"

The Boar King had a vengeance to fulfil against the Empyrean Tusks. In Sumatra Chronicles, it annihilated Resha's Mammoth Clan and killed all Empyrean Tusks.

The Boar King had a Nature of devouring and assimilating the natures of all his prey. As he had consumed enough Empyrean Tusks, he had their nature too. Meaning, the moment the newborn—Empyrean Tusk baby—lets out even the faintest of cries, the Boar King would sense her location.

And he will come here immediately. The hive-mind nature of an Empyrean Tusk allows it to pick up a newborn Empyrean Tusk's cries from far away.

The Boar King typically roamed in the Dieng Canyon's vicinity, gorging on its traffic. Towards the end of Sumatra Chronicles, after the herd crossed the Dieng Canyon once again, the Boar King attacked them.

Therefore, as he prowled around the region, he was well within the range to pick up the baby's cries. That meant doom for the herd. 'Even with endgame Resha, the herd wasn't equipped to deal with him.'

'What happened that night?' He thought in worry, 'Did Oyo somehow derive the method to birth baby Empyrean Tusks through the information she interrogated out of me? My hip bones were in the worst shape when I woke up the next day. Does that mean she slept with me to make the baby?'

He had a lot of questions but no answers. But whether or not he had the answer, Inala knew he couldn't bring himself to kill the baby. That would traumatise him for life. He didn't have a destructive tendency like Blola or Virala.

As long as the result wasn't too gory, he could kill Pranic Beasts. But that was it. He hadn't killed any humans. He was averse to the notion. The only way he could kill someone and not be traumatised was when they were scum and made him angry enough to warrant death.

But a baby was innocent, the purest of living beings. All mammals instinctively cared for and protected the young of their race, whether it be their offspring or not.

On Earth, one of his friends married and had a baby. He of course visited them to offer his congratulations. It was a formal visit. He wasn't even that close with that guy. But despite that, when he stared at his friend's son, he was overcome by a protective instinct.

That was genetically coded in everyone. And Inala didn't have the means to overcome that. 'Then, there's only one option.'

By the time he reached the end of the path, Inala firmed his mind, patting his Storage Lantern, 'I have enough Empyrean Tusk's tusk bone powder to build my body. I can survive away from the Settlement for a short duration.'

He planned to flee with the baby and live in a human kingdom for a few years, until the baby grew up enough for her cries to not broadcast her location to every single Empyrean Tusk in the region.

Since he knew the herd's travel route by heart, Inala could camp at a farther location and wait for the herd to pass through, returning to the Clan alongside the mature Empyrean Tusk.

But this was a last resort. As long as the baby doesn't cry, he wouldn't have to risk his life. 'Dammit, this isn't fair!'

Inala reached the end of the channel and he leaped out, using the Zinger King's corpse as a cover; he made a beeline towards Granny Oyo's house and kicked the door down, "Oyo!"

There was no sign of life in the house. He expanded his senses and tried to detect any other traces of Prana, failing to find any. 'If she's not here…'

He hurriedly recalled the information in Sumatra Chronicles, 'Right, she had an underground refinery.'

There was a channel entrance within the house itself; Inala rushed through it and arrived at a node, noticing multiple paths trailing from it. "Right, the one on the right extreme."

He quickly reached the end of the channel and banged on the door. It seemed sealed from the inside. Inala took a couple of steps back as his Prana Hand slammed forth, raising its weight to the limit, and bombarded the door.

It took him almost a minute to break through, entering the barren room inside to see a frail woman sprawled on the floor. She was weak, like a brittle tree branch. Blood covered the floor, having coagulated after extended exposure to air.

All the vials on the shelves were strewn haphazardly, their contents consumed in a hurry. The room was filled with a dense, bloody stench. Inala controlled his shock and noticed the twig-like woman on the floor.

"You…you're here." The woman was of course Granny Oyo. But unlike her overbearing powerful self from before, she barely had any strength in her. A glance at her and Inala knew that she was no longer a cultivator.

Held in her hands was a baby that seemed to have been birthed mere minutes before. Granny Oyo only had enough strength to cut the umbilical cord. She couldn't even clean up the blood covering the crying baby. Yes, crying.

"Uwaah! Uwa!"

At the baby's cries, Granny Oyo said in pride, "Never in my life did I think I would get the honour to birth an Empyrean Tusk. My hollow life finally feels fulfilled."

She stared at Inala weakly, her eyes tearing up, "I almost failed to deliver. Thankfully, I had enough cultivation to combust for the final nurturing of the baby. Hear her strong cries. She's born with a healthy body."

"How…long has she been crying for?" Inala asked, resigning himself to fate. He knew he was late. Despair set in him as he realised the Boar King would have heard her cries already.

"For a minute or two?" Granny Oyo said weakly as her eyes drooped. It seemed giving birth to an Empyrean Tusk took everything out of her. She was on the verge of death. After glancing at the baby, she motioned for Inala to pick her up, "I leave her in your care."

"Who…is the father…" Inala turned silent as he picked up the crying baby, his emotions a mixture of fury and sadness, 'I guess it doesn't matter.'

"I'm sorry for forcing myself on you," Granny Oyo said. Even though she seemed to be apologising, there was no hint of remorse in her eyes, "When I interrogated you that day, I despaired upon knowing my Deity's life was reaching its end. But I soon understood my purpose. It was to continue our Deity's existence and birth an Empyrean Tusk. My Mystic Bone Art reached its final level and allowed me to unearth information from my bloodline. I found out that we were compatible and our union would produce an Empyrean Tusk. So, I did it."

"You know what that means, right?" Inala stared at her coldly. "Despite facing death everywhere around us as Mammoth Clansmen, even we uphold some morals. But you…"

"A dead lady doesn't have to care about that. Whether you're angry or not is irrelevant. Punish my corpse all you want." Granny Oyo's face revealed a hollow smile as the light in her eyes died out, "I have a solid grasp of your character. No matter the process, since she's your daughter, I'm sure you'll give your everything to protect and nurture her. And as she grows up, she'll become the Clan's Deity."

"That's all I need."



Chapter 85 Gannala Falls

Granny Oyo was dead. Inala's eyes were red, not from sadness but from anger. Moments before she breathed her last, he used a combination of Prana Domination and Mystic Skill Creator to capture the traces of Prana in her body.

Using that, he jolted awake his erased memories, able to observe the entirety of the event that transpired that night, "Fucking Demoness!"

He raised his leg and activated his Secondary Nature in full swing, bringing his foot down with force to crush her skull into a paste. He then kicked the wall, bringing down the ceiling to bury her under the rubble. 'In the novel, her obsessive character was interesting to read about, enough to become a fan. But in real life, she's disgusting.'

His anger wasn't in the least satiated, but he had to put up with that. Time was running short as Inala rushed out of her house. His two Empyrean Zinger Scouts climbed over his head in their miniature forms as they observed the sky and communicated with him about the attacks, allowing him to react early.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

Through it, he could read their thoughts in real-time, just as Gannala did to him. This was no different from getting two more pairs of sensory organs, allowing him to be more aware of his surroundings. This would only increase in the future as more and more miniature Empyrean Zingers lived on him.

"Uwaa!" The baby in his arms continued to cry as he pulled out a piece of cloth from his Storage Lantern, using some of his reserve water to wipe the blood off the baby. She would die if she wasn't cleaned of the blood.

"Shut up!" He growled when the baby continued to cry. But a moment later, he mentally chided himself, 'She's innocent. Let's not display my anger towards Oyo on her. I haven't become blinded with rage yet.'

Inala rushed into the channel and made way to Instructor Mandu's house, barging in through the channel that connected directly to his living room. All masters had access to a personal channel. Instructor Mandu was no exception, saving Inala a lot of time and effort.

"Inala?" Instructor Mandu detected his Prana signature and stopped fighting outside, returning to the living room. "Wait, whose baby is that?"

"Mine, supposedly." Inala grumbled for a moment before stating in seriousness, "Sir, I need your protection. I need to go far away from the Settlement immediately."

"Where will you go?" Instructor Mandu motioned for his family to take shelter for the time being and treat their injuries. "We cannot survive outside the Settlement."

"Gannala will die any minute." Inala said and pointed at the baby, "And she's the successor."

"What nonsense…" Instructor Mandu intended to chide Inala for his nonsense. But a steady glance at the baby and his Mystic Bone Art flared up, urging him to protect her to the extent he almost lost his mind.

"I see…" By the time he came to his senses, Instructor Mandu was on the floor, prostrating towards the baby. He stared at Inala, determined to sacrifice his life, "Why do you need to run?"

"Her cries will lure the Boar King towards us. To avoid our annihilation, I must run away and direct his attention towards me." Inala stated in a hurry.

"You'll die!" Instructor Mandu said and stared at the baby reflexively, "As Mammoth Clansmen, it's my duty to die for the Empyrean Tusk. But we can't endanger her life."

"I have a plan. Trust me!" Inala said, "That's why Gannala left things in my hand."

Inala would have been more comfortable had Grehha been around. His Tertiary Nature of Empyrean Incubator would have been perfect to protect the baby and prevent her cries from alerting the Empyrean Tusks.

Moreover, the Empyrean Incubator's nature was nurturing towards the baby's well-being. As Inala accessed part of the memories he obtained from Gannala, he understood the primary reason Grehha was granted the Empyrean Incubator was for this very purpose.

But along the way to Instructor Mandu's house, he visited Grehha's house, staring at a heap of Mud Viper corpses. Grehha seemed to have disappeared. Therefore, Inala had to change his plans and approach Instructor Mandu instead.

"Gannala…as in the 44th Empyrean Tusk?" Instructor Mandu wondered how Inala was able to find out their Deity's name. But as the situation seemed urgent, he avoided wasting time with questions, "What do I need to do?"

"Please bring me to the tip of the trunk." Inala said as he rushed out, able to feel a faint sense of fear through his Secondary Nature, 'Shit! The Boar King's already on his way here.'

His Secondary Nature was an Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature, inherited from Gannala. The fact that it reacted with fear was a direct indicator of the Boar King's arrival. And the stronger the sense of fear stemming from it, the closer the Boar King had approached.

"Sir! We need to hurry!" Inala shouted.

"Everyone, follow me out. Protect Inala." Instructor Mandu said as his family formed a hexagon-shaped formation around Inala. Everyone was familiar with Inala since carved pretty much every single portrait in their house.

As their Mystic Bone Art reacted to Inala's daughter, they unhesitantly protected him.

"Inala!" Asaeya shouted upon seeing his group. Right as the First Major Disaster started, the guest room was destroyed. Protected by her four bodyguards, Asaeya fought her way towards Instructor Mandu's house, worried about Inala.

As she was from the 43rd Settlement, she couldn't enter the channel, for that would cause Gannala a rash immediately. It was too risky. The gravitational flux in the channels might even mistakenly kill her as they were flaring up all over the place, causing the buildings to collapse due to the Zinger attacks.

Hence, they had to fight their way on the surface, taking a lot of time. Upon seeing Inala rush out of Instructor Mandu's house, she was relieved.

"You're here." Inala felt assured by her presence, "Follow me. I'll explain things later."

"Okay!" Asaeya nodded and clapped once, causing two nearby Zingers to plummet to their deaths, having lost their sight. And with every clap from her, two Zingers lost balance.

'Grim Knell! She obtained it on time!' He felt a bit more assured now and could focus on the baby. The group would do their best to protect him. Inala seeped Prana from his palms that wrapped around the baby, hardening into an egg, beginning to comfort her.

He was protecting her by placing her within a Life Egg, expending his lifeforce in the process. As long as there was sufficient lifeforce in the egg, she would be safe and nurtured. Moreover, the fluid within was filled with the property of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Therefore, no matter how much he shakes up the egg, the baby within wouldn't even feel a thing.

"Your face!" Asaeya exclaimed upon seeing Inala age by four decades in a matter of seconds.

"Ignore it!" Inala said and increased his running speed, feeling the fear relayed by his Secondary Nature grow rapidly, 'He's closer now! Fuck!'

The group soon reached the head, now able to stare forward. But when they did so, everyone instinctively stopped, forgetting to breathe. After all, the world before them seemed to be tilting.

Thanks to Gannala's Primary Nature, they didn't notice it. But from a bird's eye point of view, it was clear. Her eyes closed shut as Gannala lost control of her body, leaning to the side before falling.

"Shit!" Inala cursed as the ground rapidly approached his face.



Chapter 86 Grehha Sabotages Yennda

An hour before the First Major Disaster began, a string of expletives exploded in Yennda's residence.

"You…you fucking bastard! You cheated me!" Yuza screeched in rage as she was tied to a cot, unable to move. Her stomach was bulging; she was pregnant, about to give birth. "I'll kill you! Bastard! BASTARD!"

Standing before her and calmly receiving her curses was Yennda. He double-checked to ensure Yuza couldn't struggle to break free, "Please don't try to move. Your bones would shatter from the exertion. I have injected you a lot of Mud Viper Tonic, but that doesn't mean your Fragment Disease is cured. The baby in you shouldn't be harmed."

"Is…that all you care about?" Yuza spoke in disbelief, "What about everything you told me until now? About us Death Row students having a future?"

"I didn't lie." Yennda said, "But when I talked about our future, I was only implying my own."

"You…" He stared at her stomach, "Your only goal is to birth the Empyrean Tusk."

Yennda was a coward, unwilling to take risks. Unlike the other reincarnates, he didn't have a strong base of schemes to enact or a plan to gather all the treasures and important plot points.

No, on day one, when the First Minor Crisis began, he observed the reincarnates. Everyone shone through the crisis, performing with their respective talents. Everyone but him.

Yennda ran to a corner and remained there, relying upon the shield formed by the students before him. They separated him from the Mud Vipers. And thankfully, by the time the Mud Vipers managed to reach him, the First Minor Crisis had ended.

He barely survived. That was a reality check, 'Neither on Earth, nor here. I'm no one special. In a story, I won't even become a side character.'

He was aware of his limits. On Earth, he was an office employee in the IT sector. Day in, and day out, he clocked in his cubicle. And when night arrived, he returned home and watched TV. His life was monotonous.

In terms of character, he was a dull individual. Merely four months after his marriage, his wife divorced him, taking his house with her in the process.

Reality was shit. And hence, he escaped to fantasy. Reading Sumatra Chronicles was his solace. He always dreamed of entering such a world where his blood would become fired up, a sharp contrast to his mundane, monotonous office life.

But that fantasy shattered when it became reality. When he arrived in Sumatra, he realised this place was no different from Earth. Rather, it was a multitude worse. He had the Fragment Disease, unable to even cultivate properly.

If he failed to contribute anything to the Clan, he would be chucked into a Pranic Beast's mouth. Yennda was terrified of that all along, experiencing nightmares almost daily.

During the journey to the Mammoth Fair, he almost lost his life to Resha, allowing him to gauge the sheer difference between himself and the others. He hoped to turn it around with the Roto Spear, his Spirit weapon invention.

But, things didn't proceed as he wished. The Clan pressured him daily, asking him to produce more than he could handle, threatening him with his death sentence. On earth, his superiors hounded him and here, it was no different.

Towards that, Yennda only had one thought: Fuck them!

He intended to dispose of his status as a Mammoth Clansman—where Clan's contribution took priority—and flee to a human empire. He was an engineer on Earth, having ample knowledge of gears, engines, circuits, etc.

He could rely on it and set up a shop in a human empire and comfortably make a living. No pressure from superiors, no need to risk his life fighting Pranic Beasts, and no need to worry about his future.

He planned to settle in a massive human empire that had stably survived for more than a millennium. Such empires possessed considerable strength and resources to handle any Pranic Beast invasion.

But as long as he had the identity of a Mammoth Clansman, he wouldn't be able to live beyond the settlement. After all, a Mammoth Clansman could only cultivate with the resources produced by an Empyrean Tusk.

Therefore, he intended to shed his identity. The only way to do that was to eradicate the imprint in his body. Of course, he didn't wish to become a regular human either, for that was a death sentence.

The strength of every human was dependent on their cultivation technique. There didn't exist a technique better than the Mystic Bone Art. If he cultivated a regular cultivation technique, he wouldn't even be able to enter the Body Stage.

Hence, Yennda wished to shed his Mammoth Clansman status without letting go of the Mystic Bone Art. And the key to it was an Empyrean Tusk.

Yennda managed to piece together one piece of information from Sumatra Chronicles: When a couple with the Fragment Disease copulate, the result is the birth of an Empyrean Tusk.

While in the womb, it resembled a human. Yennda had already confirmed that. Only after a significant time after birth would the baby become an Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, even though it was a Pranic Beast, it remained a human for some time.

That meant, as long as he fused with it while it was still in the womb, Yennda would become a human with the power of an Empyrean Tusk. He was assured of the fact that he would be able to cultivate like a human from the surface after that.

Yennda stared at Yuza's thinning body, "You don't have enough power to successfully give birth. So, it's perfect for my goal."

"Bas…tard!" Yuza intended to curse, but she no longer had the strength to do so. Her everything was being sucked into the forming baby.

Upon seeing that it was time, Yennda fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole, excitedly grinning as he placed a hand on her stomach, beginning to seep his Prana inside, "Thank you for your sacrifice, Yuza."

"Is that your plan, Yennda?" Suddenly, the door to his room burst open as Grehha sauntered in, calm. "That's somewhat disappointing."

"Why are you here, Grehha?" Yennda was stunned as he hurried his action, intending to finish the fusion process, suddenly screaming in pain as his body began to turn into a sculpture of bone, "Wha…what is this? WHAT IS THIS? GREHHA!"

"You needn't know." Grehha snorted as a thought from him and Yennda's body—that partially became a sculpture of bone—flew away and slammed into the nearby wall. His limbs turned into bone and melted, fusing into the wall, preventing him from breaking free.

"Gre-Grehha, w-what are you doing? Grehha!" Yennda trembled in nervousness, shouting, "Please don't sabotage my plans. We come from the same place. Please be a good brother and allow me to complete…"

"You don't have Internal Inertial Gravity, right?" Grehha calmly muttered as he crouched before Yuza.

"Wh-what are you implying?" Yennda shrieked.

"That means you aren't sensing his approach." Grehha said as he pointed at his trembling hands, "This level of fear is overwhelming me. So, please don't hold it against me, Yennda."

"I'm only doing this for our survival."



Chapter 87 Sneaky as Always

"Y-You're kidding, right?" Yennda shouted, losing his cool, "Don't you fucking screw with me!"

"You're…Yuza, right?" Grehha stared at the girl and spoke upon seeing her nod, "I'll be honest with you. Growing in your womb is an Empyrean Tusk. But, it is not guaranteed to succeed, as the requirements are tremendous. There's a nonzero possibility of successful birth only if you're a master."

"So, whether or not it's a success, you'll die, Yuza."

"I…see," All Yuza could do was sigh in response, "I don't have enough strength to even walk now. I can feel my cultivation dropping steadily."

"Therefore, I wish to propose something to you." Grehha displayed a wry smile, "You'll die either way, but with your permission, I will use my ability on you and ensure a successful birth."

"You mean to say…" Yuza glanced at the shouting Yennda once before grumbling, "I'll be giving birth to an Empyrean Tusk?"

"Yes," Grehha nodded.

"Can you guarantee it?" Yuza gasped.

"On my life." Grehha nodded.

"Then, do it." Yuza glared at Yennda, "I only don't wish for that man to benefit."

"Grehha! Stop!" Yennda bellowed, his eyes red in rage as blood dripped out, "That's my TREASURE! Don't you freaking touch it! YOU! Fu…"

"Shut up for a moment," Grehha snapped his finger as suddenly, the layer of bone covering Yennda's limbs expanded, reaching his face.

Yennda shrieked for a couple of seconds before becoming a bone sculpture, losing his life.

Not even glancing at the reincarnate he had just killed, Grehha focused all his attention on Yuza, 'The baby will come out soon. She hasn't developed enough to survive. I must prevent that.'

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

A greenish bubble condensed in his hand and gently seeped into Yuza's stomach, fusing with her womb. His Prana flowed into the Empyrean Incubator and was converted into an Empyrean Tusk's essence, nurturing the baby inside.

Yuza felt some strength return in her body, sensing that she wouldn't be giving birth anytime soon. "How…long must I be in this state?"

"I'm not sure," Grehha shook his head, "My ability will perfectly incubate the baby. But as I'm not strong enough, it'll take a while before the baby develops fully to become an Empyrean Tusk."

"It might take a few months," He said and lifted Yuza, carrying her in his arms as he walked out of the room.

Waiting in the living room nervously were two men, the strongest the Mammoth Clan had to offer—Bora Tusk, and Yahard Tusk.

Seeing his arrival, Bora Tusk asked in a hurry, "How is it? Is there hope?"

"Yes, Settlement Leader." Grehha nodded, "But it will take a while before she's born."

"Good! Good! Good!" Bora Tusk shed tears, "As long as there's hope, it's fine. A little bit of suffering is nothing compared to that."

"Bora, the carriages are ready." Yahard Tusk said, "I'll harness them to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's tail. We'll protect you until you're ready."

"Thank you." Bora Tusk bowed, "I'll remain forever grateful to you."

"Man, you're creeping me out. This isn't like you." Yahard Tusk felt goosebumps on his skin, 'Why is this madman acting sane now?'

'Should I tell them or not?' Grehha felt conflicted. The baby growing in Yuza could never replace Gannala. After all, the imprint was completely dependent on the woman giving birth.

Meaning, the born Empyrean Tusk could only succeed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Otherwise, it would have to take up a new identity. 'The newborn can only obtain an inheritance from the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.'

If he were to reveal it, Bora Tusk might lose his sanity. Therefore, it was best to keep quiet about it until the baby was born. 'Besides, Gannala left this to my discretion. There must be a reason then.'

'Is Granny Oyo too attempting the same?' He wondered. In the Mammoth Clan, there were two women with the Fragment Disease: Oyo and Yuza.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Oyo simply ends up dying at the First Major Disaster. 'But now, things might be different. Maybe that's why Gannala didn't say anything to me about continuing her legacy. Maybe she left it to someone else. I feel Inala is the most likely, but I can't say for sure.'

He continued to think of the various possibilities while Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk protected him and brought him to the 43rd Settlement.

An hour later, right as the First Major Disaster started, Virala rushed into a shelter alongside Ruvva and Luttrena.

"Defend! Don't let the Zingers steal our Empyrean Tusk's Prana!" An elite bellowed as he used his Bone Spear to pierce a Zinger that mistakenly flew close by.

Those in the shelter too threw out attacks, all while Virala huddled at the very back, acting weak. His attention was on the two women beside him.

"Aah!" A Prana Bomb slammed into a student and caused her to scream in pain. Her leg shattered from the impact while her Prana was being sucked by the projectile.

"Ruvva, help her!" Virala shouted in urgency, causing Ruvva to instinctively move.

"Come with me." Virala grabbed Luttrena's hands and dragged her away. While Ruvva was distracted by the student, Virala arrived at a corner of the shelter and whispered, "Where's the channel?"

"Here," Luttrena pointed as she infused her Prana into a region, revealing a narrow hole. "This leads to a main channel."

Virala jumped into the hole, followed by Luttrena. Right as she was about to close the entrance, Virala grabbed her hand, "You don't need to bother with that."

"But…" Luttrena intended to retort but a peck on her lips and she turned silent. Her eyes were glazed as she didn't seem to be aware of what she was doing.

As Luttrena led the way, Virala travelled from one channel to another, eventually entering a major channel that was wide enough for ten people to walk side by side. Security was minimal in the channel now as everyone rushed out to defend against the Zingers.

They couldn't afford to leave part of their strength inside the Empyrean Tusk. Zingers were unlike Mud Vipers. They wouldn't enter the channels. Therefore, guarding the entrance was enough.

This meant there was none to obstruct their actions as Virala sported a smile, calmly following a dazed Luttrena who took the initiative to lead him through the complex network of channels.

"We're finally here." Virala entered a dome and spoke in excitement, staring at the cylindrical object before him, covered by a thick layer of bone.

It was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's heart!



Chapter 88 Ruvva Activates Primary Extortion

"This is the heart," Luttrena said as the glaze in her eyes flickered before soon, she became normal, expressing her confusion. "What…what was I doing?"

She looked around, stunned, "Why am I next to the heart?"

"Well, thanks for leading me here," Virala said and hugged her from behind. His hands slithered up her chest and grabbed her by the neck, choking her as copious amounts of Prana seeped into her.

"I knew I shouldn't have trusted you!" Luttrena screamed, intending to retaliate. But her Spirit Weapons weren't on her being anymore, obviously tossed away by Virala when she was in her glazed state.

She tried to transform into her Pranic Beast and kill Virala. Unfortunately for her, something seemed to obstruct her Prana, preventing her from transforming. "Gah!"

She felt suffocated, feeling her organs rupture. Her skeleton began to shrink, turning molten as Luttrena was unable to think anymore. A few seconds later, her body transformed into a fist-sized sphere, yellowish-pink in colour, sporting patterns of a lizard's scales. It hovered before Virala, the hue it emanated highlighted his excited expression.

"Sweet, another one for my collection." Grinning in response, Virala pocketed the sphere. He then took out a purple sphere and placed it on the Empyrean Tusk heart, infusing his prana into it.

Slowly, a cocoon enveloped him while a needle protruded out of the sphere and latched onto the heart, acting like a pump. It secreted a faint acid, affecting the bone. Even without drilling through a hole, blood began to drip into the cocoon.

The acid turned the bone porous, causing the high-pressured blood inside the heart to seep out. From a trickle, the stream of blood flow increased, soon reaching the level of a home shower.

The cocoon was filled with blood as Virala calmly showered in it, greedily absorbing the essence within the blood. At that moment, the cocoon shimmered, unleashing pressure as the Empyrean Tusk blood surged into Virala at tremendous speeds, beyond what he could naturally absorb.

"It…hurts!" Virala grunted in pain, but upon feeling the power surging in his body, he was too excited to bother with the pain. It was like being pumped nonstop with adrenaline.

While the blood fused into his body, Virala began to combine his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole, patiently waiting as the shape of the Spirit Container began to transform, soon taking the nascent structure of an Empyrean Tusk.

The cocoon shattered as the blood dripping out of the heart trickled to a stop. The blood on the floor seeped into the floor of the channel and was absorbed by the heart.

"Haha!" Gasping in exhaustion, Virala plopped to the floor, thumping his chest in victory, "I succeeded."

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

He succeeded in becoming an Empyrean Tusk, "The same as Resha from Sumatra Chronicles."

"From now onwards, I too am one of the strong that reigns at the top of this world." Virala grinned.

"Is that so?" Suddenly, followed by crisp footsteps, Ruvva arrived at a halt five metres behind him, her eyes cold. She stared at him like he was dirt, commenting, "I see. So, the blood of an Empyrean Tusk grants a Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease the power of an Empyrean Tusk. That's a ground-breaking discovery. If this is revealed, the Mammoth Clan's power will become unrivalled."

"Ruvva…" Virala frowned in response, "What's up with you these days?"

"You've changed."

"Is that why you left me in the shelter alone?" Ruvva snorted, "Before I realised it, my body had moved to protect that girl when you urged me. What have you done to me?"

"It's the power of love," Virala winked.

"Anyway," Ruvva tilted her head and asked, "Now that you have become an Empyrean Tusk, do you possess its Primary Nature?"

"Internal Inertial Gravity," Virala boasted, "It's my Primary Nature now."

"Perfect!" Ruvva clapped in joy, "Thank you for the gift in advance."

"What are you…" Virala frowned as nerves protruded on his neck and forehead, causing him to cough up blood, "This…what is this?"

Mystic Bone Art—Primary Extortion!

Virala stared helplessly as his Prana flowed out of his body, carrying with it the essence of his Primary Nature. He couldn't defend himself and could only glare in hatred as the essence seeped into Ruvva.

"Internal Inertial Gravity," Ruvva boasted, sporting the same tone as Virala, "It's my Primary Nature now."

The Primary Extortion Skill allowed a student at the Spirit Stage to steal the Primary Nature of their target. The primary requirement was to have sex a hundred times while using the Skill.

And every time Ruvva used the Skill, all her Prana would be lost. If not for the wealth Granny Oyo had left her, she wouldn't have been able to use it a hundred times in the past nine months.

Once it was completed, all Ruvva had to do was wait until Virala obtained his Primary Nature. She could swipe it off him and benefit instead, thereby turning Virala into a useless elite that didn't even have an ability.

"My…Primary Nature is gone…?" Virala muttered in disbelief as he plopped on the ground, kneeling as he faced the floor, completely dejected. He went from the highest of excitement to the lowest of despair in a matter of seconds.

"Thanks to you, I now possess an Empyrean Tusk's power," Ruvva commented calmly as she walked towards him and stared at the back of his head. Virala was in a state of despair as he faced the floor, not having the strength to even look up at her.

"You have two options now. First is to count your remaining days as a student and wait until it's graduation day to be chucked into a Pranic Beast mouth. Or," Her eyes turned cold as she stared at him like he was a dead man, raising her leg as she used her Primary Nature to increase its weight, "Your second option is to be crushed under my leg now."

"I'll take the third option, please," Virala said and stared up, revealing an uncontrollable smile, creeping her. Just as she intended to stomp him to death, Virala grabbed her leg and grunted, stiffening up her body.

"Impossible!" Ruvva was unable to move for some reason. Suddenly, she felt her organs rupturing as her bones began to melt. An inescapable sense of death enveloped her as the coldness in her eyes vanished, replaced by fear. She stared at Virala, unable to understand what was on his mind anymore, "You! Who are you?"

"Your ancestor," Virala commented casually as he crushed Ruvva's body into a bone sphere engraved with the image of an Empyrean Tusk's head. The bone sphere pulsed with a suffocating pressure, causing goosebumps to form on his skin.

"Sometimes, I am terrified of myself." He broke into laughter and pocketed the bone sphere.



Chapter 89 Secondary Nature of Weaponisation

"That went easier than expected," Virala commented as he inspected the spheres he had collected. There were a total of four, but the fourth was damaged. It was the purple sphere he used to extract blood from the Empyrean Tusk heart.

Virala inspected it for a while before crushing it, "It's damaged beyond repair. I won't be needing it anyway. So let me get rid of it."

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

This was the Mammoth Ancestor's signature ability, one she used to forge one of the greatest Clans of Sumatra. Weaponisation was an overpowered ability and could only be obtained by Mammoth Clansmen—her descendants.

But, to prevent those unworthy from getting it, the Mammoth Ancestor broke her inheritance into riddles and encrypted it to the limit. Only someone with exceptional intelligence would be able to access it.

Unfortunately for her, she had overestimated her descendants as not one managed to decrypt it. Over the years after her disappearance, her inheritance was forgotten. After thousands of years had passed, it was reduced into a children's tale recounted to the students at the Academy of Refinement.

Yes, the most common book accessible to all Mammoth Clansmen was in truth the Mammoth Ancestor's inheritance.

Oftentimes in Sumatra Chronicles, there came verses hinting about the worlds floating in the sky, observable from all across Sumatra Continent.

At times, there existed one world, sometimes two, and sometimes even a dozen. Their numbers varied randomly, but at least one world floated in the sky. And it was so far away that it couldn't be accessed, since no entity in their world could fly.

Virala linked all these verses and concluded that the Mammoth Ancestor was indeed alive. She was in one of these worlds. And before heading there, she left behind an inheritance.

It took Virala one month to determine that the inheritance was in the children's book. Following that, he only had to activate his cultivation technique while reading the book. A month later, words began to hover in his mind, becoming a puzzle.

Four more months later, Virala finished piecing the puzzle together, obtaining the inheritance, which was the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation.

Virala had strict rules to follow for Weaponisation to take effect. So, it wasn't easy to use it. But that wasn't an issue for someone like him.

Depending on the strength of the target, the number of rules increased. Once Virala satisfied all the rules, he could use Weaponisation on the target.

When applied, the target wouldn't be able to move as their body would be compressed and refined into a fist-sized sphere. This sphere was called a Nature Weapon and it contained the Primary Nature of the target.

A Nature was how an entity lived as. The Mystic Bone Art allowed the cultivator to refine bones as they pleased while digesting everything their stomachs consumed. Weaponisation was a combination of the two taken to the extreme.

It refined the target body into a portable sphere while preserving its Nature. As a result, the Nature Weapon possessed in it the essence of the target's Primary Nature.

A cultivator could possess three Natures in total. Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary were simply the names given to the three slots.

Through Weaponisation, Virala could freely equip and deequip these Nature Weapons in his empty slots. And the day he obtained this Secondary Nature, Virala knew what Ruvva was up to.

After all, Granny Oyo gained inspiration from Weaponisation to create the Primary Extortion Skill. While interrogating Inala, she was inspired and managed to unlock some of the puzzle pieces from the children's book.

She didn't know the truth and hence stopped at creating the Primary Extortion Skill. But had she focused on her inspiration and researched the children's book deeply, maybe she might have discovered the inheritance.

Whenever Ruvva activated the Primary Extortion Skill, Virala could feel its effects. But, he didn't stop her. After all, he wanted her to steal his Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

When stolen, it freed up his Primary Nature slot, allowing Virala to freely equip a second Nature Weapon. With two free slots, he could change his combination of Natures—depending on the situation—with greater variation.

It gave him more freedom to work with. Hence, he patiently waited for Ruvva to take action. He had already satisfied all the rules necessary to steal the Primary Natures of both Ruvva and Luttrena.

Eventually, things fell into his plan just as he had expected.

Weaponisation had some limits though. First was that it could only be used on an individual with one Nature. Meaning, people like Inala—who had three Natures—were out of the question. Secondly, Nature Weapons only possessed 75% power of their original.

But that didn't diminish the fact that he could freely change his Natures through it. He only had to carry a bag of Nature Weapons and remain unstoppable. Moreover, even though he lost his Primary Nature, he was still an Empyrean Tusk.

Meaning, he had the lifespan and Prana capacity of an Empyrean Tusk, allowing him to freely use as many abilities as he pleased.

Virala equipped two Nature Weapons and ran through the channel, stealthily returning to the shelter. Now that he had entered the Body Stage, his goal was to survive the First Major Disaster. From time to time, he attacked the Zingers, all while on the lookout for a Zinger King.

He intended to capture one and steal its Primary Nature. 'Prana Bomb is a very useful ability. It'll allow me to steal Prana from my enemies and replenish my reserves. It will also conserve my training expenses. And a Zinger King's Prana Bomb is the most effective.'

There were thousands of Zingers attacking the shelter alone, overwhelming the Mammoth Clansmen hiding within. Among them was a Zinger King.

Upon noticing it, Virala equipped the Natures of Mud Bomb and Internal Inertial Gravity, perfect for capturing a target. But the moment he equipped Internal Inertial Gravity, he stopped and stared at his hands in shock, seeing them tremble nonstop, "This is…fear?"

A few seconds of pondering later, he realised this was a fear that innately stemmed from an Empyrean Tusk's nature. And there existed only one entity that could make them feel that way, "the Boar King…"

The moment he arrived at that conclusion, Virala rushed out of the shelter and tanked the Prana Bombs that slammed into him by raising his weight to the limit. He sprinted until he reached the edge of the settlement and shot a Mud Ball onto a Zinger Scout's stomach, raising its weight until it brought the Zinger within his range.

Virala grabbed a Zinger corpse from nearby and refined its bone into a rope that he slung around the Zinger Scout's neck and jumped from the settlement.

While the Zinger Scout struggled to break free, he climbed onto its back and held it for dear life, watching it fly away from the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Soon, it crashed into a cliff as Virala jumped out and grabbed a dangling tree root.

He climbed to the peak soon after and took refuge at the top of a Baobab tree, trembling as he sensed the Boar King's presence draw near. He watched the herd move away from him, witnessing the sight of Gannala collapsing.

Soon, he was paralysed by fear, unable to move. Not to mention being able to move, Virala felt difficulty in even breathing, "Fuck! He's as broken as Sumatra Chronicles hyped him up!"



Chapter 90 The Boar King arrives!

An existence that had been alive for two millennia, braving through countless dangers to prove her existence as an apex entity, that was Gannala.

Having killed countless dangerous existences, including Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, the one that resulted in her collapse was a single, tiny egg.

The Zinger Queen required at least a century's worth of Empyrean Tusk lifeforce to hatch successfully. And depending on her potential, the quantity only increased.

Gannala was old but thanks to the Mammoth Clan taking ample care of her wellbeing, she would have lasted another century. Of course, that was only in terms of lifeforce. She would become incapable of supporting the Mammoth Clan in a year. That much was certain.

If she wanted to live even after that, she could roam Sumatra alone and find a spot for her weary body to hibernate. No Empyrean Tusk ever got such an end, for they were killed before reaching such a state.

Gannala was no different. As all her lifeforce was stolen, she couldn't even walk. Followed by a flicker, her Primary Nature shrunk, retreating towards her heart. The result of that was first felt in her legs which were no longer able to bear her body mass.

Just its body mass alone equalled a mountain. But the resources stored in the vast spaces formed in her organs added to a few dozen mountains. Without Internal Inertial Gravity, that wasn't a mass that any living creature could endure.

In an instant, the legs that lost the Primary Nature's effects turned into dust, tilting Gannala to the side.

[Move!]

Gannala shouted in a frequency audible only to Empyrean Tusks. The shout was directed to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that jumped to the side, creating enough space for Gannala to collapse sideways.

[Everyone! Run! He'll be satisfied as long as he gets to kill me!]

Boom!

The ground ruptured upon the impact, unleashing a quake that travelled throughout Dieng Canyon, raising a dust cloud that reached dozens of kilometres into the sky.

Cough! Cough!

Inala grunted in pain as he instinctively observed the egg in his hand, relieved upon seeing the baby Empyrean Tusk remain safe. Thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the egg, she didn't even feel the slightest disturbance.

"Inala! Are you okay?" Asaeya's shout resounded from behind him.

Inala looked around, only seeing dust and smoke everywhere. He was stunned to notice he was hovering in the air for some reason. "I'm fine."

At his shout, a bone hand approached him and held his clothes, tugging. Asaeya floated towards him and expressed her surprise, "What's happening?"

A shockwave billowed at this moment and pushed the dust cloud away, revealing an Empyrean Tusk snout. It then gently touched him as his Mystic Bone Art activated in reflex, prompting him to activate his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill.

Inala floated in the void, able to see massive clusters of information. A tiny cluster hovered before him and seeped into him. As the information surged into his mind, Inala was able to understand what had happened.

When they were about to fall, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air and used that to delicately keep them afloat in the air. It had taken action thanks to Gannala's request. Moreover, Gannala communicated Inala's plan to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

The memories told Inala that the 43rd Empyrean Tusk would take Gannala's place to send him flying away.

Immediately after that, Inala returned to reality and stared at a second snout nearby. That was Gannala's. And oozing out from it was a stream of essence—her Inheritance.

[Henceforth, you're Gannala!]

Gannala announced to the herd as she transferred her everything to the newborn and breathed her last. Her trunk collapsed to the ground and caused another rumble.

Inala didn't even have enough time to process things as he took action in a hurry. All the Prana Bombs stored in his Storage Lantern flew out as he consumed them all and created a giant Prana Bomb that enveloped him and Asaeya.

Inala wasn't sure where Instructor Mandu was. The 43rd Empyrean Tusk only saved him and Asaeya, leaving him with no other choice, 'I wanted to flee with a large group as it was safer. Dammit! Nothing goes completely as planned here!'

The giant Prana Bomb finished forming as his two Prana Hands and Life Hands latched onto its outer surface, merging into it.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air as the giant Prana Bomb flew into the trunk. Suddenly, a dense amount of Prana surged into it, filling it with more than enough effect of Internal Inertial Gravity.

The air was compressed to the limit as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk pointed the trunk at the sky, aiming in a certain direction before releasing the compressed air. Like a bullet, the giant Prana Bomb shot out at hypersonic speeds.

Despite the intense speed, Inala didn't even feel the slightest of jerks within, capable of seeing the herd once he turned the giant Prana Bomb translucent. Thanks to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk reinforcing the giant Prana Bomb's exterior, it didn't crack even while travelling at such speeds.

"He's here!" Inala muttered as the fear he was feeling reached its zenith. He stared in its respective direction, noticing a dot that made a beeline towards the herd. The mountains in its wake crumbled in response.

After a moment of hesitation, Inala revealed a faint crack on the baby Empyrean Tusk's egg, causing a faint cry to leak out. Immediately in response, the dot curved its path and turned his way. The mountain beneath it turned to dust as the dot jumped into the sky, travelling a notch faster than the giant Prana Bomb.

The dot gradually increased in size, revealing a humanoid individual that unleashed a ravenous roar. His body ballooned in size to become a massive boar that approached him even faster.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

"Fuck!" Inala closed the crack on the baby Empyrean Tusk's egg as his heart palpitated upon seeing the Boar King up close. He burned up his Prana to barely reinforce his body through his Primary Nature. Only then could he endure the sheer pressure exuded by the Boar King.

His plan was simple. Using the baby Empyrean Tusk's cries, he would lure the Boar King while flying away. Thereby, he would prevent the Boar King from finding the Empyrean Tusk herd. Of course, he wasn't a martyr. He intended to flee successfully.

"Don't faint!" He shouted at Asaeya, using pain to keep her awake. "At my signal, use the Grim Knell's power on his eyes!"

"O-Okay!" Asaeya trembled in fright, using pain to stay sane as the Boar King approached closer and closer.

When there was less than ten kilometres between the two, Inala shouted, "Now!"

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Asaeya lost sight in her eyes, linking it to the Boar King who also became blind…for an instant.

At that moment, the two Prana Hands and Life Hands attached to the giant Prana Bomb's outer surface morphed in shape, transforming into curved wings—tiny in size, shaped like shark fins—as they caused the giant Prana Bomb to spin in response, assuming a helical pattern. At hypersonic speeds, even a small change in shape would result in completely different motion paths.

The abrupt change caused the Boar King to miss as he moved straight while the giant Prana Bomb swerved in its helical pattern and brushed past him. Due to his superior speed, he moved past them.

Inala faintly changed the lengths of the four tiny wings, causing the giant Prana Bomb to curve faintly and move in another direction. There was an angle of thirty degrees between the path taken by the giant Prana Bomb and the Boar King.

For an instant, the Boar King lost his sight. And when he regained them, the Prana Bomb was no longer before him. He stared to his side, watching his target going farther and farther away in another direction.

As he couldn't fly, it would take him a while before he reached the ground. Even if he were to leap that, his target would have vanished by then. After all, both were travelling at hypersonic speeds, 'Using my speed against me, that's a first.'

Reverting to his human form, the Boar King gently landed on a mountain, impressed, "The baby Empyrean Tusk's cries were revealed only for an instant to lure me this way. And the moment I missed my target, her cries have been masked."

"Moreover, there was someone with the power of a Grim Knell within that Prana Bomb. That's a solid scheme to escape from my sights." Muttering as such, he stretched his limbs and turned around, "Anyway, I finally found the herd."

He kicked the mountain, crushing it into dust as his figure flew out, making a beeline towards the Empyrean Tusk herd, "I'll annihilate them this time."



