Chapter 121 Luring the Boar King (Part 1)

The thrust unleashed by the pair of lungs forming the rocket was pretty much a forceful expulsion of air. All Empyrean Tusks did the same using their trunks. It wasn't anything special.

If Inala repeated the same now, the vehicle would only move on the ground. There didn't seem a restriction on the technology itself, at least one applied through Natures—as Inala had done here.

Maybe there was a restriction on technology created solely from scratch that didn't conform to the power system of Sumatra. It would be wise to be careful in that regard.

Since the only variable that turned the ground-bound vehicle into an aircraft was the pair of wings, only that was erased through cause and effect. Even when Inala flew a second time, only the wings were targeted.

Of course, since the source of that mysterious cause and effect wasn't a power but an entity, Inala didn't dare repeat the experiment another time. What if that entity were to become pissed at him and decides to erase him too?

He didn't wish to go out like that. Hence, Inala restrained himself. Moreover, he made a mental note to never use this thrust option while he finishes developing his Empyrean Zinger body in the future.

The moment his figure accelerates in the sky, he might be erased. And even if he intended to use the thrusters, it should only be for an instant to give him a burst in momentum. Since his figure would immediately begin decelerating, no matter how minimal the deceleration value was, he would only be considered a projectile that had been shot in the air.

That was the way to avoid being erased by this mysterious entity that forbade flight.

After feeding the rocket a bunch of filled Prana Bombs, Inala refined the front of the giant Prana Bomb into a wedge shape. Ten minutes later, once the lungs were full, he got inside the vehicle and activated them, causing them to unleash a powerful thrust.

The vehicle shot forth on the ground, almost flipping upward due to the vehicle's aerodynamics. He hurriedly raised the vehicle's density, causing it to stably remain on the ground, maintaining enough traction.

The wedge severed through the horde of Slump Lizards as it sped forward. Moreover, their Primary Nature kept the vehicle grounded. Otherwise, with the powerful thrust being unleashed at the back, the vehicle would have been flying around all over the place like a deflating balloon.

The journey that had taken him hours was traversed within thirty minutes. The vehicle crashed into the walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe's settlement and came to an abrupt halt.

Inala got out and noticed the sky beginning to brighten. He quickly scaled up the wall and approached his cave, watching the giant Prana Bomb filled with cracks. Had he been a few minutes late, things would have turned troublesome.

Inala pulled the giant Prana Bomb out of the cave and enclosed it with the biggest Prana Bomb he could create, one spanning a radius of ten metres. He dumped all the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs—that he had accumulated until now—into it.

Asaeya was relieved at his arrival. She was then stunned by the truckload of Life Bombs, wondering what Inala had done to accumulate such a staggering number. Mixed among the pile was a Bone Slip as Asaeya accessed it, hearing Inala's thoughts.

[There are enough resources to probably last you a week even if baby Gannala consumes more than usual. Stay here and take care of her. We are within range. So, I'm scheming to outwit the Boar King. I have a solid plan, so don't worry. In the meantime, look through the Bone Slip and formulate a plan for our stay at Ellora Trade City.]

All the information he had collected from Ellora City, including the maps was left to Asaeya. Even though he had recorded everything in the Bone Slip, Inala didn't have time to understand the information and make plans accordingly.

Hence, he left it to her. 'She's smarter than me in such things.'

It was more efficient to play to their strengths. Inala was pretty good at scheming. But, he drew a blank in terms of economics and politics. Therefore, it was best to leave it to his disciple who excelled at such things.

The biggest Prana Bomb remained stuck to the mountain slope as there wasn't enough time to dig a cave large enough for it. Besides, that was unnecessary and would only hinder his plan.

"I'll outwit you perfectly, Boar King," Inala muttered, focused as he entered the cave and used three Spirit Weapons to drill through the cave. Once he drilled to the limit of his range, he dropped his three Empyrean Zinger Scouts in them, one per hole.

The scouts refined a Spirit Weapon of their own and continued the drilling process, proceeding through a route that he had informed them. They could communicate through the Zinger tongue, so it was easy to transmit vast streams of information through a shout.

While they drilled a hole, Inala collected the dust in a large container and transported it away. He dumped the contents in the river, making repeated trips.

By afternoon, he was unable to move anymore, suffering from the side effects of using the Prana Blood Skill. He had used it for four hours in total. And until now, he forcefully prolonged its side effects.

"Grrr!" He rolled on the ground in pain, but when the Empyrean Zinger Scouts approached him in worry, he growled and told them to continue with their work.

It was midnight by the time he recovered a little. Originally, he required a few days at the very least to fully recover, but due to the lack of time, he activated the Prana Blood Skill once again, using it to amass a large quantity of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs.

Using the vehicle, he made repeated trips to the border to select the most optimal location. Upon return, he harvested Prana, and Lifeforce from the Slump Lizards.

Using the shells of his Prana and Life Bombs, he created a thick layer in the cave. Following that, he sneaked into Ellora City, stole some more money from Safara and used it to purchase paint. Using that, he painted the cave, taking a lot of time until the finish was natural.

Now, despite the surface being bone, its colour and texture were no different from the natural cave before. The three tunnels were narrow, only spanning a width of two centimetres. They travelled all the way underground, below the mountain, stopping only at a depth of 400 metres from the surface.

From their starting point in the cave, the tunnels spanned a height of a kilometre. And at their bottom, Inala left a Life Bomb each.

Following that, he poured the fluids of a Life Bomb throughout the tunnel until they were filled. With that, their entrance was closed up. The fluid was in direct contact with the bone floor of the cave, acting like an electrical wire for Prana and Lifeforce transfer.

A week had passed by now as Inala approached the biggest Prana Bomb, making eye contact with Asaeya who motioned that baby Gannala was asleep. He touched the biggest Prana Bomb and watched it crack before shattering.

It was time to lure the Boar King into the trap.



Chapter 122 Luring the Boar King (Part 2)

"Steady," Inala said as he carefully took baby Gannala from Asaeya. She was exhausted, having had to constantly take care of baby Gannala's needs.

The baby was an Empyrean Tusk, despite her human appearance. As a result, her appetite was voracious. Of course, her waste products were equally terrifying.

Once Asaeya walked out of the biggest Prana Bomb through the entrance that had been cracked, Inala shut the entrance, intending to later dump it in the river. All the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs preserved in it had already been consumed.

Holding the baby Gannala, he observed her, sighing upon sensing an instinct envelop him, making him feel warmth towards her. 'Haah!'

He sighed once and then took out a vial from his pocket. That was something he created after purchasing the necessary ingredients from Ellora City. It was a sleep-inducing agent.

Inala made the baby Gannala inhale it, putting her in a state of deep sleep. He then took out a syringe that he had personally refined, using it to extract her blood, little by little.

While doing so, he also fed her the fluid in a Life Bomb, replenishing her lost blood without harming her baby body.

Once he had collected enough blood, he returned her to Asaeya, "Alert me if she's about to wake up."

"Okay," Asaeya said and stared at Inala, worried. His current condition wasn't in the least optimal.

Reddish eyes, dark circles reaching his cheeks, blood dripping out of his orifices, and an overall weak presence, as if he was on the verge of death. Inala was in a sickly state, having pushed himself repeatedly to use the Blood Prana Skill without healing from its side effects.

"You should rest." Asaeya expressed her worry. "At this rate, you'll die."

"I won't die," Inala said, serious, "I have no plans on dying so soon. So, you needn't worry."

"I know my limits."

"If you say so," Even though Asaeya acted convinced, she was worried about his condition. 'I can't do anything to him.'

She was strong, yes. But outside battles, she was of no help to him. 'No, I should make myself more useful.'

"It's fine. I'm almost done anyway." It seemed Inala was aware of her thoughts based on her body language as he consoled her.

After consuming the contents of four Life Bombs, he waited a couple of minutes before chopping off his legs.

"Inala!" Asaeya shouted in a fluster.

"Quiet," Inala said, not even flinching at the pain. Or rather, he was numb. Not numb to pain, but in his severely exhausted state, his brain couldn't even process the pain. "Don't do anything that'll wake baby Gannala."

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

He refined his legs to a form that was an exact replica of baby Gannala. He then created a Life Bomb and made it gently touch baby Gannala, retracting it a second later.

Present in it was a tinge of her lifeforce and Prana. Inala shrunk the Life Bomb and placed it in the location where the heart ought to exist. He then began to insert various organs into the puppet, all extracted from his body after he turned himself young to the limit after becoming a female.

Baby Gannala's blood, lifeforce, and Prana; since she was his daughter, once he turned himself into a woman and used his organs to create the puppet's body, the end result was a puppet with baby Gannala's presence.

For the final act, he took baby Gannala and erected a Prana Bomb around them. He waited patiently until the effects of the sleep-inducing agent wore off, watching baby Gannala wake up.

"Gua!" She let out a smile and stared at him, excited, "Dada!"

"Dada!"

"I'm sorry," Inala felt his heart lurch upon seeing the baby's excitement at his presence. He pinched her sensitive thigh, watching baby Gannala cry in pain. Seeing her crying expression felt like his heart was being slammed repeatedly by a hammer. "Sorry!"

"Don't dry, don't cry. There, there!" A minute later, he began to console her, not even realising since when, but tears were streaming out of his eyes too. He had yet to come to terms with her existence. But things were forcing his hand, burdening his emotional state even further.

It took him close to an hour before he managed to console baby Gannala. Upon noticing that she was hungry, he fed her the fluid from a lifeforce-rich Life Bomb. After having her fill, baby Gannala fell asleep.

Since she was regularly consuming lifeforce-rich fluid, her development was pretty much the strongest among all Empyrean Tusks. Any defects she might have gained after being birthed by a lacking human were all taken care of by the rich lifeforce she constantly consumed.

In terms of Empyrean Tusks, she was the healthiest. Inala stared at her sleeping face in a daze for a couple of hours, his mind a mess. In the end, he shattered the Prana Bomb and walked out, giving her back to Asaeya. "I need a bit of your blood now."

"Take as much as you need," Asaeya said and used her Prana to grab hold of one of Inala's prepared syringes and extracted her blood.

"That's enough." Inala created a puppet of her next. He had already created his own puppet.

After placing the three puppets in the cave, he took out a part from his pocket. It was his throat—from his female form—that he had extracted and refined. Using the Bone Slip Skill in conjunction with Mystic Skill Creator, he recorded baby Gannala's crying voice in it.

And now, he inserted it into the puppet resembling baby Gannala, watching a realistic result. "It's done."

Taking in a deep breath, he activated the three puppets. Immediately in response, the heads of the Inala puppet and Asaeya puppet flew off and slammed into the cave walls, coming to a stop as blood leaked out of their bodies.

The blood splattered throughout the cave. And in response, the baby Gannala puppet opened its mouth and unleashed its cries.

"Uwaa!"

"Uwa!"

Hearing the voice, Inala felt his heart lurch, sighing in relief, "It's working."

Immediately in response, his Internal Inertial Gravity flared up, feeling a mild sense of fear. That was a sign of the Boar King rushing in his direction.

Inala closed his eyes and felt the rate at which the source of fear drew near, 'He's at least twenty times slower than before. It seems I failed to lure him properly. As a result, he fought the herd. I hope damage has been kept to a minimum.'

After observing for an hour in a meditative state, Inala's eyes shot open as he muttered, "He'll arrive in four days."

"Do we wait until then?" Asaeya asked.

"Nope, we're fleeing immediately." Inala got up, ready to act.



Chapter 123 Luring the Boar King (Part 3)

Inala used the severed feet of a Slump Lizard and made bloody footprints throughout the cave, using the blood leaking out from the Inala puppet and Asaeya puppet. This way, it seemed as if a group of Slump Lizards had ambushed the group and left after killing them.

He didn't forget to add bite marks throughout the bodies of the three puppets. But for the Inala and Asaeya puppets, there were patches of the body bitten off using the jaws of the Slump Lizards, displaying resistance from the ambushed.

And to make it seem as if both the fighting parties took out each other, he piled dozens of Slump Lizard carcasses at the cave entrance.

With that gone, he carried the biggest Prana Bomb and dumped it in the river, watching it vanish in the depths of the darkness. With a thought from him, the Prana Bomb crumbled, causing its contents to blast out.

The river water turned turbulent, as even the shit produced by an Empyrean Tusk was medicinal for the average Pranic Beast.

In a matter of minutes, everything was consumed, leaving behind no traces. Following that, Inala boarded a large vehicle that he had successfully finished constructing in the past week. The design was more stable, and refined over his many trips to the border.

Spanning a length of thirty metres and a height of twenty metres, it was a vehicle created by the fusion of four of his biggest Prana Bombs. Moreover, he had refined more layers of Prana Bomb shells on it for added security, ensuring it would remain sturdy long enough in the Sandy-Grey Void.

There were four quarters in total inside. Prana Bomb, Life Bomb, water, and living quarters, for a total of four. Even adding baby Gannala's consumption, there were enough resources to sustain them for six months.

At the front were the living quarters where Inala took his seat. Asaeya slumped on a berth that he had purchased from Ellora City, carrying baby Gannala. She was amazed by what he had created, looking around with widened eyes.

Inala had purchased a lot of clothes, toys, medicines, etc. from Ellora City, all to ensure baby Gannala could develop healthily.

"How…?" Asaeya asked but was met with no reply.

While panting in exhaustion, his eyes drooped in tiredness as Inala fed a Prana Bomb into the rocket's mouth, sensing the two lungs suck in air. Ten minutes later, once they were fully charged, he made them expunge the air, slowly this time.

The vehicle moved at a controllable speed, as they had sufficient time in their hands. At around thirty kilometres an hour, it moved through the forest region, treading through a path Inala had already mapped out.

Due to the vehicle's weight, deep tracks formed on the ground. But that wasn't a concern, as by the next morning, once the Slump Lizards begin to retreat, they'll erase all unusual traces, including the tyre tracks.

Inala had already confirmed it. The Slump Lizards were his biggest collaborators, even if they were unaware of their role. It was through their help that he was able to perfectly mask his escape.

Soon, they arrived at the border and entered it.

The Sandy-Grey Void created by the Mudropper was a kilometre wide and reached a depth of a hundred metres. As the vehicle entered the region, it began to sink in through the sand, stopping at a depth of eighty metres.

He had shaped the underside of the vehicle in such a way that the grey sand couldn't easily move around it. Hence, enough of the sand was stuck inside to ensure the vehicle didn't sink all the way to the bottom.

If it reached the bottom and caused part of its surface to face the regular soil, there was a chance the Boar King could pick up traces. If he had Natures geared toward detection, that was possible. Hence, Inala had to make such an elaborate setup.

A couple of minutes later, all traces of the vehicle's presence vanished in the Sandy-Grey Void, making it seem as if such a vehicle hadn't entered the region in the first place.

While the Sandy-Grey Void was gradually beginning to digest the vehicle, Inala seeped his Prana into it from time to time and resisted the assimilation. This was the method used by the original Empyrean Tusk herd when they planned to leave Sumatra Continent.

After understanding a small part of the memories inherited from the previous Gannala, Inala perfected his plan, allowing him to stay cooped up in the Sandy-Grey Void for six months.

Thankfully, the potency of this Sandy-Grey Void was vastly weaker as compared to the original. Its effects were a tad weaker than even the safe routes determined in the real Sandy-Grey Void. It was why he could sustain himself for six whole months.

Such plans wouldn't even last a couple of days through the real Sandy-Grey Void that bordered Sumatra Continent.

'Now, I have six months to fully comprehend the sea of memories I inherited from the previous Gannala.' Thinking as such, Inala relaxed, for they were finally in a safe place. The moment he did so, he dropped to the floor, unconscious.

"Inala!" Asaeya rushed to his rescue and placed him on a berth, assisting his recovery.

…

"Uwaa!"

"Uwa!"

Seated in a cave within a random mountain in the Dieng Canyon was the Boar King. Strewn on the floor next to him were some Pranic Beasts, unable to move due to the presence he unleashed.

He usually feasted upon them alive to aid in his cultivation. After facing the Empyrean Tusk herd, he died twice, dropping to the 1-Life Stage. To exact his revenge, he promptly returned to recuperate and build up strength.

But upon hearing a newborn Empyrean Tusk's cries, he jolted awake, continuing to hear the sounds for a minute, getting up once the cries stopped, "That's the newborn Gannala's voice."

"Since the previous Gannala died before I could kill her, I'll be sure to kill her successor." He was aware that the inheritance ceremony was completed. For a moment, he wondered if it was a trap, considering how Inala escaped his grasp the previous time.

"So what if it's a trap," He grinned, "I have nothing to lose and everything to gain if I find her."

He leaped out of the cave and landed on the ravine, gaining in size as he took on his Pranic Beast form.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

Upon his transformation, an overbearing presence spread in his surroundings, causing the Zingers to faint in response. As the bodies of the Zingers rained down from the skies, the Empyrean Boar King rushed through the ravine, making a beeline in the direction of the voice he heard.

He sensed the Empyrean Tusk herd far away, still in the Dieng Canyon, 'They are stirring up because of the cries too.'

'But, they don't have my endurance. They can't keep up pace for more than a few hours before expending their reserves.' With such a thought in mind, the Empyrean Boar King accelerated, burning up Prana to transform into a blur, and swiftly left the Dieng Canyon, 'But high-speed endurance is my thing. Even in my weakened state, I should be able to reach in four days.'

"I'll kill you, Gannala!"



Chapter 124 The Man That Boned Your Ass Once

Once every few hours, he picked up baby Gannala's voice. Based on the tone of the cry, it was a show of pain, worrying the Boar King, 'No! I should be the one to kill her! Not any of the other trash!'

He picked up pace, rushing through faster. From time to time, the Empyrean Boar King would gobble some Pranic Beasts, replenishing Prana in such a fashion.

The targeted Pranic Beasts didn't even know what hit them. One moment they were in their territories. The other moment, they were being digested in the body of the sole Mystic Grade Pranic Beast of Sumatra Continent.

It was so fast the targets barely registered a blur before they were killed.

As long as his Prana was being replenished, the Empyrean Boar King could continue his high-speed sprint, reaching speeds up to 800 kilometres per hour, his optimal pace.

Had this been before when he was at the 3-Life Stage, he would have casually broken through the sound barrier and travelled at hypersonic speeds.

Nonstop, the Empyrean Boar King sprinted, eventually hitting his limit after almost four days. He took an hour's rest and sprinted once again, arriving at an abrupt halt soon after upon noticing the Sandy-Grey Void.

"Is this a trap to lure me to the Sandy-Grey Void?" Reverting to his human form, the Boar King frowned in thought before feeling that something was amiss, "Wait, this Sandy-Grey Void doesn't seem treacherous enough as in my memories."

Intending to solve his doubts, he circled around the Sandy-Grey Void, soon noticing that it formed a circle with a radius of 500 kilometres. "This isn't an enclave. So, there should be no reason for the Sandy-Grey Void to be here, unless…"

He muttered in surprise, "A Mudropper is still alive?"

The Boar King crouched low and activated a bunch of Natures gained from Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, abilities he casually used around. With that, he leapt forth into the Sandy-Grey Void, landing on the other side, muttering in excitement, "It's only a kilometre wide. As I thought, it's a Mudropper."

He was indeed curious about the Mudropper, but that wasn't a priority. The Boar King rushed in the direction of the voice he heard last, which was around six hours ago, soon reaching the mountain walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe's settlement.

Followed by a leap, the Boar King entered the cave, casually swatting around the pile of Slump Lizard carcasses. Before he even landed on the floor, he observed the corpses of Inala and Asaeya there, recalling from memory, 'They were the ones with the newborn Gannala back then.'

A glance at the scene and he could picture what had happened, 'Judging by their direction of flight back then, they would have landed in this region. It seems they had taken refuge in this cave. But unfortunately for them, the Slump Lizards ambushed their weary selves.'

The blunt injury on the heads of Inala and Asaeya indicated that they had slammed their heads into the ground, obviously due to the Primary Nature of Slump Lizards. The sneak attack weakened them. Following that, when the two sides fought, they took each other out.

The Boar King concluded right before his feet touched down on the cave floor. He landed at the entrance, sensing some lifeforce in baby Gannala, excited, 'She's alive! Now, I can kill her!'

He couldn't even become fully excited as the moment his feet came in contact with the cave's floor, copious amounts of his Prana and Lifeforce were absorbed in an instant.

"Tch!" The Boar King clicked his tongue and lifted his legs one after another, ripping out patches of the bone floor stuck to his legs. With a twist of his toes, the bone plates crumbled. He then planted his feet on the actual cave floor, frowning. 'What is this?'

He leaped lightly and landed before baby Gannala, feeling his Prana and Lifeforce be absorbed once again, at a rate many times stronger than before, 'A trap?'

With a flex of his toes, he shattered the bone floor there too, stopping the suction of his Prana and Lifeforce. It didn't matter if he lost a bit of it, as long as he could kill baby Gannala. He glanced at Inala and Asaeya's corpse, "Did they set this trap before they died?"

"How futile,"

He extended his hand and touched baby Gannala, "Now, finally, you're mine to kill…GAHH!"

This time, he actually grunted in pain, for the rate at which his Prana and Lifeforce were being stolen was the fastest.

The Boar King picked up baby Gannala and threw her towards his mouth. His mouth enlarged into a boar's and gobbled her body, swallowing it after a couple of crunches. But a second later, he growled in anger, "It's fake!"

Since he didn't gain her Primary Nature, it meant what he swallowed a merely a fake meant to mimic the original. Now that he had removed the baby Gannala puppet from the picture, he stared at the small platform on which she had been placed upon.

It was a stone slab and carved on it was the following sentence.

[Yo, Brangara! Did you like my surprise? I'm sure the trap I set barely tickled you, but still, the fact that you're reading this means you've obviously fallen prey to my trap. Fret not, my friend. As I grow stronger, I'll set stronger traps for you. I know you wish to kill Gannala. So, I'll keep luring you to my traps. Let's see how long you'll give chase. Yours truly…]

[The Man That Boned Your Ass Once!]

"Bastard!" The Boar King stomped his leg in anger and destroyed the cave, causing part of the mountain to collapse in response.

"Wait, he called me by my name and not my title as the Boar King. How did he come to know that?" Only a moment later did he realise in startlement, looking around in fluster to see that he had reduced everything to rubble, "There was evidence here!"

Had he researched the puppets, he might have gotten a clue about Inala's abilities. But hearing the last line simply angered him to the extreme. He was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the pinnacle lifeform. The fact that a measly weakling dared to insult him triggered him unlike anything.

As a result, he raged, ending up destroying the cave and part of the mountain by mistake. His actions buried everything Inala had set up.

He learnt nothing and instead accumulated anger, having been outwitted by the trap setter. "Bastard, I'll remember your ugly mug! I'll be going after you next!"

"Kya!"

"What happened?"

"Part of the walls just collapsed!"

At first, the Boar King didn't care about them. As he couldn't sense or detect any traces of baby Gannala, he intended to return to the Dieng Canyon and cultivate. He felt the Mammoth Clan too was in this plan.

After all, by distracting the Boar King with baby Gannala's voice, he would always be on the move and hence wouldn't have time to build up his strength. That gave them valuable time to rest and recover their expended strength.

And now that the two herds merged into one, they had enough strength to combat his weakened self directly and kill him.

Hence, the Boar King intended to return. But suddenly, the voices of the people turned strange, filled with chirps and screeches. Wondering what was up, the Boar King peered out and noticed the Rooster Tribe, "A Ravaged Tribe?"

His eyes suddenly glinted in enlightenment upon staring at their transformation as the Boar King muttered, "There's a way to counter their traps."



Chapter 125 Blessed Race of Sumatra

"Chief, we captured the culprit that was responsible for the mass slaughter of our Clansmen." A group of masters said and knocked on the door leading into the study of the Mammoth Clansman who was in charge of the entire Mammoth Clan.

They had created a temporary settlement on the peak of a mountain—nearby the Varahan Enclave's entrance—after levelling its top, creating a place for Mammoth Clansmen from different settlements to mingle freely.

Carrying a bound Brangara and standing before the largest building was the group of masters that had captured him.

"The culprit was an Empyrean Boar?" A surprised voice resounded from inside as the doors opened.

Just as the leader of the group intended to bring in Brangara, his body failed to budge. Despite urging himself to move, he couldn't. There was no formidable pressure exerted on him, no Nature had been activated, etc.

But even with nothing being used on him, he couldn't move. No amount of struggle could make him even budge the slightest, not to mention bat an eye. Just as he was feeling suffocated due to being unable to breathe, a voice resounded, following which he could move once again.

"Sir Renduldu, please don't play around with a kid of my Clan." The Chief of the Mammoth Clan had spoken.

Once the master was able to breathe, he gasped for air and stared into the room, only now spotting a second entity in the room, seated opposite the Mammoth Clan Chief.

This entity had a humanoid body but sported an octopus head. The tentacles were faintly ethereal while a strange form of ink circulated over his body, like clouds moving through the world. They appeared and disappeared.

A glance at it and the master felt as if he had aged by a hundred years, terrified in response.

At the Mammoth Clan Chief's words, the octopus-headed entity, Renduldu laughed, "I was just joking, Undrakha. Don't mind me. I simply wanted to test the strength of an average master of your Clan."

"Surely you have better things to do…" The Mammoth Clan Chief, Undrakha sighed.

"I don't," Renduldu said without hesitation. He then stared at the group of masters and waved his hand, "We're talking here. So, run along, kids."

The group of masters stared at the Undrakha in response, scurrying away when their Chief told them to leave.

"They are pretty obedient to you," Renduldu commented. He then snapped his finger, causing Brangara's figure to appear next to them, "This kid is pretty gifted, I must say."

"An Empyrean Boar that hasn't lost its mind. That's a first." Undrakha muttered as he calmly inched his hand forward and touched Brangara's forehead, seeping in his Prana as he muttered amidst Brangara's pained cries, "Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. By gaining this after eating my Mammoth Clansmen, he can now cultivate like humans."

He stared at Renduldu solemnly, whispering, "That's similar to you. He's exhibiting the characteristics of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"For now," Renduldu didn't seem bothered by it, "But the moment he absorbs enough Primary Natures, he'll fall victim to his race's curse. There's nothing avoiding that."

"But, isn't it dangerous?" Undrakha frowned, "He might be the first among many. Isn't your race the only one blessed by Sumatra Continent to attain the Mystic Grade?"

"That is the case," Renduldu nodded.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tentacle!

Empyrean Tentacles were called the Blessed Race of Sumatra Continent. There existed only four individuals in this race. And if one of them dies, they would naturally be reborn, just as how a Parute Tree begins growing for no reason at all.

The four Empyrean Tentacles were split between the four Grades of Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic.

Iron Empyrean Tentacle, Silver Empyrean Tentacle, and Gold Empyrean Tentacle; These three lived at random locations on Sumatra Continent.

And when one of them devours the remaining two, it evolves into the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. It was that simple for this rate to attain the Mystic Grade status.

Once the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle reaches the pinnacle of cultivation and attains Transcendence, it would ascend to a higher plane, leaving Sumatra Continent.

Immediately after that, Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles are randomly spawned on Sumatra Continent. Throughout history, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast had only emerged from the Empyrean Tentacle race. There had been no exceptions.

Hence, they came to be called the Blessed Race of Sumatra.

"You know," Renduldu spoke in nostalgia, "When I was an Iron Empyrean Tentacle, I barely had any strength to fend for myself. When I was on the brink of death, your Mammoth Clan Ancestor saved me. For the next couple of centuries, she raised me as her pet, then a teacher, and eventually a friend, teaching me plenty of things."

"I eventually accumulated enough strength and experience to hunt the Silver Empyrean Tentacle. Eventually, I got the Gold Empyrean Tentacle too, becoming the first among my race where an Iron Empyrean Tentacle attained the Mystic Grade." Renduldu sighed.

"I know that already." Undrakha tilted his head in confusion, "Why are you telling it again?"

"Just because," Renduldu's eyes glimmered faintly as he stared blankly into space.

Following that, he recovered and spoke, "We're only called the Blessed Race of Sumatra because we figured our path to attain the Mystic Grade and perfected it. Why do you think other races cannot do the same?"

He stared at Undrakha, "Aren't you trying to forge a path too?"

"You're right," Undrakha nodded, "As the possibility didn't seem to exist in Sumatra, we are preparing to head into another continent."

"Why look elsewhere when there's a possibility right before you?" Renduldu smirked and pointed at Brangara, "If you use him, the Empyrean Tusks will be able to attain the final step necessary to enter Mystic Grade."

"Are you seeing it through your ability?" Undrakha asked in excitement.

"It's not clear to be frank." Renduldu said, "Only after attaining Transcendence can I see it clearly. But if I were to enter the Transcendence Stage, I would have no other choice but to ascend."

"Even if I were to make the necessary preparations up there and use the channel built by my race's Transcendents, it would take me a couple millennia to return."

"So, it'll take at least two millennia before you can help us directly." Undrakha nodded and stared at Brangara, "Well, I can think of a way to use him."

"How?" Renduldu asked in excitement as his eyes glinted.

"I'm sure you're able to see it already." Undrakha laughed, "We Mammoth Clansmen are experts at digesting things, you see."

"Interesting," Renduldu grinned and calmly patted Brangara, "Resign yourself to your fate, young brat."

Brangara wasn't even able to bat an eyelid, staring blankly like a sculpture because of whatever Renduldu had done to him. All he could do was passively hear the conversation, feeling the approaching doom.



Chapter 126 The Supreme Tusk, Gannala

"Argh…ARGHHH! RAAAGHHHH!" Brangara bellowed in pain as his blood was extracted in large amounts.

A pipe was inserted into his mouth as the crushed pulp of Parute Fruit was inserted constantly. Standing beside him was Undrakha, controlling his body.

Since Brangara had learnt the Mystic Bone Art, Undrakha was controlling that now, activating it against Brangara's wishes as the Mystic Bone Art digested the Parute Fruit pulp and rapidly regenerated his lost blood.

And from time to time, flowing through the blood was his Spirit Containers that had been broken off from his heart. Undrakha was controlling everything to ensure he shed the Spirit Containers.

Through the consumed Parute Fruits, Undrakha built Spirit Containers in Brangara by controlling the Mystic Bone Art in the latter's body.

Since Brangara had learnt Mystic Bone Art, the only way for him to cultivate further was by using it. He could no longer learn any other cultivation technique, unless he were to abolish his cultivation and start anew.

Spirit Containers flowed out of his body through the extracted blood that was stored in a large container. Seated in the container was a Mammoth Clansmen couple. The pair of man and woman absorbed the blood and digested it, gradually acclimating to it.

It took them a decade to do so, a time period no different from hell to Brangara.

Once the couple had acclimated to Brangara's special blood, they were able to get a portion of his Natures, or rather, the power in them.

Following that, the couple mated in the container.

The man burned his essence during the mating process, transforming into dust once he ejaculated. All he sent in was a single sperm, full of the genetic material he had adapted to in the past decade.

The woman was calm throughout the ordeal, accepting his sperm as she focused, able to sense it slowly but surely approach her egg.

Both of them had the Fragment Disease. They were the 1st Empyrean Tusk's children.

They planned to birth an Empyrean Tusk that was significantly more evolved than the rest by absorbing the properties of Brangara's blood.

Brangara was only missing one or two steps before he became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. So, his essence was valuable, capable of evolving even an Empyrean Tusk.

"Demons! The lot of you are Demons!" Brangara shouted shrilly, "You've turned my race into a farm crop! And now, you're drinking my blood like it's water! Is this the famed Mammoth Clan's true nature? MERE! BLOODTHIRSTY! BEASTS!"

"You are pretty animated," Undrakha commented casually and ignored his screams, instead focusing on the woman in the container, "How are you feeling?"

"I'm not sure if I can stay alive long enough to deliver the baby." The woman expressed her worries, "The energy condensing in my womb is beyond anything I've ever sensed in the women that birthed Empyrean Tusks."

"Tell me what you need." Undrakha commented casually, expressing words of one used to wielding absolute power, "I'll get you whatever you need immediately."

"Nutrient-rich food," The woman said as she felt the sperm enter her egg, "The nutritional value must be highly concentrated. After all, there's a limit to how much food I can consume. Even eating Paure Fruits nonstop won't suffice. I need something more richly concentrated."

"Hmm, will the heart of an Empyrean Boar do?" Undrakha asked, not even bothering with Brangara's despairing howls.

"That should do. But," The woman frowned, "It seems I would need too many. That might put a wrench in our plans."

"That doesn't matter." Undrakha commented, "If the need arises, we can drop half the herd. They can remain in Sumatra and continue to increase their numbers until they have amassed enough to make the trip in the future."

"The goal is to evolve. And if you succeed, we'll become ever closer to our goal."

That statement from Undrakha signed off the fate of the Empyrean Boars. For the woman's needs, all Empyrean Boars that were still alive were slaughtered mercilessly and their hearts were harvested.

Undrakha brought an Empyrean Boar's heart, frowning as it was the size of a room, "You can't consume something this big, right?"

"It'll take time, but I can do it." The woman said.

"Wait, you only need concentrated nutrients, right?" Undrakha asked, smiling upon seeing her nod as he glanced at Brangara, "I have the perfect filter."

"No! Stop! No! Please! STOP! ANYTHING BUT THIS! I beg you! Please!" Brangara roared, pleading desperately. But with a thought from Undrakha, his Mystic Bone Art flared up.

Brangara found himself transforming into his Empyrean Boar form, beyond his control. His mouth was forcefully opened as the heart of his brethren was stuffed inside.

Forced Cannibalism!

Brangara's mind snapped as he didn't even know what had happened. All he felt before the snap was an absolutely, irreversible disgusting sensation of digesting his brethren.

The Empyrean Boar's heart was digested as a torrent of energy filled Brangara's body. And the blood extracted from his body was no different from an Elixir. No, it was the highest grade of Elixir.

The woman relished the elixir-like blood, "This is better than I thought. I never knew such a concentration of Prana and nutrients could ever be attained."

"This is the result from stuffing a single Empyrean Boar heart down his throat." Undrakha smiled, "Wait until I stuff more of them."

For the period of the next nine months, all surviving Empyrean Boars had been killed. Their hearts were stuffed into Brangara and the resultant blood was extracted and consumed by the woman who finally gave birth to a human girl.

At her birth, all 188 Empyrean Tusks trumpeted in unison, expressing their joy. The 1st Empyrean Tusk proclaimed at that moment, transferring a lot of information to the baby.

[Her name is Gannala, the Supreme Tusk!]

In their language, Gannala translated to Supreme Tusk. Even though Gannala wasn't a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, it seemed she had the potential to become one. A route towards Mystic Grade had been opened for her, something that wasn't available for the other Empyrean Tusks.

All 188 Empyrean Tusks seeped a bit of their essence into her, providing her with the wealth of information they had each accumulated.

The accumulation of each Empyrean Tusk varied due to the lives their respective Mammoth Clansmen lived. It was a collation of their thoughts, experiences, ideas, etc.

Gannala gained a portion from everyone, starting at a point way ahead of other newborn Empyrean Tusks, also sporting the longest road in terms of potential.

'You! YOU!' Brangara glared at the newborn Gannala, 'I'll kill you! You were born through the deaths of my race! I'll KILL YOU!'

Unfortunately for him, he was too outclassed in this place where the Mammoth Clan's power was condensed.

Moreover, the presence of Renduldu, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle ensured he could never escape his plight which was worse than farm produce.

Renduldu casually walked past Brangara and lifted up Gannala, announcing excitedly, "It's unclear, but I can sense it."

"The route to Mystic Grade has been unlocked in her."

His announcement was the confirmation they were all waiting for, both Mammoth Clan and Empyrean Tusks.

Soon, Varahan Enclave was filled with the joyous trumpeting of the Empyrean Tusks.



Chapter 127 Bolt of Transcendence

100 Empyrean Tusks passed through the Varahan Enclave and exited Sumatra Continent, treading through the Sandy-Grey Void.

88 Empyrean Tusks had been left behind as the resources meant for them had been used for Gannala's birth.

Their original plan was to continue farming Empyrean Boars for another two decades. But in their hurry to birth Gannala, they ended up eradicating the Empyrean Boar race. As a result, 88 Empyrean Tusks were left behind.

The strongest 100 were leaving with Gannala in order to complete the route she had gained while the remaining 88 would build up their strength. And once they accumulated enough, they would follow the first herd to the other continent.

The herd of 100 had already discussed with the second herd, making note of some signs that the leading herd would leave behind in the Sandy-Grey Void. That would serve as a route indicator for the second herd.

The 88 Empyrean Tusks turned around from the Varahan Enclave's entrance and headed deeper into Sumatra Continent, returning to their original route.

Meanwhile, the herd of 100 Empyrean Tusks began their journey through the Sandy-Grey Void.

Two years since the journey began, Renduldu played around with Gannala who had already taken on her Empyrean Tusk form.

"Her growth is staggering," Renduldu commented as he was punched in the face by Gannala's trunk. "She's at a level above the rest of you."

Even though he was talking to Undrakha, he was addressing the 1st Empyrean Tusk through him.

In response, the 1st Empyrean Tusk relayed its thoughts to Undrakha who then communicated it with Renduldu, "She's happily aware of that."

"Happily aware, huh?" Renduldu nodded as he got up, patting Gannala when her tiny trunk continued to coil around the tentacles dangling from his face and pull them, hard.

Of course, her strength didn't even tickle him. Even the 1st Empyrean Tusk's full-powered attack would hardly bruise him, for he was a pinnacle existence.

"It's time," Renduldu spoke suddenly, causing the 1st Empyrean Tusk to stop abruptly, "I cannot hold back any longer."

"Is it time already?" Undrakha sighed.

"Yeah," Renduldu nodded, "If I hold back my cultivation any longer, I'm afraid I'll invoke divine punishment. It's time I accept the Transcendence Stage and ascend."

"And I want you to accompany me," Renduldu stared at Undrakha, "When I enter one of those worlds in the sky, I want a friend to support me."

"I'm…not strong enough, I'm afraid." Undrakha smiled wryly, "Especially when compared to you."

"Only to me, yes." Renduldu chuckled, "But don't forget that you're a solid second place in Sumatra. I haven't seen a cultivator or Pranic Beast stronger than you in my long life. You're on a level similar to the Mammoth Ancestor. Hence, I want you to come with me."

"Besides," His eyes glinted, "You too are approaching your limit. You have been at the peak for too long. You won't be able to hold back long enough for this journey to end."

"But it's a dangerous journey." Undrakha said in worry, "I need to be here in case of an emergency."

[It's alright! You can go! Your ancestor has been requesting me to send reinforcements for a while! You're needed more above than here!]

"If you're the one saying that, then I can be at peace." Undrakha sighed and stared at Renduldu, "It seems my ancestor is facing some issues in the Transcendent World."

"Then, that's another reason for you to come with me." Renduldu nodded, "As long as we have a mark in the Transcendent World, our race will continue to exist here."

"So, there's nothing for you to worry about." Renduldu nodded.

"Do I kill Brangara? He's my source of worry." Undrakha said, "As long as I'm here, even if he becomes a Mystic Beast, I can easily deal with him. But it'll be troublesome in my absence."

"It seems you have remained strong for too long." Renduldu snorted, "Protect them too much and they'll grow weak. As long as they aren't annihilated, any harm is merely training. Struggle is the primary component necessary for evolution."

"Isn't the reason the herd is leaving Sumatra because it's too easy for them there?" Renduldu stared and spoke with an admonishing tone, "So, a threat is necessary."

"It seems you know something I don't." Undrakha asked, "Care to tell me?"

"I can't," Renduldu shook his head, "I'll be erased if I were to do that."

"Fine," Sighing in response, Undrakha lovingly patted Gannala who hugged him with her trunk, "Grow big and strong, okay?"

"You'll lead us into a new era."

10-Life Stage!

His ten lives began to merge into one as a torrent of power surged in Undrakha, resulting in a terrifying energy storm that forced the herd to stop. It only took a second as the ten lives merged into one, becoming a terrifying entity, one that had completed its cultivation journey, a true Deific Being.

Transcendence!

At the same time, both Undrakha and Renduldu attained Transcendence, causing the energy storm to grow bigger. The settlement buildings were affected in response as some of them broke.

Had they not been at the Sandy-Grey Void where everything was assimilated into the region, damage by the storm would have been substantial, even if the herd didn't come into contact with it.

The energy storm soon condensed into a tornado that connected the ground to the sky, entering one of the worlds hovering beyond reach in the sky. Terrifying energy currents ran through it, possessing enough destructive power to scorch a continent itself.

Only someone at the Transcendent Stage could withstand it. And even for them, it was hard. Undrakha and Renduldu grunted in pain as numerous wounds formed on their Transcendent bodies.

But suddenly, their faces paled as a bolt of current in the energy storm was seemingly attracted out. It slammed into a building where Brangara was held captive. Once the building was vaporised, the figure of Brangara inside was revealed.

He had currently activated all his Natures. For the past twelve years, all he consumed were Empyrean Boar hearts. And pretty much all Natures stored in his body was that of his race.

Once he activated them all simultaneously, the presence of an Empyrean Boar in him strengthened to the extreme, making him have the same presence as that of a Transcendent.

That confused the energy storm for a moment. And to judge his qualifications, it sent an energy current his way, which he used to destroy his bindings.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

By activating the two at the same time, Brangara transformed into an Empyrean Boar and absorbed the energy bolt. Even though its destructive power ought to have destroyed him, since he was currently being reinforced by hundreds of Empyrean Boar Primary Natures, his body withstood it.

Moreover, he was even able to consume the energy bolt, an unprecedented event. Troves of information appeared in his mind as Brangara commented, watching the two Transcendents head farther and farther up into the sky, unable to return, "So, those bolts are filled to the brim with information."

"I'm envious." He grinned like a maniac as the absorbed information was an extreme on its own. And it allowed him to condense his final Nature.

Secondary Nature—Astral Chart!

It seemed the Bolt of Transcendence was the last puzzle necessary for his race's evolution as Brangara mutated, attaining the pinnacle status, the status of supreme in Sumatra Continent that to date had been held by only one race, breaking the custom.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!



Chapter 128 Empyrean Boar King’s Ravaged Tribe

"Oh, Fuck!" Undrakha and Renduldu exclaimed in unison as their bodies vanished, transported into the Transcendent World hovering far away in the sky.

Brangara's abilities evolved once he became the Empyrean Boar King. He finally entered the Body Stage which didn't seem possible until then. And since he already had his Pranic Beast form, that became his body.

Since his body had already attained maturity, Brangara reached the peak of the Body Stage.

The Mammoth Clansmen atop the 1st Empyrean Tusk rushed at him, intending to put an end to his life. In response, he bellowed, "Not so fast, fuckers. You tortured me until now. From today, the roles have been reversed!"

Since he was currently being reinforced by over a hundred Primary Natures of Voracious Nature, Brangara was at his strongest. He raised his hand and slammed forth, destroying the settlement, and sending everyone flying.

Swathes of bone forming the 1st Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton began to flow like the sea as it was entering its battle form.

He knew better than to challenge it, for even in his current state, one hit from it, and he would die. Instead, Brangara used the Sandy-Grey Void to his advantage and leaped off from the 1st Empyrean Tusk, disappearing in the darkness.

He circled around them, making a calculation based on their travel route as he rushed to the herd's back and targeted the 100th Empyrean Tusk, injuring it since it was still in its energy-saving form.

[Gannala is missing!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk's roar alerted all 100 Empyrean Tusks into action as they searched around while fighting against Brangara's sneak attacks. In the chaos, they veered off from the designated route, causing the legs of the Empyrean Tusks to begin sinking.

The battle raged for eight long years, resulting in the deaths of six Empyrean Tusks. As Brangara never fought them directly but instead harassed them with sneak attacks, they took significant losses.

Moreover, whenever he wished to rest, he transformed into a human and actually took refuge in a Settlement. Once he had rested and recovered, he silently escaped, transformed into the Empyrean Boar King, and returned to attack them, making it seem as if he was tracking them through the Sandy-Grey Void.

By the time the Empyrean Tusks figured out his plan, six of them were already dead, consumed by him. Moreover, the energy he obtained from swallowing six Empyrean Tusks allowed him to keep fighting without rest.

Only after he stops using his abilities will the activated Primary Natures disappear from his body. Since he had enough Prana to supply for their activation, thanks to the Empyrean Boar corpses, he continued to harass them.

But after a while, he hit his limit when the Sandy-Grey Void became increasingly treacherous. In the end, he had to stop the hunt and return to Sumatra Continent. Even though only six Empyrean Tusks had been killed, that day signalled the rise of a predator that targeted even Empyrean Tusks alone.

Soon, the name of Boar King resounded throughout Sumatra Continent, feared by all, a terrifying Pranic Beast with an insatiable appetite that hunted even Empyrean Tusks.

Since there were still 88 Empyrean Tusks left behind on Sumatra Continent, the Boar King intended to wipe them out first. After that, he would follow the first herd into the new continent and slaughter them all there.

…

Staring at the Rooster Tribe, the Boar King muttered, "Seeing the Sandy-Grey Void here made me recall my horrifying past."

He sighed and thought about the Mammoth Clan, "Through the Mammoth Clansmen, the Empyrean Tusks increase their numbers. Before the arrival of the Mammoth Clan Ancestor, they were merely a Ravaged Tribe that were slaves to the Empyrean Tusks."

"No, they weren't even Empyrean Tusks back then." He nodded and calmly observed the Rooster Tribesmen flailing about in fluster to notify the Rockatrice about the broken wall, "I'm alone. My race has been annihilated. But,"

His eyes glinted in excitement, "If I create a Ravaged Tribe of my own and make them evolve into Clansmen, as long as I take the same route as the Empyrean Tusks, I should be able to create my brethren through them."

"Hahaha!" He roared in laughter, "You fucker that lured me into the trap. You just enlightened me with hope."

"I'll raise my brethren and casually erase your kind." He was confident, especially with the information he had accumulated, "In three generations, I'll create my Clansmen."

The Boar King's figure flashed through the region, observing all five Tribesmen. He spent a month obtaining enough data. Once satisfied, he left the region, making a beeline towards the Varahan Enclave. 'There's a Kingdom of Free Humans five thousand kilometres away from my home. I'll turn them all into my Ravaged Tribe.'

He jumped through the kilometre-wide Sandy-Grey Void, noting down the Mudropper's position along the way, 'It seems to be preparing to lay down more of its kind. That's better. I'll return when there's a bunch of them and swallow the Primary Natures of half of them.'

Originally, the Boar King that should have faced the Empyrean Tusk herd and Mammoth Clan alone has now veered in a completely different direction.

Inala's plan intended to make the Boar King fall prey to the trap and hence think of all future cries from baby Gannala as traps too. That indeed worked spectacularly.

From Inala's perspective, that was a resounding success. Now, he didn't have to worry about the Boar King chasing after him until baby Gannala matured. Even if he did, Inala could simply law down another such trap, fooling the Boar King once again.

Fool him enough times and in the future, even if he hears the cries of a baby Empyrean Tusk, the Boar King would shy away from making the journey. Until here, things had gone as planned.

But the result was a blunder. Originally, the entity that was strong enough to not need anyone now desired to repopulate his race.

And if he succeeds, under the Boar King would be an army of intelligent Empyrean Boars that had full control over their abilities.

The army of Empyrean Boars would face the Empyrean Tusks. And whatever Clan Brangara creates would end up facing the Mammoth Clan.

The endgame changed from a single, overpowered enemy to an overpowered enemy with an army. It was unknown who would face the brunt of this blunder. But as part of the Mammoth Clan, all reincarnates were in the same situation.

From now on, no matter where in the world they hid themselves, the Boar King wouldn't bother with them. Instead, the Clan serving him would scour throughout Sumatra Continent to weed out any hiding Mammoth Clansmen.

The birth of baby Gannala already changed the plot once, causing the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusk herd to clash prematurely. And now, Inala's blunder changed the plot further, resulting in the birth of an opposing force.



Chapter 129 Virala’s Windfall

A month ago, at the Dieng Canyon, an hour before baby Gannala's cries resounded thanks to Inala's trap.

A figure skipped past the reddish lava streams that were beginning to cool down. Each lava stream varied in size, from a couple metres thick to dozens of metres. A solid layer had already begun to form over all of them once it began to rain.

The Empyrean Tusk herd was still sorting through the merger, deciding on the ranks of the various Empyrean Tusks based on established factors.

The Mammoth Clans under Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk were now homeless. Therefore, they were building large transports to travel through while their respective Empyrean Tusks grew.

Gannala was with Inala and Harrala was with Grehha. Since both had completed the inheritance ceremonies, the Mammoth Clansmen under Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk respectively only had to wait.

Of course, they couldn't cultivate or develop until then, but that didn't matter. Being unable to develop for a decade or two didn't matter as they held onto hope. It was vastly better than a hopeless situation with their Deities dead and without successors.

While the herd and Mammoth Clan sorted through various stuff, a figure had slipped away, making way to the region where the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusk herd had battled.

It was Virala!

Sporting an expression of excitement, he continued to skip past the lava rivers. As toxic fumes billowed from the lava, not to mention the mountains in the region mostly destroyed, there were no Zingers in the vicinity.

'To think even Dieng Canyon would be this peaceful.' He thought and raised his pace, skipping past the larger lava rivers, feeling the region only grow hotter as he continued in that direction.

Soon, he arrived before a sphere that was a metre in diameter. Lava streams surrounded it, still billowing despite the rains. But forming a contrast was this sphere, cold to the touch.

Virala patted it, sensing his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation react in response, hyped up, 'It's there! Holy Shit! It's a windfall!'

This was the sphere formed as a result of Harrala's suicidal charge. After swallowing Gannala's corpse, Harrala collapsed the gravity in her body, causing the concentrated mass to pull particles towards each other.

The particles compressed and piled upon each other, resulting in a fusion reaction, birthing a star that was alive for a second before falling to the ground like a piece of rock. Moreover, before the star's birth, the Boar King's body too was consumed by it.

Thereafter, the power of the Boar King, Gannala, and Harrala was in this metre-wide sphere. Due to the fusion reaction, the powers of the three could have been broken down and destroyed. The possibility of that was very high.

But it seemed Voracious Nature had a stronger influence this time, as until the birth of the star, both Harrala and the Boar King were alive.

And it seemed during the fusion process, these Natures too fused into one, becoming a mysterious power.

Virala only intended to check if it could be used through his power. And once he activated Weaponisation, he realised that it was indeed possible, 'The strongest Nature exists in it.'

Of course, he wished to claim it for himself immediately. Without any hesitation, Virala touched the sphere and seeped his Prana through it, activating his secondary Nature of Weaponisation to check how many conditions he had to achieve before gaining possession of it.

17,610 Conditions!

"This is…absurd!" Virala sighed. It would take him forever to gain ownership of the Nature inside the sphere. But the fact that it required so many conditions was a testament to its power.

Depending on its power, the Primary Nature of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast or human equivalent required anywhere from 1 to 100 conditions. The majority of the conditions were easy to achieve.

Touch with Prana, nudge the owner, make the owner feel happy once, etc. All conditions were easy to achieve. They only took time to complete.

For a Primary Nature from a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the conditions ranged in the three digits, four digits for Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

And finally, for Primary Nature on the level of Mystic Grade, the conditions exceeded 10,000.

Virala had no idea of what Nature existed in the sphere, but he knew that it would become his trump card, 'No matter how long it takes, I'll make it mine.'

He then took out a One-Storey Storage Lantern and stored the sphere in it, watching it fully occupy the space within. After shrinking the Storage Lantern, Virala slung it to his hip and casually looked around, intending to return.

He had just turned around when he was stunned to see Resha standing there, twenty metres away, calm, collected. Seeing Resha's countenance made Virala nervous, 'Damn! What is he thinking now?'

"Say," Resha spoke calmly, "What were you doing here?"

'How long was he watching me?' Virala wasn't aware. Therefore, making a lie here would only garner Resha's ire, 'He's currently strong enough to kill me easily. I can't talk to him like before.'

His mind spun in overdrive as Virala quickly thought up a solution, 'I guess using the truth is for my best here. I have the perfect plan in mind.'

Virala pointed at his One-Storey Storage Lantern, "I stored that sphere in here."

"Why?" Resha asked.

"Are you truly unaware?" Virala acted like he was irritated by the stupid question, "Or are you simply messing with me?"

"Answer me," Resha said.

'Fuck!' Virala's back was drenched with cold sweat. Resha typically asked this question right before deciding to go for the kill. That was in his character.

Keeping a handle on his emotions, Virala controlled his body language to be casual and shrugged nonchalantly, "It's to research and find out the Boar King's weakness."

"How?" Resha asked.

"You know about Prana Shock, right?" Virala asked, "It's the Primary Nature of a Shock Lizard."

"I know," Resha nodded. This was the most commonly fused with Pranic Beast among the elites. So, every Mammoth Clansman was aware of it.

"Well, mine's somewhat special," Viral said, equipping two Prana Shock Natures in his slots as he activated them simultaneously and placed his hand on the ground, causing minor fluctuations to spread out.

The waves were faint, not even disturbing the natural layout of the place. Even Resha could only sense it minutely. After a moment of observation, he muttered, "You fused with a Shock Lizard?"

"Do I seem that lacking in greed?" Virala scoffed.

"You're a greedy bastard," Resha said.

"Right," Virala laughed at the right answer, "So, I took a gamble and stole a certain egg stashed away by one of the Zinger colonies."

"It belongs to a Mutant version of the Shock Lizard." Virala snickered, "And through its power, I can unleash minor waves of Prana through an object and learn of its intricacies."

"That's how I intend to figure out the Boar King's weakness."



Chapter 130 Virala Taunts Resha

"I see," Resha nodded and turned silent.

The silence only caused Virala to break out in cold sweat further, 'What the fuck is wrong with this guy?'

Virala was completely bluffing. He was simply using two Prana Shocks at the same time to unleash a combined effect that seemed on par with the Primary Nature of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

The Boar King had previously demonstrated the ability by using ten Prana Shocks simultaneously. That level of power was tremendous. Upon seeing that, Virala was inspired to create the perfect cover for his power.

During the chaos, he sneak attacked two Mammoth Clansmen that had recently become elites. They had fused with a Shock Lizard. Hence, he obtained two Nature Weapons with the power of Prana Shock.

By equipping them, he could behave as if he chanced upon a Mutated Shock Lizard egg and fused with it. The blame could easily be placed on the Zingers. After all, Zingers indeed raided and stole the eggs of other Pranic Beasts.

So, it wasn't unusual for one to chance upon an egg or two in a Zinger colony. Many in the shelter at the 43rd Settlement had witnessed him leap out and board a Zinger to crash into a Zinger colony. That served as an alibi for him obtaining this power.

He could easily say that he was desperate due to the sheer power displayed by the Zingers during the First Major Disaster. Hence, he had taken such risks, especially since as a Death Row student, that was his only option. He only had two more months left to live.

'A Shock Lizard, really? After everything this guy did before, he obtained the power of a Shock Lizard?' Resha found it hard to believe. But the effects he witnessed were proof enough, 'What made him obtain such a power?'

The six reincarnates knew things from his past life. And they took action and did things that he could never even think about. Resha failed to understand how that was possible.

He intended to interrogate Grehha later. And with that in mind, he followed Virala from some distance away, wondering what the latter did. He felt the most threatened by Virala for some reason.

And hence, if he still perceived the threat, he intended to deal with the latter right here. There would be no problems if he were to do that.

"So, what are you here for?" Virala didn't give Resha time to think, instead asking, "Surely you didn't coincidentally chance upon me this far away from our settlement?"

"Let's see…" Resha calmly condensed a bone hammer and gripped its handle tight. An instant later, he flickered towards Virala, "Why don't you reveal whatever you're hiding?"

Prana Shock (x2)!

Virala charged up two waves of Prana Shock in both hands and clapped aloud, unleashing an arc of shockwave that slammed into Resha, barely managing to halt him for an instant. Virala clapped repeatedly, sending stronger waves, grunting as even though the ground cracked in response to his power, all it did was hold Resha in place.

But a second later, Resha calmly walked towards Virala, causing him to curse mentally, 'Fucking monster! This isn't even doing anything to him."

"Why are you imitating that bastard?" Resha changed the hammer into a spear and thrust forth,? puncturing Virala in the gut, "That's the fastest way to trigger me."

Virala was indeed imitating the Boar King, for that was the greatest display of power he could reference.

"Guh!" Virala coughed out blood as he almost fainted from being stabbed in the gut. The spear peeked out from his back, dripping blood, "Bastard!"

"Are you that desperate to kill us all?" Virala spat the blood that had collected in his mouth, intending to splash it upon Resha's face and blind the latter. But the blood simply swerved around the latter and splattered on the ground.

"Why do you care?" Resha retracted the spear and stabbed again, "I can do whatever I want, alright?"

"Fucker, you're trying to kill me. Of course, I care about that." Virala grunted as a sphere of Prana hovered before him, blinding as it became conical in shape. Immediately in response, it unleashed a concentrated beam on Resha, sending him skidding back by a few metres.

The frequency of shockwaves impacting Resha every second continued to increase, from ten to twenty, to thirty, increasing steadily as Virala's Prana levels dropped alarmingly.

"Guh!" Virala dropped to the ground, exhausted as blood continued to drip out of his body. Suddenly, a bone slab fell out.

Resha glanced at it as the bone slab flew towards him. He grabbed it and inspected it, "A Spy Bone detector?"

"Look into it, you'll be surprised." Virala wheezed as blood continued to drip out of his body. By now, he had sneakily seeped two charges into the ground that moved underground and exploded from underneath a lava stream.

The concentrated shockwaves sent the lava flying like a geyser, impacting Resha from two sides. But all they did was swerve around him, with not even a drop touching him.

Resha didn't retaliate and instead brimmed with anger as he growled, "Who did you place this Spy Bone Fragment upon?"

"Blola," Virala said, continuing to unleash more lava geysers on Resha, "After I fused with the Mutated Shock Lizard egg, the mountain I was upon collapsed. When I recovered, I noticed Blola returning. I sneaked this on him during then."

"And unlike me, he was stronger." Virala commented, "From what I know, I can conclude what he did."

"You didn't forget the conversation we had at Ennoudu Plains, right?" He taunted.

In response, Resha lashed forth with a sword that expanded in length, intending to sever Virala into two. But suddenly, a plate of energy formed between the two, casually tanking the attack.

Resha looked around, unable to determine where it came from. 'Did Virala do it? Is he finally revealing his trump card?'

He then noticed Virala charging a powerful attack, one strong enough to even send him flying. But it was simply a powerful attack using Prana Shock. The mysterious energy slab seemed to be someone else's.

"Attack a Clansman one more time, and I'll eliminate you." A cold voice brimming with authority resounded.

"Tch!" Resha realised the Mammoth Clan Chief had taken action. He was the Chief of the larger herd that arrived at the end of their fight with the Boar King. And even after the merger, he was still the Chief.

After all, he had reached the peak of cultivation. There didn't exist an opponent that could challenge him. Only powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and the Boar King were his opponents.

He could control an entire region without personally moving, all thanks to his special ability. The fact that such a person had taken action meant Resha could forget killing Virala.

"Consider yourself lucky." Resha snorted.

"I have been nice to you all along, but you dared try to kill me not once, but twice. Fine then, I'll stop showing you mercy." Virala calmly got up, despite his injuries as he snorted, "Blola returned an Empyrean Tusk, just like you. Do you know what that means?"

"You orphaned bastard!"



