Chapter 91 Empyrean Tusks Vs Boar King (Part 1)

"What the hell happened?" Resha was stunned when the blood churning in Gannala's heart turned stale. The muscles were beginning to sport tears while the cage of bone surrounding the organ cracked rapidly.

"Wasn't there still time…?" Resha wondered before he stared at himself, "I see, so I was the one that accelerated her death."

Resha condensed strength in his legs and shot out of the heart, using the ruptured blood vessel to enter a channel. He looked around in fluster, watching the channel beginning to shatter, "There's no longer any presence of her Primary Nature here."

His heart lurched as Resha could conclude, watching everything in his vicinity shatter, "It happened, huh."

Gannala was dead!

He choked up, feeling an urge to cry. But knowing very well of the important matters at hand, he rushed out, intending to protect the Clan and minimise damage to a minimum, 'Once these channels finish collapsing, the space within the organs would rupture and cause all the resources in them to spill out. It would be akin to a volcanic eruption.'

In his previous life, this eruption killed more Mammoth Clansmen than the Zingers. The explosion didn't just shave the Mammoth Clan population, but also injured more than a dozen Empyrean Tusks, drastically bringing down their fighting power.

It was a vicious cycle following that, an unending downward spiral until their eventual annihilation. Without wasting any time, Resha jumped out of a channel and arrived at the surface, stunned to see a shadow loom over him, "Oh! Fuck!"

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk was falling towards him. With a snap of his finger, Resha caused Gannala's exoskeleton bone nearby to flow towards him like water and condense into a spear. Its ends extended into a rope that he held.

"Urk!" Followed by a grunt, Resha threw the bone spear towards a Baobab tree far away, accurately hooking it. He lightened his body to the limit and tugged the rope, flying towards the cliff. Upon reaching the peak, he turned around and stared in shock, watching the 43rd Empyrean Tusk collapse upon the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

And the cause was an individual at the sight of whom, Resha shuddered in fright. An instant later, he raged, "Boar!"

"Isn't this Gannala?" The Boar King uttered in surprise after making the 43rd Empyrean Tusk fall. His figure flickered and appeared before the 44th Empyrean Tusk's eyes. He plunged his hand and pulled out her hill-sized eye, clicking his tongue as he turned it into paste.

Looking no different from a human but sporting strength to move mountains, that was the Boar King. He clenched his hand into a fist and increased its density before slamming down a punch, causing tremors to ripple throughout Gannala's head as her skull shattered.

"Come on! Why are you dead before I could kill you? That isn't fair, you know?" Even though he complained, his fists didn't stop moving, caving in Gannala's head, "Your blasted herd annihilated my entire race. Isn't it courtesy to remain alive until I exact my revenge?"

"Wait a second…Ah, I see." He grinned, "No wonder. It makes sense now."

"Kurr-Rhaaa-Alalala!" Followed by a thunderous trumpet, a trunk slammed into him and sent him flying.

The Boar King crashed into a mountain and emerged from the other side, stopping only after penetrating ten such mountains. Laying in the rubble of the last mountain he crashed into, the Boar King expressed admiration as a trail of blood leaked out of his nose, "That was a tough punch!"

He stared at the Empyrean Tusk that had attacked him, grinning as he jumped onto a mountain peak and stared down at his opponent, "Considering your strength, you must be the leader of this herd."

The one that had attacked him was the 1st Empyrean Tusk, the leader of the herd and their strongest. Only it had enough strength to actually injure the Boar King.

"Let's see…oh, where are my manners…" The Boar King coughed once before speaking. But this time, his voice was audible only to the Empyrean Tusks.

[Gannala finished her inheritance ceremony, right? So, that baby is the new Gannala? Don't worry. I'll go kill her after annihilating the lot of you! Your race will end at your generation!]

Phew!

Suddenly, all 43 Empyrean Tusks ejected their respective Mammoth Clansmen, gathering them on a mountain.

Immediately in response, the settlement structures covering their bodies melted to create a uniform surface, raising the strength of the exoskeleton.

[Wow, you're gearing up for battle pretty quickly!]

At the Boar King's comment, the Empyrean Tusks snorted and completed their preparations. Their exoskeleton moved across their body like a river, constantly circulating from head to toe. Their joints too had morphed to allow dextrous and flexible movements.

Their Primary Nature was activated in full swing, consuming the resources stored in their bodies at a tremendous pace. Their bodies became heavy, causing the ground to begin sinking naturally.

Upon seeing their actions, the Zingers immediately vacated the region, creating a battle space of three dozen kilometres that was bereft of their existence. It was a large enough space for these Deity-like existences to duke it out.

"Kukugaaa!" A shout resounded through their community as they further widened the encirclement. Most of the Zingers retreated deeper into the Dieng Canyon's core, afraid.

Terrifying pressure crept upon the region, causing the mountains to faintly tremble in response as 43 Empyrean Tusks and the Boar King stood in a face-off. It lasted for two minutes before being broken by the Boar King.

"Come! Today is the day I eradicate the Empyrean Tusks!" The Boar King roared as he leaped, entering hypersonic speeds as he made a beeline towards the 1st Empyrean Tusk, intending to deal with the leader of the herd first.

As long as the leader died, the rest were easy picking.

In response to his lunge, the 1st Empyrean Tusk pointed its trunk at him and blew out a stream of high-pressured water, instantly negating his momentum.

The moment he was stopped, a shadow loomed over him as the 2nd Empyrean Tusk leaped into the sky, rapidly moving its centre of gravity in a circle as it began to spin. Using the motion, it unfurled its trunk like a whip and slammed the Boar King into the ground, creating an earthquake as dozens of mountains collapsed.

Following suit was the 3rd Empyrean Tusk that stomped upon the ground, reverberating shockwaves through it that accurately acted upon the buried Boar King and sent him flying out.

By now, 24 Empyrean Tusks had taken a circular formation, having compressed air in their trunks to the limit as the snots were pointed at the Boar King. Right as he came in position, all 24 Empyrean Tusks unleashed an ultrasonic soundwave, concentrating everything onto their enemy.

"Urgh!" The Mammoth Clansmen grunted in pain as their eardrums ruptured merely from the faint dregs of sound waves that wafted out.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk rushed toward them and stood between them and the shockwaves, protecting them. This way, while it protected the Mammoth Clan, the stronger Empyrean Tusks could focus on fighting the Boar King.

The Mammoth Clansmen stared agape at the scene of mountains casually being destroyed like they were paper cards. Such was the peerless might of the Empyrean Tusks, worshipped as Deities by the Mammoth Clan.

And these Deities had gone all out in order to vanquish their foe.



Chapter 92 Empyrean Tusks Vs Boar King (Part 2)

Secondary Nature—Astral Chart!

The ultrasonic sounds combined into a cluster and impacted the Boar King's body, rattling him down to the minutest of cells. It wasn't a mere sound attack, but one directed at his weakness. The Empyrean Tusk group of 24 constantly varied the ultrasonic sounds until they figured out his body's resonant frequency.

It is a sound frequency at which an object vibrates the maximum. When a sound wave reaches the natural frequency, the target vibrates the maximum, hence terming the phenomenon resonance. And when a body reaches resonance, its molecular structure vibrates the maximum, causing the bonds to weaken and over time, rupture.

As a result, blood spurted out of the Boar King's body, causing him damage. But suddenly, the resonant frequency of his body changed as his density morphed, reaching new levels, thought impossible for even Empyrean Tusks. The reason…

Astral Chart—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Astral Chart—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The Boar King stacked the effects of two Natures, with both being Internal Inertial Gravity, raising his density to the limit. The sounds impacting him were suddenly reflected to the source, causing the 24 Empyrean Tusks to blank out for a moment.

"You made me use a second Nature," The Boar King commented. But this time, he was truly pissed. The wounds on his body healed in an instant as he growled, "Since it has come to this, let me add a few more Natures."

Astral Chart—Prana Shock!

Astral Chart—Prana Shock!

.

.

.

Astral Chart—Prana Shock (x8)!

The Boar King inhaled slowly before clapping his hands in quick succession, unleashing waves of Prana Shocks at his targets, causing the Empyrean Tusks to slide backward, even when they had raised their body weight to the limit.

Deep groves formed on the ground as the Empyrean Tusks grunted.

Two Empyrean Tusk Primary Natures and eight Shock Lizard Primary Natures, for a total of ten. The Boar King combined their power to unleash waves of shock that repeatedly slammed into his opponents, preventing them from even moving under the attacks.

Every time the Boar King clapped, a powerful shockwave was unleashed, causing ripples to course over the exoskeleton armour on the Empyrean Tusks. He especially focused on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, intending to weaken it.

"He's slightly gotten serious," Virala commented from underneath a pile of rubble. The mountain he had taken shelter in had collapsed long ago. Thankfully, he had turned his body dense enough to not sustain damage from the impact.

"So, that's the Boar King." A voice resounded from behind him, stunning Virala.

Virala turned around in reflex and almost shot out a Mud Ball, stopping upon seeing the individual, "Blola? Why did you return?"

"I thought you planned to flee to a human kingdom."

"I returned just now." Blola said as he gasped in exhaustion and plopped on a pile of rubble, "I plan to hole myself in a human kingdom. But first, I need to gather enough resources to satisfy my cultivation requirements. I have no intentions to completely cut off my connection with the Mammoth Clan."

"I'll take up some mission from the Clan and use it to hide in a human kingdom."

'That means this gloomy guy is still part of the race.' Virala thought, grunting when a shockwave slammed into him, destroying the rubble further. "Damn, he's going wild."

"He's still holding back." Blola muttered as he defended himself with his Primary Nature and commented, "You know his fight against Resha at the climax. He doesn't stop at merely using ten Natures. Besides, except two, the rest are from Shock Lizards, merely Natures of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Once he becomes serious, he'll use stronger Natures."

The Secondary Nature of Astral Chart was a list of Natures accumulated by the Boar King, his speciality. The function of this Nature was to use these stored Natures. Of course, it had a limitation in that once activated, the Nature would vanish from the list after the Boar King stopped using them.

Meaning, the ten Natures he was using would vanish once he stopped fighting. Something like that didn't matter to the Boar King though; he could easily gather more Natures.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

The Primary Nature of every Pranic Beast devoured by the Boar King would be collected in his body. And through Astral Chart, he could list and store the necessary ones and eject out the rest.

These two Natures combined turned the Boar King into the most broken of existences. After all, Voracious Nature allowed him to collect the Primary Natures of every Pranic Beast he consumes. And Astral Chart allows him to selectively store 100 Natures.

That didn't end at that. If the need arises, the Boar King could activate all 100 Natures at the same time and stack their effects on each other. This aspect was what made him a broken character.

Just having the Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity made an existence stand at the peak of Sumatra. But what about two? Three? Or even more? It was simply a matter of how absurd one could get. That was the Boar King.

"I know that he's holding back." Virala snorted, "That's why we haven't been pulverised by the shockwaves. If he stacks one more Internal Inertial Gravity, this region is doomed."

While they conversed, the duo checked each other out by observing how they reacted to the shockwaves reaching them.

'This madman indeed killed the baby Empyrean Tusk Resha's parents were bringing to us. Since they're not here, he probably killed them too. That's perfect.' Virala thought, 'I can reveal this information to Resha and get Blola killed.'

'I'm pretty sure this psycho pieced things together. He's smart at such things. But, it doesn't matter. I have the same power as Resha.' Blola thought, 'I can survive a fight against him. Besides, I only plan to trade with the Clan and run away.'

Blola smirked suddenly upon completing his observation of Virala, 'I'm not sure how he became an Empyrean Tusk, but his Internal Inertial Gravity is weaker than mine. I can take this chance to kill him.'

It seemed Virala felt his intention as tensions rose in the air. The duo accumulated power in their bodies, about to unleash their abilities. But in unison, they stopped, their attention diverted to the battle of Deities.

There was a new contender.

[You fell to your knees!]

The Boar King commented as the 1st Empyrean Tusk lost its footing due to the nonstop shockwaves and kneeled. It was panting, having sustained a lot of injuries from the battle.

The Boar King was just about to clap once more when a green bubble enveloped him, reflecting the shockwaves back to him. For a moment, he was stunned by the shockwaves.

Unable to endure the power, the bubble burst as the Boar King glared at the source, spotting a teenager amongst the crowd of Mammoth Clansmen, "You're a bold one."

'Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!' Grehha was losing his mind. His Prana was slowly leaking out of his body due to his fluster as it was his attack that interrupted the Boar King just now. And upon gaining the attention of the latter, he was terrified.

But when the Boar King's attention fell on Grehha, a dot made a beeline towards him from high up in the sky, accelerating as its density continued to increase, like a shooting star. The generated friction caused flames to burst out of the dot, making it resemble a falling sun.

By the time the Boar King noticed it, the shooting star made contact, transferring all the momentum to him, "Gahhh!"

His ribs shattered as the Boar King slammed into the ground, resulting in a soil tsunami. Hovering in the air at the point of impact was Resha, bellowing, "I'm your opponent!"



Chapter 93 Grehha Reveals the Truth

A couple of minutes earlier, the moment Resha arrived at the surface of Gannala and fled from being impacted by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. He then observed his settlement people still on the 44th Empyrean Tusk, only now realising that she had died.

"Oh shit!" He hurriedly extended his bone rope, making it dance like a serpent as it coiled around the people in mass and pulled them toward the cliff. For some reason, even when they were violently tugged, they didn't experience even the slightest of discomfort.

In a couple of seconds, Resha managed to pull a couple hundred Clansmen, most of whom were students. The remainders were elites and masters who had enough time to react and flee to safety.

Only some unfortunate few were crushed by the impact of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk falling over Gannala.

Once the 1st Empyrean Tusk sent the Boar King flying, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk managed to get up and sucked in all survivors from the 44th Settlement into its trunk. It then brought them to safety and poured them on the mountain peak alongside the rest of the Mammoth Clan.

As it stood guard before them and defended against the shockwaves from the battle between the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusks, all the Mammoth Clan could do was stare blankly. They were outclassed here.

The function of the Mammoth Clan was to protect the Empyrean Tusks daily from various threats. Moreover, their existence was primarily to gather food and other necessities for their respective Empyrean Tusk.

They were only valued for easing up the lives of an Empyrean Tusk. It was because they helped the Empyrean Tusks conserve ginormous amounts of energy.

But against threats such as the Boar King, all Empyrean Tusks unanimously thought the Mammoth Clan would be of no use. That was why they sent them all to one mountain and personally participated in the battle.

The survivors would take care of the Mammoth Clan.

Originally, the Mammoth Clansmen intended to join the fight, but the first blow itself changed their minds. Against every attack that destroyed mountains, there wasn't much they could do. They couldn't even act as meat shields.

It was also the first time they saw the Empyrean Tusks truly fight. The result was an overwhelming showcase of power, on the level of Deities.

The only reason the Empyrean Tusks never fought personally and left everything to the Mammoth Clan was due to the severe resource consumption they experienced to move as they did during the battle. In a matter of minutes, the Empyrean Tusks burned through most of the resources collected in their bodies for decades.

That was why they never moved as they did now. But against the Boar King, it became a necessity. And even that wasn't proving sufficient.

While all Mammoth Clansmen gawked at the fight, Resha alone looked through the crowd. He had witnessed an even greater fight in his past life. It was where he and the entirety of the Empyrean Tusk herd pitted their lives against an even stronger Boar King, 'This fight would have ended already if the Boar King was as strong as my past life. He's still in his accumulation phase now.'

Resha quickly noticed the figures of Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk in the crowd, sheltering Grehha. He arrived before them, for a moment surprised to see the figure of a pregnant Yuza. He wasn't a fool.

Judging by the way the two Settlement Leaders were behaving, there could only be one thing, 'I see, so that's how Empyrean Tusks are born. I had that suspicion before. And now, it's confirmed.'

"Where were you until now?" Bora Tusk glared at Resha, "You had disappeared for nine months."

"Why do you care?" Resha snorted and ignored Bora Tusk.

"You dare?" Bora Tusk unleashed his presence, intending to subdue the unruly student.

"Dare what?" A formidable presence surged out of Resha, limitless, easily drowning Bora Tusk's. It was lacking in quantity, but Resha's presence more than made up for it in terms of quality. The moment he released his presence, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk reacted.

Resha placed his hand gently on Yuza's stomach, his eyes tearing up in relief, "There's hope."

Upon seeing his reaction, Bora Tusk stopped charging his attack. Yahard Tusk silently retracted the sword that appeared in his palm and decided to observe the situation for now.

Resha stared at Grehha, "It's your power that made her birth possible."

"Yes," Grehha nodded.

"Then, you must know the truth." Resha asked, "Is the one inside her womb the successor of the 44th or the 43rd?"

"What?" Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk blurted out in shock.

"I feared you might find out." Grehha sighed as he spoke honestly, "She's the successor to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk."

"Then…" Bora Tusk felt at a loss for words, on the verge of exploding.

Grehha's words placed Yahard Tusk in a state of alarm, 'Shit, if this madman goes in a state of frenzy now, a lot of us will be killed.'

"There's no need to fear," Grehha said and observed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that had turned around at some point in time and stared at him. He created a green bubble and extended it, watching the 43rd Empyrean Tusk gently touch it with her trunk.

[Inala is carrying Gannala's successor. I've sent Asaeya with him for protection!]

"Guh!" Grehha grunted in exhaustion and kneeled on the ground. Through the Empyrean Incubator, he could communicate with an Empyrean Tusk for a second. After that, he would need to rest for a while before being able to repeat it. His mind would shatter otherwise.

It was through this that he found out Yennda's plans. Of course, Gannala didn't intend to stop Yennda's plans. Rather, she supported him.

But the baby growing in Yuza's womb was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's successor, whether she was born or not. Therefore, the decision lay with the 43rd Empyrean Tusk who decided that she'll be born and won't be used for Yennda's plans. It communicated with Gannala, making a request.

It was then that Gannala told Grehha about it and left the baby in Yuza's womb in his custody.

Hearing the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's words, Grehha looked at Bora Tusk, "Did you see the projectile that the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot?"

"Yes, it was too brief to observe what it was. But I did notice her shooting something." Bora Tusk nodded.

"In it were Inala and Asaeya." Grehha said, "They were carrying the 44th Empyrean Tusk's successor."

He then announced, "When an Empyrean Tusk is born, her cries can be heard by all adult Empyrean Tusks over a wide range. The Boar King was lured in by her cries. It seems the 43rd Empyrean Tusk had a plan in place, but the Boar King still managed to find us."

"Two babies…" Bora Tusk inhaled a slow breath and stared at Grehha, "When will Inala return?"

"When the baby matures and changes form from a human into an Empyrean Tusk." Grehha said, "Only then will he return."

"Otherwise, the newborn's voice will serve as a beacon to alert the Boar King of our location in real-time."



Chapter 94 Resha Vs Boar King

"How much do you know, Grehha?" Resha voiced out his suspicions.

"Only as much as I've been informed by Gannala, the 44th Empyrean Tusk." Grehha responded calmly, "And the last she informed me was to ask Inala when he returns. It seems he inherited a good chunk of her memories. So, he's aware of everything, including the Boar King's origin."

"Alright, communicate with the 43rd Empyrean Tusk for me," Resha said and whispered something in Grehha's ears, stunning him.

"Are you serious?" Grehha asked in a fluster, "Even for you, it's reckless. Of all people, you should be the most aware of how suicidal that is."

"It's not entirely suicidal." Resha said and pointed at the figure of Boar King blasting shockwaves at the Empyrean Tusks, immobilising them, "If I don't take action, we'll lose more of them."

"Besides, we only need to buy some time," Resha stated in seriousness.

"Alright, I'll trust your judgement." Sighing as such, Grehha grunted as blood dripped out of his orifices. He made another green bubble touch the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's trunk and communicated Resha's thoughts to it.

There was silence for a moment before half the length of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's tusks fell off, shocking the Mammoth Clansmen. They were aware that something was happening. Upon seeing Grehha being able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusk, they were stunned and gathered around him.

"This will do." Muttering as such, Resha placed his hand on the two broken tusks and transformed them into a pool of milky liquid that revolved around him like a river. Slowly, just as how a Storage Lantern shrunk in size, the volume of milky liquid reduced before soon, it condensed into a hammer.

Resha grabbed the hammer and stared at the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, stating, "Shoot me as high up in the air as possible. I need to be vertically above us to pull this off."

The leaders of the 44 Settlements gathered and watched in shock as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk sucked Resha into its trunk and launched him into the air at hypersonic speeds. He became a dot for a couple of seconds before vanishing from view.

As he flew up, Resha calmly kept track of the Boar King's position. Or rather, he attached a string of gravity to the Boar King. And as he flew up, his position gradually aligned itself to be vertically above him.

Resha passed through multiple layers of clouds until he was too far up, capable of observing the entire Dieng Canyon and beyond. Once he stopped, he began to freefall towards the Boar King.

A couple dozen seconds later, he attained terminal velocity, no longer accelerating after that. When that happened, he used his Primary Nature to increase his density, once again able to accelerate.

Following that was a cycle of raising his body density constantly until he hit his limit, realising in response, 'I would have obtained the same result with half the height. I'm wasting time and burning through excess Prana to shield myself from this fall. This is a lesson for the future.'

"But," He glared, clenching the hammer tighter as he churned his Primary Nature to the limit, intending to transfer all his momentum to the Boar King at the moment of contact.

As he approached closer and closer, his skin burned, despite being reinforced by his abilities. Resha didn't care about that and remained patient. At the moment of contact, he swung the hammer with all his might and slammed it into the Boar King's chest, transferring all his momentum into his target.

'Perfect, his ribs shattered from the attack.' Resha thought and bellowed as the Boar King was buried deep underground, "I'm your opponent!"

He then slowly landed on the ground, lithe like a feather after reducing his weight to the limit. His Prana surged throughout his body and healed the damage sustained from the fall.

"I felt that." A terrifying wave of killing intent wafted out of the crater as the Boar King walked out. His caved-in chest began to heal as he wiped the blood dripping from his head. But before he could fully recover, Resha grunted aloud.

Suddenly, the bodies of both flew towards each other, like non-orbiting celestial bodies in space attracting each other into collision.

When in range, Resha slammed the hammer into the Boar King's head, raising its weight to the limit upon contact. The Boar King was sent flying, but a mysterious force of gravity connected him to Resha, pulling the two closer once again.

Just as the Boar King gathered his bearing after the impact, Resha was above him once again, slamming him with another full-powered strike from the hammer.

But immediately in response, a sphere of pulsating Prana hovered before Resha and exploded, sending him flying away. A layer of bone spilled out from the hammer and formed a shield before him, protecting him from the impact.

Resha clenched his hand into a fist as the gravitational flux emerging out of his body strengthened, with the target being the Boar King and him alone. He flew towards the target and slammed another hit, quaking the ground in response.

"I'm getting used to your hits." The Boar King commented as his chest injury finished healing. He grabbed the hammer and exerted strength in it, shattering it.

"So?" Resha growled as the shattered bone fragments coiled around the Boar King like snakes and began to tie him up, "Stay put for a moment!"

As thousands of thinly compressed ropes of bone, each weighing as much as a hill coiled around his body, the Boar King stopped smiling, seriously treating Resha as an enemy, "Now I see why I'm getting a disgusting feeling from you."

"Doesn't matter," Resha condensed the shaft of his hammer into a sword and swung it towards the Boar King's neck, "Die!"

Clang!

Suddenly, scales covered the Boar King's neck, causing the sword to merely make scratch marks. The ropes binding him snapped one after another as the Boar King activated his eleventh Nature, causing his power to leap once again.

He extended his hand and condensed a giant Prana Shock, compressing it to the size of a fingernail before shooting it towards Resha, blasting the latter into a mountain.

The power was twice greater than what he used on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, severely injuring Resha, knocking him unconscious. The moment he recovered from the sneak attack, he could easily deal with Resha.

"You…" The Boar King walked towards Resha as a suffocating amount of Prana condensed in his palm. He was preparing to deliver the killing blow, activating another concentrated Prana Shock, "You're just like me, a ruler. I never thought another individual could pull it off, but I can feel it in your presence."

"You've become the Empyrean Tusk King!"



Chapter 95 Swarming the Boar King

"You've become the Empyrean Tusk King!" The Boar King's announcement shocked the Mammoth Clan, causing the Clansmen to stare at each other in confusion, wondering what the Boar King actually meant.

At that moment, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air from its trunk, pulling the 44 Settlement Leaders closer to each other. It then extended its trunk.

'It wants to communicate with us.' Grehha knew it by experience as he churned all his Prana to his head. Only this way would his head not explode from communicating with an Empyrean Tusk. Of course, all his Prana would be consumed to facilitate this, so it was the last time he could communicate.

He would need to rest for a month following this to recover his weary mind.

"All Settlement Leaders, please place a hand on this bubble," Grehha said and pointed to the Empyrean Incubator he had condensed. Upon seeing the Settlement Leaders stare at each other in confusion, he urged, "Please hurry! We're running out of time!"

As everyone touched the Empyrean Incubator, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk touched a part, causing a message to resound in the minds of all Settlement Leaders.

[Resha is our ultimate weapon against the Boar King! Protect him by sacrificing your lives!]

The command was short and it forced them to die fighting the Boar King. But there wasn't even a hesitation among the Settlement Leaders whose figures vanished from the mountain peak.

After giving its command, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk stared at Yuza and gently touched her stomach, seeping her essence into the baby growing in the womb, announcing to all Empyrean Tusks in the herd.

[She's the new Harrala!]

Harrala, that was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's name. And now, the inheritance ceremony was completed.

Following that, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk walked towards the 44th Empyrean Tusk's corpse, observing that the space within her almost destabilised, on the verge of erupting. The explosion would destroy the region, enveloping the Mammoth Clan on the mountain too.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk opened its mouth wide and unleashed a powerful suction force, causing a tornado to form in the area. The tornado enveloped Gannala's corpse and began to shred it apart, accurately doing so to ensure all internal organs remained in one piece.

Soon after, Gannala's body parts flew into Harrala's mouth, compressed and stored in her organs. But, this was dangerous as her body was now about to blow up too.

Seeing the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's actions, the rest of the herd hurriedly used their Prana to recover and got up for a second round against the Boar King.

"I don't know your name, but before you reach your peak, I'll kill you." The Boar King said and launched the Prana Shock, "There can only be one king in Sumatra."

Boom!

The Prana Shock resulted in a massive explosion, large enough to destroy a mountain. But right as the explosion began, shadows flew into its midst and appeared between Resha and the Boar King.

It was the Settlement Leaders. One after another, they transformed into Pranic Beasts and tanked the attack using their bodies, absorbing most of the damage.

Bora Tusk rushed at the back and transformed into a serpent as he coiled around Resha, protecting him from the explosion.

The Boar King glared as he stared at the corpses of the Settlement Leaders on the ground. He then noticed a serpent coiled around Resha, protecting him. By sacrificing their lives, the Settlement Leaders expended the Boar King's attack and ensured Resha remained alive.

"Well, you stopped one attack." The Boar King snorted and charged up a second Prana Shock.

One of the corpses in the back twitched as appearing next to it was Yahard Tusk. He didn't even glance at his corpse and leaped forward in his Pranic Beast form, condensing an energy sword that he slashed with.

The attack targeted the charging Prana Shock, interrupting the process to cause a premature explosion, sending the Boar King skidding back by a few metres.

The Boar King stared at Yahard Tusk's corpse that had intended to injure him during the explosion. His energy sword indeed managed to reach his target, but the mysterious scales growing on the Boar King stopped the attack.

And in response, he punched forth, causing Yahard Tusk's head to splatter, "That makes it two deaths for you."

The Boar King wasn't even in the least bothered by the interruption. His goal was to annihilate the Empyrean Tusk herd. And killing the leaders of the Mammoth Clan only brought him closer to the goal.

Yahard Tusk—7-Life Stage!

.

.

Yahard Tusk—5-Life Stage!

After dying twice, Yahard Tusk's cultivation dropped by two levels, turning him weaker. But he didn't mind it, for he still had five more lives. Only after he dies five more times would he truly be dead.

Besides, he could always cultivate from scratch after this and recover his lost levels. The priority was to protect Resha and survive this disaster.

Dozens of Natures were activated and targeted the Boar King, with the majority barely causing him to flinch. The Boar King systematically countered the attacks and killed the Settlement Leaders one after another, causing their levels to steadily drop, which in turn made their subsequent attacks weaker.

"You seem the strongest of the lot." The Boar King said as he tanked an attack with his face, feeling a sting as he observed the attacker, "You must be the Mammoth Clan Chief!"

The Mammoth Clan Chief was the Settlement Leader of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, the strongest in their Clan. He also boasted the highest cultivation at the 8-Life Stage. But that was an old story already.

Now that the Boar King's hand pierced through his chest and crushed his heart, he dropped a level.

Without any hesitation, the Mammoth Clan Chief appeared behind his corpse and punched forth, using his corpse as a cover to activate his Nature to the limit and unleash his strongest blow, sending the Boar King flying high in the air.

"Urgh!" The Boar King felt suffocated, unable to breathe as he felt his ribs cracking once again, 'Did I fail to fully recover from that hammer attack?'

'Something was different with his attack. He's an Empyrean Tusk King after all, though a fledgeling.' The Boar King thought, observing a foreign substance had seeped into his skeleton and was corroding it from the inside, turning him weaker with every passing second.

"This bastard…" He stared at the unconscious Resha for a moment before glaring at the Mammoth Clan Chief who had targeted the same spot, hence dealing significant damage.

"I'll leave the rest to you." Saying so, the Mammoth Clan Chief collapsed to the ground, fainting as he had used all his Prana.

A mysterious force carried the Boar King away from the battle station, right into the congregation of Empyrean Tusks that had been preparing for the attack. The image originally displayed their bodies sprawled on the ground. But once he approached them, the image vanished, replaced by the group of raging Empyrean Tusks, fully charged with their attacks.

'I didn't notice their preparation at all…' The Boar King thought in shock before glaring at a group of Settlement Leaders that coughed out blood, 'An illusion?'

"Impressive," He commented as he fell to the centre of the circle formed by 36 Empyrean Tusks. An instant later, ultrasonic sounds rattled him, this time rupturing his skeleton.



Chapter 96 Sacrifice/Murder

"Urgh!" The Boar King shouted as he felt his bones melting from the attack. He couldn't move, locked in place by the tremendous ultrasonic pressure impacting from all sides.

After enduring for an hour, his body was unable to hold on anymore, exploding in response, causing his death.

"We…won?" Bora Tusk muttered in surprise, "The Boar King is…dead?"

Thud!

The 36 Empyrean Tusks collapsed in exhaustion, almost drained of Prana. The exoskeleton armour covering their bodies retreated like the tide, reforming into the buildings that formed the settlement.

Their joints too hardened, preventing them from doing acrobatics like before. Now, they could only walk around like usual. The Empyrean Tusks had returned to their energy-saving forms.

The Mammoth Clan was stunned, in disbelief, wondering if they had truly killed the Boar King. After all, the Boar King was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the only one of his kind at Sumatra. Despite laying witness to the entire battle, it still felt incredulous.

"It's finally done." Yahard Tusk said and slumped to the ground, trembling nonstop once his adrenaline waned, "He's a ridiculous opponent."

"Our fated enemy is dead." The Mammoth Clan Chief announced.

Boom!

There was a surge of energy from behind them as Resha got up, bloody, but raring to fight. He growled, "It's not over!"

"The Boar King is no longer a Pranic Beast." He announced.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

"You're right. I dropped from the 3-Life Stage to the 2-Life Stage." Came a reply from atop the 1st Empyrean Tusk's head. At some point in time, the Boar King had appeared there, unbeknownst to even the 1st Empyrean Tusk. He patted its head and stared at Resha, "Though, I wonder how you came to know about it. I haven't revealed it to anyone, you know?"

"Kurr-rahh-alala!" The 1st Empyrean Tusk trumped, intending to attack him once again. But it had already undone its battle mode. Hence, it couldn't use its exoskeleton armour to target him.

"Be quiet!" The Boar King growled as he condensed strength in his hand and brought down his fist, causing a thunderous sound as the 1st Empyrean Tusk lost its balance and fell.

The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Empyrean Tusks targeted him with their trunks. But suddenly, his figure vanished. Appearing on the ground was a massive boar spanning a height of a hundred metres. It seemed like an ant before the Empyrean Tusk, but its imposing momentum was higher now.

After all, the Boar King was strongest in his Pranic Beast form. Opening its mouth, the Empyrean Boar King unleashed ten waves of Prana Shock, causing the three Empyrean Tusks to collapse.

Just as it was about to deal the killing blow, the remaining Empyrean Tusks joined the fray, resulting in a bloody dogfight. At the start, the Empyrean Boar King unleashed Prana Shocks at its opponents.

But after some time, it simply strengthened its body using the two layers of Internal Inertial Gravity and rammed into its opponents. It too was running low on Prana. Large plates of exoskeleton armour fell to the ground as blood spewed like a fountain from the wounded Empyrean Tusks.

By now, all the masters of the Mammoth Clan too joined the fray, targeting the Empyrean Boar King with all sorts of attacks. And leading the fight was Resha, ignoring his battered body to attack his enemy.

After losing a life, the Boar King's strength dropped by a level. And it was apparent that he was hesitating to use up his remaining Natures. After all, he had spent thousands of years collecting those strong Natures.

Unless the situation was dire, he intended to save them up, 'It was a mistake to attack them head-on like this. I'm still not strong enough.'

While being attacked nonstop, the Boar King thought and reverted to his human form, using the chance to evade the Mammoth Clan masters as he rained down punches upon an Empyrean Tusk, puncturing its eyes.

At present, he intended to incapacitate all Empyrean Tusks and flee. Once he recovered his strength, he would return to pick them off one after another. 'By now, all Mammoth Clan masters have died at least once. Their strength as a whole has dropped severely.'

He clapped once, unleashing powerful shockwaves that pulverised the masters. But suddenly, an Empyrean Tusk pointed its trunk at him and unleashed its compressed air. And shooting out like a bullet from it was Resha, transferring all the momentum upon impact.

"Again!" Resha roared as another Empyrean Tusk sucked him into its trunk and shot him at the Boar King. The strength of the attack was overwhelming, not to mention Resha's capability to pull the Boar King towards him, thereby ensuring the attack made contact every single time.

And when they touched, he transferred all the momentum into the Boar King's body, rattling his insides. Everyone was tiring, running low on Prana, Resha included. But they had no other choice but to keep up the pressure until the Boar King was killed.

"Is that really Internal Inertial Gravity?" Virala frowned as he observed from the side, "How's he able to unleash the effects of gravity outside his body?"

Internal Inertial Gravity was as its name implied, a Nature that was active only in their bodies. No Empyrean Tusk was able to manifest its effect outside, and the same was held true for Blola, Virala, and Inala too.

They all possessed Internal Inertial Gravity. But for some reason, Resha's was different.

"He's a regressor." Blola stared at Virala's sides, hoping for a single window of opportunity to sneak attack the latter, "He might have discovered a secret. Did you do something that forced him to take such a path, Virala?"

"Of course, I didn't…" Virala retorted before recalling that it was his plan that caused Resha to lose all his accumulated Prana. And the same day, he disappeared.

When he appeared an hour before, he was a completely different individual, whether in terms of strength, mind, or presence, 'He's already closer to how he was in the second half of Sumatra Chronicles.'

"I did tell him of your…" Virala intended to trigger Blola by saying that he had already revealed to Resha that Blola was the killer of his parents. But he stopped, noticing Blola had vanished. "Where did he go?"

Virala looked around and noticed the figure of Blola sprinting across the rubble, fleeing towards the Mammoth Clan as if his life depended on it. For a moment, Virala was confused. But immediately after, he noticed the changes happening to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, "Oh shit."

He too used all his power to sprint towards the Mammoth Clan, for only there could he survive.

Boom!

There was a surge in presence, stunning everyone. The first to react was the Boar King, emanating dense killing intent, roaring in hatred, "Gannala! Is that you?"

He stared at the figure of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that was charging towards him, emanating the presence of two Empyrean Tusks. It was because the 43rd Empyrean Tusk had swallowed the 44th Empyrean Tusk's corpse.

All space within it had begun to collapse, turning her into a volcano that was about to burst. And in such a state, it charged at the Boar King with suicidal intentions.

The Boar King had no intention to get caught up in such a suicidal charge. He turned around, intending to flee when a bloody 1st Empyrean Tusk appeared before him, having taken on its battle state once again.

It spun 360 degrees in the air and slammed its trunk at the Boar King, sending him flying towards the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

The exoskeleton armour covering the 43rd Empyrean Tusk extended like tentacles and grabbed hold of the Boar King as it burned through all its Prana, constricting him for two seconds. In that duration, it opened its mouth and swallowed him, leaping with large strides as it ran far away from the herd.

The 42 Empyrean Tusks stared in sadness as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk charged deep into the Dieng Canyon as its Internal Inertial Gravity switched off. Because of the sheer volume of mass present in its body as a cluster, they unleashed their own gravitational pull, bringing all particles closer and closer.

"Shit!" The Boar King roared as he was pulled towards the centre of the mass cluster.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk crossed dozens of kilometres with every leap, travelling far away before its body paused all of a sudden. Its legs shattered and turned into dust before shrinking into its body. Its stomach, tail, head, and even its prized tusks, all followed suit.

Breaking down into the simplest of matter, they flowed into the centre, acted upon by the sheer gravity. And as matter continued to compress upon itself, a fusion reaction was created for a second.

Hovering atop the Dieng Canyon was a miniature sun that emitted light and heat for one second before it dropped to the ground, exhausted of all combustible fuel. It resembled red hot iron, a dense lump barely a couple metres in diameter.

By sacrificing itself, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk killed the Boar King, resulting in his second death. On that day, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast died twice. On the very same day, Sumatra Continent lost two of its most majestic creatures.

Volume 1: Empyrean Tusk—The End!



Chapter 97 Varahan Enclave

It was a day just like another in Varahan Enclave. The four Pranic Beasts dominant in the region continued about with their daily lives.

Varahan Enclave was a special place in Sumatra Continent. It was a small portion of the Sumatra Continent that peeked out into the dark territory where life couldn't be sustained.

The dark territory was called the Sandy-Grey Void and surrounded the Sumatra Continent. It was covered by grey, lifeless sand where only death awaited any entity that dreamed of crossing. There was no wind, no sound, and no life.

The sand was loose and the entire region had the property of a quicksand. Therefore, it was a death sentence to set foot on it. One would have to cross the Sandy-Grey Void to enter another continent. Until now, no entity had succeeded in it as not only was the Sandy-Grey Void treacherous in nature, but it also stretched endlessly.

No human or Pranic Beast could survive for that long.

Of course, there were moderate regions in the Sandy-Grey Void, creating what one would proclaim as 'Pathways.' These pathways were less treacherous in comparison to the Sandy-Grey Void and formed a route to another continent, though longer than if one made a beeline through the Sandy-Grey Void.

Such pathways existed only next to enclaves. Exit from anywhere else on Sumatra and you'll be faced with the brunt of the Sandy-Grey Void's treacherousness. There existed 392 enclaves on Sumatra Continent and Varahan Enclave was just one among the many.

It was a region that was a mixture of a tropical and mangrove forest, with trees reaching as high as 500 metres and water levels extending to a depth of 800 metres. Four Pranic Beast races lived here, forming their enclosed food chain.

At the bottom-most stood the Yoked Wyrm, a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, too weak to even comment about. It primarily relied on a diet of moss, soil, and tree bark, boasting one of the greatest fertility rates.

If left to their devices, they would explode in population and turn a region into a barren land within a few decades. Preying on them primarily were the Razor Rats and the Petrified Geese, both Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

They were strong for their grade and moved as a group, unlike Yoked Wyrms, hence predating on the latter.? Finally, reigning at the top of the food cycle were Empyrean Boars, Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Despite being a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, an Empyrean Boar was often ridiculed as the weakest among all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts could kill an Empyrean Boar one-on-one.

But this was the Varahan Enclave and not the Sumatra Continent. With there being only a narrow valley connecting the two, Empyrean Boars lived in their bubble, having close to no interaction with the outside world.

They happily preyed upon the three weaker Pranic Beast races and thrived. But, that all changed with the arrival of a group at the entrance to the Varahan Enclave.

Spanning a height of 1.6 kilometres on average, a breadth of 0.6 kilometres and a length of 2 kilometres, a walking fortress of might, an entity that stood at the pinnacle of Sumata Continent.

Empyrean Tusk!

A herd of 188 Empyrean Tusks had gathered, brimming with a suffocating might to the extent no Pranic Beast dared to even approach in a vicinity of a hundred kilometres.

And if any was brave enough?

Swoosh!

Followed by suction from its trunk, the Pranic Beast was sucked towards an Empyrean Tusk that casually threw the captured Pranic Beast in its mouth and munched.

When the size of an Empyrean Tusk herd hits the three digits, they begin emanating a collective pressure that numbs the bodies of all enemies. Thereby, they could kill their targets with the least amount of effort.

Standing at the entrance to the valley was the 1st Empyrean Tusk, its trunk raised. Seated at the forefront of the trunk was a man who had reached the peak of cultivation and was merely a step away from Transcendence.

10-Life Stage!

He was the Mammoth Clan Chief, Undrakha. Upon reaching the peak of cultivation and unlocking the entirety of Mystic Bone Art, he was able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusks without any issues.

"How's it looking?" Undrakha asked upon staring at the Varahan Enclave, "Are they enough?"

[Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast, Empyrean Boar. Since they have the prefix of Empyrean, it means they reached the pinnacle evolution of their race!]

"Will they be enough?" Undrakha asked once again, patient.

[Yes! They are brimming with flesh, blood, and Prana. Every single Empyrean Boar is enough for a decade of my operation!]

"A decade," Undrakha's eyes lit up, "That's perfect. There's enough of them here for all of us. If we treat them as a farm, we'll be able to save up enough resources to cross the Sandy-Grey Void."

[Yes!]

"But, are you sure about this?" Undrakha asked, "Sumatra Continent is our home."

[Yes! As a species, Empyrean Tusks have reached their growth limit. The only way to surpass our limits is to mutate. That will allow us to become Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. But for that to happen, staying in the comfort of our homes won't do! We have become too accustomed to Sumatra Continent!]

"It's just like gaining a Nature." Undrakha nodded, "By subjecting ourselves to an extreme situation, we'll be forced to evolve."

[Yes! That's the only option left to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast!]

For them to cross the Sandy-Grey Void, the Empyrean Tusk herd needed to store enough resources in their bodies for the journey. It might take them a century or two to cross over. Hence, the Empyrean Tusks sought the most efficient resource to store in their limited space.

The Empyrean Boars fit the bill perfectly. Spanning a height of a hundred metres, they were small in comparison to the Empyrean Tusks. But, they were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Meaning, their lifespan, Prana quality, Prana Quantity, and flesh were the highest grades available.

The resource condensation per unit mass of their body was the highest. Of course, there were better Gold Grade Pranic Beasts out there, but they were all ridiculously powerful.

Fighting such Pranic Beasts would cause the Empyrean Tusks too much loss. From an efficiency standpoint, it was a fool's endeavour.

But, Empyrean Boars were weak. They could be killed by even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, making them the perfect targets. All Mammoth Clan masters could take on an Empyrean Boar each while the Empyrean Tusks could casually chuck them in their mouths.

They were ripe for picking, the perfect resource for the journey.

Undrakha communicated with the Mammoth Clan and announced to the 1st Empyrean Tusk, "We're ready. On your command."

[Let's go! Everyone!]

With the 1st Empyrean Tusk's command, the herd of 188 Empyrean Tusks entered the Varahan Enclave, resulting in a bloody, one-sided massacre.



Chapter 98 Empyrean Boar’s Curse

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar!

The reason they were called the weakest of all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, weak to the extent even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts could kill them was entirely due to their Primary Nature.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

When an Empyrean Boar wholly devours a Pranic Beast, it gains the Pranic Beast's Primary Nature. Originally, such an accumulation-type ability would have made them the strongest. But there was a problem here.

The ability they are accumulating wasn't a Skill but the Primary Natures of their targets.

A Primary Nature was a Pranic Beast's original state of being, one it adapted to specialise in after thousands of years of nonstop evolution. From the way it ate to the way it shat, everything was optimised for survival.

Primary Nature was merely a condensation of its evolutionary traits. Therefore, when an Empyrean Boar obtained the Primary Nature of another Pranic Beast, the Natures within its body conflicted with each other.

The Primary Nature of a Razor Rat was to burrow in the swamp and wait for a Yoked Wyrm to show up before latching onto its prey like a bolt of lightning. The speed of its attack shredded its target, making It easier to predate.

When an Empyrean Boar obtained a Razor Rat's Primary Nature, it instinctually felt the need to burrow underwater and wait for its prey, uncharacteristic of itself. After all, it wasn't equipped to remain underwater for extended durations like a Razor Rat.

A Yoked Wyrm had pretty much no combat capability. Its Primary Nature was purely geared toward the consumption of nutrients, allowing it to accumulate as much muscle mass as possible in a short while before birthing its offspring.

It fought by creating as many offspring as possible in an effort to overwhelm its predators. When its predators have more to eat than what they can handle, it allows the excess Yoked Wyrms to survive. This was their nature.

Therefore, when an Empyrean Boar obtained a Yoked Wyrm's Primary Nature, it felt an intense desire to mate and leave behind more offspring.

But this was merely the start of the problems.

An Empyrean Boar could store Primary Natures in its body without limit. And every time it attacked, it would unleash a bunch of Natures. Upon use, the respective Natures would vanish.? But here was the problem.

A Yoked Wyrm was no different to a worm. Even the biggest among its race only reached a length of two metres. For an Empyrean Boar reaching a height of a hundred metres, one or two Yoked Wyrms weren't enough.

No, it needed anywhere from hundreds to even thousands daily. That meant it was gaining an equivalent number of Primary Natures.

These accumulated Primary Natures reach such high numbers that they overwhelm the Empyrean Boar's body and mind, making it believe it was a Yoked Wyrm and not an Empyrean Boar.

Moreover, its diet didn't consist of just Yoked Wyrms. It also consumed Razor Rats and Petrified Geese. Therefore, at every point in time, there was an overwhelming number of Primary Natures of all three Pranic Beasts in an Empyrean Boar, splitting its body and mind three ways.

Its original nature as an Empyrean Boar was overwritten long ago. And the three-way tug-of-war turned it insane.

At one moment, the Empyrean Boar would be underwater, acting like a Razor Rat, the other moment, it would be digging the earth for moss like a Yoked Wyrm, or suddenly, it would turn into a statue and bask in the sunlight like a Petrified Geese.

This wasn't just one or two, but the entire race was in such a state. Thankfully, whenever they were overwhelmed by their Yoked Wyrm's Pranic Natures, they would mate and increase their numbers. It was the primary reason the Empyrean Boars hadn't gone extinct yet.

During one such session, an Empyrean Boar had become pregnant. It stood still like a Petrified Geese, not even reacting as it delivered a dozen of its kind.

Following that, it entered the swamp nearby to act like a Razor Rat, devouring the Yoked Wyrms that approached its proximity.

Not a single Empyrean Boar cared about the dozen newborns that were left to fend for themselves. Though weak, the newborns could move. One of them let out faint squeals and approached something resembling a statue.

It was a Petrified Geese laying in wait there. And the moment the newborn entered its range, the Petrified Geese's mouth shot open. Its tongue lashed out and whipped the newborn, petrifying the contact region.

The newborn squealed in pain, but there was no response from the mindless adults of its race. The mother of the newborns had birthed them in a colony of Petrified Geese, a blatantly stupid act.

Hence, the newborn simply became prey to the Petrified Geese. One among the newborns ran under a tree root and bleated helplessly from there, hoping for its mother to return. Two days spanned past in such a fashion as its brothers and sisters that survived the Petrified Geese had grown tremendously by now.

They were already treating the Petrified Geese as food. And once they had their fill, they made a repeat of the adults of their race, now acting as Petrified Geese. But their bodies had already reached a height of four metres, an explosive growth.

Empyrean Boars had an explosive growth rate, capable of outgrowing all their predators in two days. Yes, two days. Any Empyrean Boar that survives the initial two days directly reaches the peak of Varahan Enclave's food chain.

But the exception was the newborn that had hidden under the protruding roots of a tree. It was still its original size. From time to time, it carefully peered out and gobbled some nuts before retreating to its safe home.

A Petrified Geese stood right next to its home, preventing it from moving much. As the days spanned past, the newborn barely reached a metre in height. It was still weak, but unlike its brethren, it was sane.

Having not consumed any Pranic Beasts or even meat for the matter, it remained an Empyrean Boar, experiencing a growth in intellect that all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts possessed.

Two months later, it was able to think, realising that the day it consumed another Pranic Beast, it too would lose its mind, just like the rest of its brethren. 'I should strengthen my mind first.'

Pretty much all Empyrean Boars had their first kill in two days since birth. Therefore, before their minds could even grow, they were influenced by the swallowed Primary Natures.

To avoid such a fate, the newborn had a strict vegetarian diet, eating grass, tree bark, nuts and fruits. Its growth was slow as a result, but with every successful day, its mind continued to mature.

Two years later, the newborn exited its home under the protruding tree root and killed the nearby Petrified Geese. But it didn't consume the latter and simply walked away, intending to find more nuts to munch upon.

And it was the very same day as the Empyrean Tusk herd's entry into the Varahan Enclave.



Chapter 99 Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

Bleet!

Empyrean Boars shrieked as Mammoth Clansmen raided their homes and began capturing them one after another. They weren't killed yet as efficiency was greater if the Empyrean Tusk munched on them alive.

That was why the Mammoth Clansmen primarily intended to capture them. As they rushed through the forest, the newborn observed them in fear from its home under the protruding roots. It was from a tree that reached almost 600 metres in height.

Hence, its roots covered a large area and camouflaged its growing body. The newborn boar also dug a hole underneath to form a comfy home. Its intellect had developed enough to cover the area and mask its presence from the invaders.

'Who are they? And why are they selectively targeting my brethren?' It trailed after the Mammoth Clansmen from afar, using its small body to its advantage. It was barely two metres in size now.

There were only a couple thousand Empyrean Boars in the Varahan Enclave. It wasn't a number sufficient for the Empyrean Tusk herd's needs.

Therefore, the Mammoth Clansmen weren't aggressive with their capture. They studied the Empyrean Boar psychology and once an Empyrean Boar gave birth, they swiftly came to the rescue.

For the next two days, they protected the newborns until they became large enough to hunt the other Pranic Beasts in the region. This way, their population would increase drastically, giving the Mammoth Clan more profit.

After all, they required dozens of adult Empyrean Boars per each Empyrean Tusk. It was better to take their time and allow for more Empyrean Boars to be born. Hence, they invaded the Varahan Enclave in waves, once a year.

During the fourth year, the newborn Empyrean Boar treaded through the Sandy-Grey Void right next to the valley that served as the Varahan Enclave's entrance. This way, it avoided detection of the Mammoth Clan who didn't expect such a thing from Pranic Beasts lacking intelligence.

Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were no different from animals in terms of intelligence. They were beings driven by instinct. Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were pretty intelligent, almost on a human level. Some of them slightly exceeded a human, depending on the race they were from.

And finally, Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were superior to humans.

In the Varahan Enclave, three of the four were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. And the final, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast was the Empyrean Boar, insane from the start. Therefore, the Mammoth Clan didn't bother preparing for any sneak attacks.

Considering their numbers, it had been a long while since they were last attacked. Their strength had grown too much, hence lacking any competitors.

Moreover, there wasn't even a swarm-type race in their vicinity, hence their defence was lacking. The Mammoth Clan sent all its elites and masters on the invasion.

There was no reason not to, after all. They didn't face any danger and there were 188 Empyrean Tusks standing guard to each other. Nothing wrong could happen.

It took the newborn Empyrean Boar four years to understand this. And during the end of the fourth year, when the Mammoth Clan invaded in full swing the fifth time, the newborn boar sneaked towards the Empyrean Tusk herd from the back, targeting the weakest Empyrean Tusk.

Even the Empyrean Tusk had let down its guard, having not been targeted for the past few centuries. And stealthily, through the route used by the Mammoth Clansmen to descend down from their settlement, the newborn Empyrean Boar made its way up.

Soon, it reached the Academy of Refinement, observing the students there, 'It'll take them forty days to return.'

It sneaked through the hallways, avoiding the deeper regions where the Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature was effective. All it did was scout through the settlement, avoiding detection successfully. It remained there for close to a month before descending from the settlement.

It sneaked back through the route it discovered in the Sandy-Grey Void, returning home. During the sixth invasion, it dug an underground tunnel for forty days, leading from the Sandy-Grey Area to the foot of the closest Empyrean Tusk.

After becoming an expert at making tunnels, it continued its work even after the Mammoth Clan's elites and masters returned. By now, its mind had fully matured, allowing it to think like a true Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Its body remained small but its strength continued to climb up. Finally, nine years after the invasion started, it completed its digging and scouting, becoming an expert at both.

By now, the Mammoth Clan failed to notice despite it nibbling their Parute Fruit reserves. The reduction in amount was so little they didn't notice it. Secondly, it was spread throughout the 188 Settlements.

Therefore, the Mammoth Clan didn't notice it, but the Empyrean Boar gained a significant return. At the end of the ninth year, right after the tenth invasion started, the Empyrean Boar entered the 188th Settlement, calmly sauntering into the Academy of Refinement before engaging in a slaughter.

The students were only at the Spirit Stage. They couldn't even scratch a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, even if it was an Empyrean Boar. As all residents at the Settlement were only at the Spirit Stage, none could harm it.

Moreover, the Empyrean Boar took action right after the 188th Empyrean Tusk fell asleep. It had memories of all their sleeping patterns by now, knowing which Empyrean Tusk was awake at which time.

The first entity it swallowed was a Mammoth Clansman, a student. As he didn't have a Primary Nature, it wasn't affected. But, that didn't even matter now as its mind had matured enough to overcome the side effects of its Primary Nature.

All students of the 188th Settlement took refuge in its belly as the Empyrean Boar targeted another settlement whose Empyrean Tusk was asleep. Moreover, it did such a perfect job that not a single Empyrean Tusk managed to detect anything.

By the time the sleeping Empyrean Tusks woke up, it was too late. The students of over sixty Settlements disappeared mysteriously. And the perpetrator had vanished too.

The Empyrean Boar felt bloated by the time it returned home. Its body had reached peak size by then as a mysterious change began to form in it. Due to the extreme environment and diet it had subjected itself to, it experienced an evolution.

The Empyrean Boar hibernated to allow the transformation to run its course, remaining safe in its home. When it woke up two years later, it was stunned.

First of all, it unleashed a presence similar to a Mammoth Clansman. And secondly, it now possessed a human body, having developed a Nature.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!



Chapter 100 Brangara Gets Captured

"I am Brangara!" The Empyrean Boar introduced itself to a Mammoth Clansmen group prowling across the Varahan Enclave.

In human form, Brangara mimicked the presence of a Mammoth Clansman from the 188th Settlement, thereby being able to make contact with the elites of another settlement.

"Where's your group?" The leader of the group asked.

"We got lost after a mishap." Brangara said, "I chanced upon your group while making my way back. Can I accompany you until I find my group?"

"That's fine." The leader of the group nodded casually, asking while they moved, "Which group do you belong to?"

"Unara's group," Brangara said, using the name of the group he had just annihilated.

"Ahh," The leader nodded, "Didn't Unara's group venture towards the mangrove forest region? It's a bit tricky to capture the Empyrean Boars that remain submerged underwater there."

"Yes, that's a pain." Brangara nodded. He casually conversed with the group as if he were one of them until eventually, they chanced upon an Empyrean Boar.

"That's an adult." The leader commanded, "We'll capture it."

"You just remain here." The leader stared at Brangara, "We're more than enough for this."

"Yes, sir." Brangara nodded and watched the group spring bone nets around the Empyrean Boar that combined to harden into a bone cage.

The flustered Empyrean Boar activated numerous Natures in response as the group simply tanked it by strengthening the bone cage.

"Man, this one has a lot of Natures. It'll take time to empty everything." Saying so, the leader took out a bone spike and walked to the back of the cage, stabbing it in the Empyrean Boar's rear, watching it squeal in pain before unleashing its Natures dozens of times faster. "Since it's a male, puncturing its balls does the trick."

Every time he poked it, the Empyrean Boar shrieked before releasing more Natures. As the Natures belonged to Razor Rats, Yoked Wyrms, and Petrified Geeze, none were dangerous.

The Primary Nature of Razor Rats allowed them to move like a bolt of lightning for a short distance. When constricted, this ability became useless. The Primary Nature of a Yoked Wyrm was only in consuming nutrients efficiently, so it too was useless. And a Petrified Geeze's Primary Nature could only be used through its tongue.

Right at the start, they cut off the Empyrean Boar's tongue, rendering that ability too useless. Now, all they had to do was wait until it finished releasing all the abilities in its arsenal. It would be easier to transport it after that.

After all, they had set up camp at the entrance to Varahan Enclave where the Empyrean Boars would be fed to the limit and fattened before the Empyrean Tusk consumes them.

"Hey, the cage is shaking. Put more effort into it!" The leader shouted upon noticing the cage cracking. He grumbled upon seeing the cracks worsen over time, shouting as he dropped the bone spike and walked around the massive cage to where his team ought to have been.

All he saw in their place was Brangara, "Hey, you! Where did my team members go?"

"Here," Brangara said and patted his belly. Immediately in response, he transformed into an Empyrean Boar and devoured the leader, taking action before the latter could react.

Not even a droplet of the Mammoth Clansmen's blood was spilled as Brangara wiped them clean. He then stared at the whimpering figure of the Empyrean Boar before him. He broke the cage and stared at his wounded brethren, "Are you…okay?"

There was no reply as the Empyrean Boar continued to cry in pain. But an hour later, it stood before a tree like a sculpture, behaving like a Petrified Geese.

"What…is with our existence?" Brangara collapsed to the ground, sobbing, "I can't even speak to my own family. What am I even fighting for?"

"Wait, that's right!" He regained his vigour and rushed through the forest until he chanced upon an Empyrean Boar giving birth, 'Right, I can save them before they consume any Pranic Beast! That way, once their mind matures, they too would be able to speak like me.'

His thoughts came to a halt upon staring at the group of masters casually seated around the newborn Empyrean Boars.

"Eat! Eat!"

"Eat and grow big, alright?"

The masters were feeding Yoked Wyrms to the newborns in an effort to make them grow quicker. They didn't have the mood to protect them for two days.

As the newborn swallowed the Yoked Wyrm, the trace level of intelligence displayed in its eyes vanished. Its mind had shattered. And staring at the scene, Brangara felt his sanity slipping away.

'Why? Why! Why? Why!' He wished to rush in and save his brethren, but he wasn't strong enough to fight the masters yet. Moreover, even if he could, the master leading the group was terrifying.

The masters were primarily in charge of trailing after pregnant Empyrean Boars and guarding the newborns. Therefore, even if Brangara wanted to, he couldn't save his race that was being treated as mere livestock.

"Mammoth Clan!" He gritted his teeth in rage.

"Who's there?" The master leading the group shouted all of a sudden as a Spirit Weapon slammed into the tree that Brangara was hiding behind.

"Ah!" Brangara rushed out of his hiding spot and prostrated on the ground, "I'm from Unara's group…"

"Don't lie!" Suddenly, a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a sword stabbed into his thigh, causing him to grunt in pain.

A suffocating presence emanated from the group of masters that glared at Brangara, "I'm not sure how you learnt the Mystic Bone Art, but you clearly aren't an expert in using it. Your body is reeking with the stench of the blood of us Mammoth Clansmen."

"How many of my people have you eaten, Empyrean Boar?"

"Shit!" Brangara grunted and began to run away, 'They found out my identity!'

Until he targeted the students and elites, his identity wasn't found out. But a master could clearly sense his foreign nature, even if he tried to mask himself with the scent and presence of a Mammoth Clansman.

Moreover, his actions were so high-profile that an investigation team of masters had been dispatched. They scouted for traces among the teams that had gone missing recently, eventually confirming Brangara to be the culprit.

Even though he was strong, Brangara was no match for the team of experts. In a matter of minutes, he was captured.

"What do we do with him?" One of the masters asked as he broke Brangara's limbs.

"He's a special case." The leader of the group said, "He's an Empyrean Boar with a human form. We'll let the Chief decide his fate."



