Chapter 541 Mystic Royalty: Biome Bomb

﻿﻿Sporting a monkey's face with a mouth resembling a bat, one reinforced to resemble the stunted jaws of a crocodile was this menacing creature, sporting a bird's eye, capable of looking far and wide. Its fur glistened with a mixture of orange and grey, forming stripes similar to a tiger.

Three elongated stripes traversed its back, just like a squirrel. Trailing from its wrist to the ankle was a membrane, similar to a flying squirrel, one capable of folding onto itself and occupying barely any space.

The difference between it and a flying squirrel was the existence of eight arms in total, four on either side, with the membrane connected to each pair of arms in folds like a paper fan. When unnecessary, the membrane could stretch like rubber and attach itself to the girth of the body, making its existence discrete.

This allowed the creature to flail its hands without any air resistance. And when necessary, the membrane would stretch to fill up the gap and allow the creature to glide.

The hands attached to the end of the eight arms were made out of tough, reinforced bone, one resembling the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk. The feet resembled the hands in shape and appearance, meant primarily for grabbing onto things rather than running.

Unlike the Zingers that could sprint for short distances and had feet supporting such a moment, this existence seemed to have evolved primarily to glide and perch onto things. Of course, it was rare for there to be things large enough for it to perch on.

As the Prana Bomb shattered, its form was revealed in all its glory, reaching a height of 1152 metres. Even though it was tall, it didn't appear as such at first glance.

After all, two hundred metres of its height was occupied by its neck alone, unnaturally long, seeming to have inherited some of the characteristics of an Empyrean Snapper. This flexible, elongated neck allowed it to twist its head in every which way, which came in handy.

Dangling at the bottom of its body was a fifty-metre-long tail, sporting a tiny fin, whose sole function was to behave as a rudder and stabilise its massive body while in the air.

Mutated Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

Technically speaking, it wasn't part of the Zinger Race, for their end evolutionary path was to become an Empyrean Zinger. But as this creature sported more than seventy percent of a Zinger's characteristics, its race was named the Royal Zinger.

It could be renamed as the Zinger Race with a path to the Mystic Grade. In this form, Inala possessed a Prana capacity of 10800 Prana and a lifespan of 10000 years. And thanks to his preparations, he had become a mature Royal Zinger.

Basically, he now wielded the entirety of its Prana reserve, also wielding a fully grown body of the Royal Zinger.

Using the opportunity of his evolution, right as the Prana Bomb shattered, Inala assumed his Royal Zinger form, ambushing the Boar King by stabbing him into his chest.

Cough!

The Boar King was in a state of shock at the attack before instinctively assuming Empyrean Boar King form. The increase in his body's toughness prevented the nail from reaching his heart.

Even in his human form, thanks to being aided by over twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, the nail would have failed to reach his heart. After all, the Royal Zinger wasn't a brute-force type of Pranic Beast.

And obviously, Inala was aware of it, having been prepared for it since the beginning. Stabbing into the Boar King was just to put him on guard. His real attack didn't need him to injure the Boar King.

Primary Nature—Mystic Royal!

It was a complex Nature that allowed Inala to absorb both Prana and Lifeforce, similar to a Prana Bomb and Life Bomb respectively. But there were a few differences.

First of all, he no longer created a Prana Bomb or a Life Bomb. Instead, he created a Biome Bomb, one capable of absorbing both Prana and Lifeforce. Even in his male form, Inala could absorb Lifeforce using a Biome Bomb.

Surpassing the gender restriction to simultaneously wield the power of both genders was the prerequisite for becoming a Royal Zinger. Of course, it wasn't without its share of restrictions.

In his male form, Inala could absorb Prana with a hundred percent efficiency. But for the same effort, he'll only be able to absorb Lifeforce at ten percent efficiency. Similarly in his female form, absorbing Lifeforce was at a hundred percent efficiency while Prana could only be absorbed at ten percent efficiency.

It just meant that Inala could switch genders based on the requirements of the situation. In either gender, he could absorb both Prana and Lifeforce, which meant that he could conserve Prana in transformation and didn't have to waste time and effort in doing so.

Biome Bomb was merely the process through which Mystic Royalty unleashed its power. Its true purpose was towards evolution and resource—Prana and Lifeforce—collection.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

That was Inala's base form. Once he had collected 4800 Prana and 1000 years of Lifeforce through his Biome Bombs and consumed it, Mystic Royalty would elevate his strength.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

Upon consuming another 6000 Prana and 1300 years of Lifeforce, he'd reach Intermediate Gold Grade. 7200 Prana and 1700 years of Lifespan later, he'd reach Advanced Gold Grade. From that stage, he would have to consume 8400 Prana and 2000 years of Lifespan to reach Expert Gold Grade.

Finally, once he consumes 10800 Prana and a Lifespan of 10000 years, he'd reach Beginner Mystic Grade.

Depending on how much Prana and Lifespan he consumes, Inala could control the level of strength he attains. Therefore, he could vary his strength according to the necessity.

Even though the Prana and Lifespan needs seem unattainable, considering the Royal Zinger's base state, all the Prana and Lifespan requirements were Silver Grade.

Inala could even subsist with the Prana and Lifespan of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. His Biome Bombs would accumulate enough and naturally refine them to the Silver Grade for efficient storage.

And as his Grade increases, the quality and functions of his Biome Bombs increase too.

At the Silver Grade, his Biome Bombs can store Prana and Lifeforce. At the Gold Grade, his Biome Bombs could consume the stored Prana and Lifeforce to generate a terrain—land, water, air, light, etc.

And finally, at the Mystic Grade, his Biome Bombs could generate life. Of course, they were limited to only Trees and Zingers. Inala was unable to birth anything else. The trees were limited to the ones that grow in the Dieng Canyon.

Basically, everything necessary to sustain a Zinger's life could be grown in his Mystic Grade Biome Bomb. That was the limitation. But that limitation was pretty much irrelevant.

After all, at the Mystic Grade, Inala could birth all varieties of Zingers. As long as he had enough reserve of Prana and Lifeforce, he could churn them out in large numbers.

And as the Major Treasure of Attribute had been fused into him, Inala was capable of unleashing the effects of his Biome Bomb through his Prana alone.

"Keuk!" The Boar King grunted as he was aging rapidly, losing four years of his Lifespan every second. This was the Lifespan of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast and hence was slow.

Inala would have wrung the Lifespan of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast—while at the Mystic Grade—in a matter of seconds.

Through his index finger as the contact point, the Boar King's Lifespan flowed into him. Inala was capable of absorbing the Lifespan and Prana of anyone within his Spirit Weapon range.

Best of all, he could also donate it to others in the range. Basically, he was a walking, talking support unit.

"Tch!" In his Empyrean Boar King form, Brangara flexed his muscles at the contact point, applying pressure onto the nail before shattering it two seconds later. But, despite breaking it, he could feel a stream of Lifeforce flow out of his body and into the Royal Zinger.

Fierce winds were generated as Inala's remaining seven arms swung at the Boar King, starting to absorb Lifeforce through them all once they were in the range of 180 metres from the target.

Inala's Skill of Puppetry influenced his evolutionary result the strongest among his Skills, causing his ability to wield Spirit Weapons to be integrated into his evolution.

At the Silver Grade, he had two arms, and hence could only wield two Spirit Weapons, with his Prana and Lifespan absorption being the strongest through his arms. At the Gold Grade, he had four arms, able to wield four Spirit Weapons.

And finally, at the Mystic Grade, with eight arms, he could control a whopping eight Spirit Weapons without a loss in efficiency. Inala took measures to convert his abilities and split them across the different Grades according to his mental capabilities.

As a Mammoth Clansman, even though he was able to control four Spirit Weapons, it placed a severe burden on his mind, which he usually endured using Life Hands.

Asaeya was able to use six Spirit Weapons, but couldn't fight in such a state for more than a couple of minutes before requiring to rest for extended periods. It was because the strain on her mind was enormous, since she was efficiently controlling six Spirit Weapons with the mind at the Silver Grade.

Hence, Inala split it according to the capability of his mind. At the Mystic Grade, with the mental capabilities of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the giant brain in this form allowed him to control eight Spirit Weapons without issues.

As a result?

"D-Dammit!" Despite being physically stronger than his enemy by multiple folds, the Boar King was unable to move much due to pain as from eight directions, his Lifespan was being stolen. Each arm stole four years of his Lifespan per second.

Multiply it by eight, and the Boar King was losing 32 years of his Lifespan every second. At this rate, in a bit over three minutes, he would die of old age.

'A being that has evolved specifically to counter me!' The Boar King controlled the sense of fear forming in his heart as he craned strength to his fist and blasted the Royal Zinger away, causing the latter to slam into the wall of the Attributed Region.

Two of its arms had been destroyed by the attack, but a Biome Bomb hovered at their ends and pulsed like hearts, supplying the Boar King's rich Lifeforce to the wounds to rapidly regenerate them.

A couple of seconds later, the Royal Zinger stood up in a pristine state, having not expended a single unit of his own Prana for recovery, and calmly gazed at the Boar King, "Unless you kill me in a single hit, I'll recover using your Prana and Lifespan."

Inala flexed his eight arms, "Considering how big I am, I can endure a full-powered hit from you without getting killed. Now, come at me, Brangara!"

"Let's see how long you can last!"



Chapter 542 Royal Zinger Vs Boar King

﻿﻿"A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast…" Boul Brimgan's eyes were wide in excitement as he stared at the fight between Inala and the Boar King.

In terms of power, there was a difference of heaven and earth between the two. The Boar King was obviously the stronger one. However, the issue stemmed from the fact that the Boar King was unable to kill Inala.

As a result, Inala continued to get up without issue by using the Lifeforce of the Boar King he had stolen.

'No, there's something else at play here!' Boul Brimgan thought as he observed Inala's Royal Zinger form, 'In terms of physical might, there are many Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that are stronger than it. This creature's sole physical advantage is its size. As it seems similar to a Zinger, its bone density should be similarly little. Only then can it afford to glide.'

It was true, as the greater one's density became, the larger the wingspan necessary to maintain it in the air, even for a gliding purpose. Therefore, the bones of Zingers resembled the avians on earth, sporting shallow bones. Their muscle composition too varied accordingly.

The majority of their muscle function was used to hurl a Prana Bomb at their target. The Royal Zinger was no different, primarily geared to glide high up in the air and unleash ranged attacks onto its target.

But for some reason, Inala was facing the Boar King head-on. 'Someone smart enough to forge a brand-new path would have obviously considered this. Then, why is he going head-to-head against the Boar King?'

"Wait a second…" Once he churned his Prana to the limit and assumed his Kinesis Deity form, Boul Brimgan was able to notice faint sparks form on the Royal Zinger's body at the moment of contact with the Boar King's powerful fists. 'There's something there!'

As he observed, he noticed that when the Boar King's fist was about to strike the Royal Zinger's body, a transparent layer of Prana had coagulated in the form of a barrier. When the fist struck it and went forward, its momentum was somehow dispersed through the layer, burning through a significant portion of the power behind the punch.

Once it reached its limit, it was destroyed, following which, the Boar King's fist impacted the Royal Zinger's arms, shattering only them. As a result, despite the Boar King unleashing enough might to kill the Royal Zinger, he was only able to destroy a couple of its arms.

"My goodness!" Boul Brimgan expressed his shock, having figured out the truth, "It's not a regular Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"Then, what the heck is it?" Geugeu snapped, still failing to control his shock. After all, a mere kid barely a fraction of his age managed to attain something his Cooter Clan had been attempting for thousands of years.

"A Mutated Mystic Grade Pranic Beast." Boul Brimgan said in awe, "It has a Secondary Nature. And it is what is preventing it from being killed by the Boar King."

"And…" After a moment's hesitation, he stared at Geugeu to say, "Based on what I'm able to perceive, the effects of this Secondary Nature seem familiar to an Empyrean Snapper's Subtle Terrain Domination."

"What?" Geugeu blurted out in shock, "Come again! Are you serious?"

"You'd have arrived at the same conclusion if you could observe it in action." Boul Brimgan said and stared at Raaha, "Isn't that child from your Clan?"

"Do you have an idea…" Boul Brimgan stopped upon seeing Raaha's expression, realising immediately, 'Ah, it seems he doesn't know either. Man, sucks to be him. Despite the terrifying strength he possesses, a kid under him attained something he had no idea about.'

"He's named Inala," Raaha said, "He's around thirty-five years old. It has been two decades since he left the Mammoth Clan. He returned a few months ago as a completely different person. But he was still a Mammoth Clansman."

His teeth clattered as Raaha felt an emotion that he couldn't put a handle on, muttering with an expression as if his entire common sense had been destroyed, "If…he had such a plan, the Empyrean Tusk he belongs to ought to have noticed it ages ago. But, this makes no sense. This is unprecedented."

'Basically, Inala managed to figure out a way to keep things away from his Empyrean Tusk. Interesting!' Boul Brimgan stared at the expressions of both Raaha and Geugeu, 'It seems they are unable to bear the fact that a Clansman went against his Deity.'

Both the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan might have different viewpoints, but both of them had a culture of Deity worship. To them, Inala's actions of going against his Empyrean Tusk was a taboo, something that shouldn't exist, something that shouldn't have been possible.

It went against their very sense of existence.

As a Free Human, Boul Brimgan didn't have his thoughts hindered like Raaha and Geugeu. Instead, he took in the situation at face value, observing things in interest, wishing to get a better understanding of Inala's knowledge, 'If a kid aged thirty-five managed to enter the Mystic Grade, then he must have a solid path and understanding regarding the process. As long as I get hints from his path, I'll be able to forge my way to the Mystic Grade too.'

"Guys, there's a lot for us to take in, but let's not lose sight of our objective." Saying so, Boul Brimgan pointed at the figure of the Boar King who was on the other side of the spinning tops, having reached the gate that led to the centre. "We need to follow him before the hole in the gate closes up."

"Otherwise, it'll take us time to chase after him." He said in seriousness, quickly changing the subject to the matter of importance at hand.

If they fail to follow the Boar King on time, then Boul Brimgan would have to fight the Attributed Creature holding the key to the centre. Raaha would have to obtain the key to Compartment 1-B while Geugeu would have to enter Compartment 1-P. From there, they'd have to fight the Attributed Creature holding the key to the centre.

This would make them waste valuable time, before which the Boar King would reach his other body. Even if the two don't fuse, they could still gang up on Inala and destroy him.

'As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he alone can handle a body of the Boar King. As Inala's abilities are brand new, it'd be impossible for the Boar King to think of countermeasures, especially in the centre where there are no Pranic Beasts for him to harvest the Natures of.' Boul Brimgan thought and urged the duo of Raaha and Geugeu to follow him, "This is the best chance to kill the Boar King."

"He's isolated and doesn't have enough recovery means to face us all."

"Okay," His expression was cloudy, feeling betrayed. But Raaha set it aside to focus on his ultimate task, which was to kill the Boar King, thinking as he stared at the duo accompanying him, 'The Boar King's primary target is the Mammoth Clan. I wouldn't get another opportunity to be accompanied by powerhouses like these two.'

'As Boul Brimgan said, this is the best chance to kill the Boar King.' His gaze focused as Raaha seeped Prana into the plasma sword in his hand and continued to strengthen it.

At the same time, in the centre, the trio of Resha, Orakha, and Virala recovered after being bombarded with attacks by the Boar King.

'I made a mistake.' Resha sighed as he glared at Compartment 1-K to observe the figures of Brana and Baga. To not lose track of the Boar King, Resha churned all his power on himself and leapt through the hole in the gate.

In that situation, he couldn't bring the two with him. As a result, he couldn't use them as bait against the Boar King.

Barla and Braga were already in the Boar King's stomach biome. Therefore, Resha no longer had the family card to use against the Boar King.

'Good, at least she's capable.' He thought upon observing Asaeya capture Brana and Baga. After Akashic Transfer was used on them to steal the Boar King's senses, the duo were bereft of Prana.

As a result, they were unable to resist being captured by Asaeya. She didn't know what to do after that though, for killing the two wouldn't accomplish anything other than to unnecessarily piss off the Boar King.

They could be used as a hostage when alive. She kept them safe with that thought while standing before the gate that led into the centre.

A thought later, Resha flew towards the Royal Zinger that had been slammed into the wall, shouting, "Inala, give me the key to Compartment 1-K. I'll grab Baga and…"

"Please don't do anything stupid, Resha." Inala's Royal Zinger opened its mouth and unleashed a grating voice, one that seemed high-pitched and tremored nonstop, "I have the means to fight this body. So let me take care of this one."

"You go ahead and stop the one currently in Compartment 1-A." Saying so, the Royal Zinger regenerated its injuries and rushed towards the Boar King, "They're planning something terrifying. So prevent the second body from joining up with this one."

"Don't underestimate the Boar King. He's not the simplistic overpowered character you fought." His eight-hundred-metre-

long arms perched upon the floor, faintly digging into it for grip and craned all his strength through the eight arms to launch his body forward.

His wings fluttered as he glided towards the Boar King, only to be sent flying back faster by the latter.

"A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast? You're weak!" The Boar King roared as he rained down punches upon the Royal Zinger, grunting in pain as he was steadily growing older. At some point in time, he had begun to feel mild aches in his joints, following which his back started to hurt.

Now, he was starting to feel a disinclination to learning new things while the lustrous hair on his Empyrean Boar King form got more and more dull. Basically, he was growing old.

Followed by a roar, he rammed into the Royal Zinger, lodging his tusks deep into the latter's thigh.

Inala was focused on the opponent. Even though he was being beaten up badly, his reserves were still at full capacity. He was slowly but surely consuming the Boar King's strength, using his status as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to garner the Boar King's attention.

As Asaeya was standing right before the gate between Compartment 1-K and the centre, the Boar King could see that Brana and Baga were held hostage by her. That's all. They were merely held hostage, nothing more.

Asaeya hadn't laid any demands. Instead, she merely held them and observed the fight. It was apparent that the Mammoth Clan would use them to blackmail the Boar King later, but that meant that his kids would be safe until then.

Unlike Resha who was trying his best to kill them, Asaeya hadn't displayed any such inclination. This meant that as long as the Boar King took care of this Mystic Grade threat before him, he could focus on retrieving his kids from Asaeya, 'She's that woman with the power of a Grim Knell. It's a powerful ability, but I can already protect myself from it. And without other targets for Akashic Transfer, she'll be helpless.'

This was his thought process, which was why he could focus all his attention on Inala, something the latter wanted too.

Asaeya had been living with Inala for two decades. She had a good understanding of his thought process. Hence, even without the need to communicate, she understood his intentions. Therefore, by showing her intention to hold the Boar King's two sons hostage, she also expressed that the duo were safe in her possession, allowing the Boar King to give his everything to fight Inala and die from old age.

It was a solid plan with a practical guarantee of success. Unfortunately for Inala, Resha wasn't the type to listen, since his thought process worked towards other intentions.

"What the…?" Asaeya gasped to see the bodies of Brana and Baga emanate a field of gravity and break free of her hold to fly towards a spinning top.



Chapter 543 Perfect Biome Domination

The body of the Boar King at Compartment 1-A was constantly drawing in Bolts of Transcendence nonstop. Through them, he was also consuming the influence of the Attributed Region.

A glance at the latter, and Resha felt that the Boar King wasn't recklessly moving about in anger like before. Instead, he was accumulating something. 'His mind's most definitely comprehending the sea of information that flowed into his mind space through the Bolts of Transcendence.'

Information that only Transcendents could obtain. Even the strongest of cultivators trying to become a Transcendent gathered a dozen Bolts of Transcendence. But what about the Boar King? Even if a majority of them had been destroyed by the Attributed Region, the Boar King had summoned at least a hundred bolts.

Inala had summoned 24 Bolts of Transcendence in total in order to evolve. This was the amount necessary to fuse his two bodies, five Natures, One Minor Treasure, one Major Treasure, and three pieces of Sumatra Gold into a singular whole.

The Boar King didn't have anything like that which could consume the power of the Bolt of Transcendence. Instead, he was voraciously consuming them.

Inala had sensed that long ago, which was why he asked Resha to target this Boar King. The body of the Boar King in the centre too had planned something but stopped summoning Bolts of Transcendence once he arrived at the centre, for there was no reason to do so anymore.

It did consume a lot of Prana to heal the wounds carved by the remnant power in a Bolt of transcendence, not to mention dozens of the same. Hence, he was conserving his power. This meant that in terms of danger level, despite being tremendously stronger, the body of the Boar King in the centre was less dangerous than the one at Compartment 1-A.

But even though Inala had asked Resha to stop this Boar King from reaching the centre, realistically speaking, Resha didn't have the means to stop the latter.

This body of the Boar King was on his last leg, deprived of all his Prana reserve, having resorted to combusting his muscles and other parts of the body to generate enough Prana to heal the wounds from the Bolts of Transcendence.

Despite it, he was actively summoning more bolts. And as long as these bolts continued to approach him, Resha would be unable to target him. He did have the Major Treasure of Cure. But without any plans, the moment a single Bolt of Transcendence touches him, he would be vaporised.

The Boar King was able to harness the bolts from various angles, having better control over the process after doing it so many times. Therefore, the moment Resha approaches anywhere near the latter, a bolt would indeed vaporise him.

Most of all, Yarsha Zahara was accompanying him. Resha couldn't bring himself to kill her. In a dangerous situation, he might instinctively move to protect her, which would only allow the Boar King to enter the centre and rejoin with his other body.

He weighed the pros and cons and judged that since he couldn't stop the Boar King in Compartment 1-K, he would instead target the one in the centre and lure him back to Compartment 1-K. The spinning tops in Compartment 1-K were powerful enough to kill the Boar King.

Since Resha had already used his Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone to refine the skeleton of Brangara's four kids and had poured in enough power of Perfect Inertial Gravity in them, he could take action with a thought.

"Shit!" Asaeya condensed two Spirit Weapons and hurled them at the figures of Brana and Baga, grunting upon seeing a repulsive force of gravity originate from their bodies and push themselves away from her Spirit Weapons.

This repulsion force used the momentum of her Spirit Weapons to fly away, angling themselves to a spinning top. In two to three seconds, they would make contact with a spinning top and be dissolved instantly.

Without assuming their Empyrean Boar forms, their bodies were too fragile to last for even a fraction of a second against a spinning top. Their deaths were assured unless the Boar King did something about it.

The moment the figures of Brana and Baga flew away from Asaeya's grasp, the Boar King was already on his way towards the gate. "Fucker! How many times will you pull the same fucking shit?"

"Until you're dead!" Resha said and took flight, remaining beyond the immediate range of the Boar King. This way, he could avoid both the Bolts of Transcendence and any shockwaves unleashed by the Boar King fast enough.

But it was still close enough to follow the Boar King through the hole in the gate, a perfectly calculated distance. In his hurry to rescue his children, the Boar King had to fight for every single second. Hence, he couldn't split his attention towards Resha, for that would result in him failing to save his kids.

A stream of Prana spanning a length of a hundred metres latched onto the Boar King's back. Trailing towards its end was Inala, having reverted to human form. The stream of Prana split into eight, allowing him greater balance and control.

By distributing the required force among the eight streams, Inala could pull himself closer to the Boar King faster. He could also evade or move away at the same speed.

The moment Resha acted otherwise, Inala was able to guess his thought process. Upon understanding that Resha had some logic, he changed his plans. There was no time or room for a conflict, so it was best to cooperate.

Inala had the capability to change his plans on the fly to suit the situation, so he made adjustments accordingly. But that didn't mean he wasn't angry at Resha, cursing upon seeing the latter fly alongside him, "Retard."

"What do you know about my plans?" Resha cursed in response, "I've been on the right track all along."

"To avoid the worst-case scenario, you took a path that led to that exact, fucking scenario." Inala clicked his tongue in disgust, "You think the rest of us couldn't target his kids? I, Virala, and Orakha had plenty of chances. But we didn't target them for a reason, dumbass."

A Bolt of Transcendence flew towards the gate and slammed into it, poking open a hole. The path it took was in line with Inala and Resha as the duo evaded in a hurry.

The Boar King assumed human form to leap through the small hole that had formed, trying to keep it small enough that Resha would be unable to pass through. In human forms, the Boar King was short as compared to Resha.

But Resha was prepared, spiking his field of gravity to fly towards the Boar King faster. Through his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100, he turned into an Iron Grade Pranic Beast with the smallest possible body, barely managing to enter the hole while ignoring a portion of his body that was dissolved by the closing wall.

As Inala had the key, he passed through the gate normally and condensed a Biome Bomb in his hand. The wind was pushed out fiercely to form gales as he assumed Royal Zinger form, hurling the Biome Bomb at tremendous speeds that almost resembled a flash of lightning.

The Boar King unleashed concentrated Prana Shocks at the spinning top approaching his kids, using the impact to slow down its approach. His figure then grabbed the kids and landed on the spinning top, kicking it away by a couple of metres.

He inspected the condition of Brana and Baga, relieved that they were alive. But then, a Biome Bomb phased through his arm, making him only feel as if the wind had brushed past faintly. It had wrapped around Brana and instantly compressed itself to perfectly layer his body.

In the interior, Brana was trapped, failing to break free as the Biome Bomb was tremendously tough. Eight streams of Prana jutted out of the Biome Bomb externally, appearing no different from the strings of Prana created using the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis.

The eight strings latched onto the Boar King's arm and began to steal his Lifespan. Right as the Boar King intended to destroy the Biome Bomb, the strings of Prana elongated themselves while the surface became slippery, causing the Biome Bomb to slip out of his hand.

The eight strings of Prana seemed alive, acting like an octopus to maintain distance between the Boar King and the Biome Bome.

"Dammit!" The Boar King grunted and extended his hand to grab a string, only to see it detach and attach to another location on his arm. A second string curved beyond his reach and maintained contact.

Like a living octopus, the eight strings acted like legs to run across the Boar King's arm, continuing to steal his Lifespan in the process. At the same time, a second Biome Bomb appeared and enveloped Baga, repeating the same.

Even though the Boar King managed to save his kids, Inala used them to target him better. And as both the Biome Bombs perfectly wrapped around his kids, in fear of harming them, the Boar King couldn't even take drastic actions.

The Biome Bombs had the functions of both Tangible Psychokinesis and an Enrino's Satellite. After all, Inala took advantage of the Major Treasure of Attribute's power and fused it with the data of an Enrino into the evolution of his Primary Nature.

Hence, by infusing his Prana into a Biome Bomb, Inala could give it instructions, making it capable of sentient thought—by using the mind aspect of Prana—until all the Prana he had infused in it is consumed.

As a result, the Biome Bomb was capable of moving on its own. And with two of them grabbing all of the Boar King's attention, Inala condensed a third Biome Bomb, feeling sweat drip down his forehead, 'I'm using too much power for my first time. But no other choice. This is indeed a great opportunity to kill him, before he succeeds in whatever he's planning.'

The third Biome Bomb slammed into the Boar King's right leg and morphed to form a layer on the leg. Inala transformed into a male Royal Zinger as this Biome Bomb rapidly absorbed Prana from the Boar King's right leg and created a terrain within it.

This terrain formed a small layer on the inner surface, in an instant taking on a grey sheen. The faint layer managed to consume all the Prana being stolen from the Boar King like an unquenchable sinkhole.

Two seconds later, the layer turned into grey sand as the effects of Sandy-Grey Void were fully unleashed within the Biome Bomb. Immediately after, the effects of the grey sand targeted the Boar King's leg, rapidly drilling into it, with every single particle of grey sand behaving as if it was alive. The reason being?

"Fuuoh!" Sweat dripped from his forehead as Inala felt a ginormous strain even in his Mystic Grade Pranic Beast form, activating the power that made him a Mutated Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!



Chapter 544 Data Thief Inala

﻿﻿Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic. What were the progressive advantages that a Pranic Beast experienced upon entering a higher Grade? An increase in physical might and body size, an increase in the mind's computing power and processing speed, and an increase in the presence and lifespan.

Body, mind, and soul became elevated on a fundamental level, reflected in the Prana used by the Pranic Beast as it evolved to higher Grades. Since Inala was doing the same, he pondered for a long time.

How does he best make use of this advantage, since he planned to enter the Mystic Grade conditionally? After a lot of time, by taking reference from Orakha's Compound Human Avatar, he had his answer—a compound Nature.

Nature was an aspect of the Pranic Beast unleashed through Prana. Its activation conditions weren't limited to Prana alone. For example, consider the Centinger's Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery. Before it unleashes an artillery strike, it would grow spikes along its long neck.

It would then activate the Nature. There would be responses generated by its body, mind, and soul before it unleashes an artillery strike. A change in mass, the generation of new body parts, and a certain sequence of movements by the parts were a physical indicator.

The mind would calculate the trajectory of the artillery strike, the angle it would take during flight, the target spot, the melting potency necessary for the attack, and finally, the Skills used to control and unleash it as needed. This was the mental indicator.

Nothing regarding the soul had an indicator other than the spike in one's presence. But that was only because of how little Sumatra Continent understood the soul aspect of Prana.

Despite that, the Centinger's body grew in such a way that it was perfected to unleash an artillery strike, keeping the process as efficient as possible.

Whenever the Boar King used it, his Prana was consumed at rates three to four times than a Centinger to grow spikes, since his body wasn't accustomed to growing it naturally. The case was true for Virala too when he used the Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery.

So, without a suitable body, the Boar King experienced a greater physical and mental strain to unleash an Artillery strike. In terms of complexities, the Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery was one of the most complex Natures in Sumatra.

However, at the end of the day, it was a Silver Grade Nature. When the Centinger's evolved counterpart, the Millinger unleashed the Bone-Melting Artillery, it displayed a level of control over the ability that a group of Centingers combined couldn't.

The number of spikes was numerous, they were heavier, had a higher potency of melting properties, and best of all, the Millinger could incorporate dozens of trajectory arcs in a single volley. This level of control was stellar, a reason the Millingers were one of the most dangerous Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

But Inala's judgement upon fully comprehending the Millinger's data was this—the Millingers were a wasted potential.

Bone-Melting Artillery as a Gold Grade Nature wasn't complex enough to fully harness the physical and mental capabilities of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, especially one as capable as a Millinger. It could have been even stronger and still be used by the Millinger without any strain.

This was the conclusion he had arrived at. Millingers weren't alone in this regard. The mutated variant of all Pranic Beasts, though absurdly strong, didn't have Natures capable of fully harnessing their physical and mental might. Hence, Inala wanted to evolve his power in such a way that he would be able to fully take advantage of a Royal Zinger's body and mind.

The result he arrived at was a compound Nature. A Nature so complex that it had multiple facets to its usage.

The core essence of Mystic Royalty was the absorption, storage, consumption, and transmission of Prana and Lifeforce.

Mystic Royalty was created by the fusion of his Nature of Royalty, the evolution of his Quip Tribe to Quip Clan, Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis, Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis, and Major Treasure of Attribute.

Through the Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Inala stabilised, improved, and engraved the data of countless Pranic Beasts into his skeleton, treating it as an Information Slip to later be recognised as his genetic data.

This data primarily consisted of a voracious sum of information regarding Enrinos and Enrans, sourced from dozens of their kind to obtain as many variations of their data as possible. Inala engraved it into his Sumatra Gold skeleton as if it were his genetic information.

He did the same to the data of Zinger, Millinger, and Mudropper. Finally, through the constant power of assimilation unleashed by Maroppa using her Primary Nature, Inala stored a copious sum of it in his Sumatra Gold skeleton.

Its purpose was simple—to engrave the Bolt of Transcendence as part of his genetic information too.

The Bolt of Transcendence was an energy cluster containing a vast sea of information. Hence, it too could be engraved onto his Sumatra Gold skeleton, considering the properties of Sumatra Gold.

Inala abused the heck of this pinnacle mineral, extracting a hundred percent of its utility. One piece was enough for his evolution. He used the second piece to accurately adjust the result of his Primary Nature. The third piece was similarly used to control the result of his Secondary Nature.

Hence, from the very beginning, Inala was aware of what Natures he would be obtaining post-evolution, since he had been planning them down to the genetic information.

His Prana had the characteristics of his Primary Nature. Hence, the Biome Bombs he makes could behave as Satellites. It could create eight strings of Prana—in substance similar to the ones created by the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis—at the Mystic Grade.

These strings were superior in tensile strength, psychokinesis, etc. as compared to the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis when Inala's Royal Zinger form was in the Gold and Mystic Grade.

The strings could absorb the Prana and Lifeforce of its target, act alive, and even behave as legs to make the Biome Bomb move.

The maximum size of the Biome Bomb was 180 metres—the same as his maximum Spirit Weapon range. At maximum size, there was no room for the strings to appear externally.

Suppose the radius of the Biome Bomb is 50 metres, then the maximum possible length for the prana strings was 130 metres. If the radius is 110 metres, the maximum length possible for the Prana strings is 70 metres.

They can steal the Prana and Lifeforce of a target, use the Biome Bomb as a reservoir, and transmit it to any target of their choice. If Inala so wanted, he could infuse the Boar King's Prana and Lifeforce to Resha without issues.

Even Zinger's Prana Bombs filtered the target's Prana into the fluid within, turning it into a form that could be consumed universally. Inala's Biome Bomb had an advanced application of the same. He could accurately morph the Prana to suit the target.

This way, the Prana being infused into them had the same characteristics as their Prana, allowing their body to instantly absorb and wield it. Inala only needed to come in contact with the target to morph the Prana in his Biome Bomb to suit the latter's being.

This was created by the fusion of the Inhibition Needle into the working mechanism of Prana Bombs.

Biome Bombs stored Prana and Lifeforce in energy forms at the Silver Grade, terrain at the Gold Grade, and Lifeforms at the Mystic Grade. As long as he was at the necessary Grade or above, Inala could freely decide the form of storage.

At the Silver, Gold, and Mystic Grade, the Nature of Mystic Royalty harnessed the entirety of his physical and mental might, unlocking functions accordingly.

Mystic Royalty was enough for the majority of situations thanks to its various capabilities. But it only gave Inala control-

type powers. In the case he wanted direct combat powers to target an opponent, there was his Secondary Nature.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

This was created by the fusion of the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, Subtle Terrain Dominance, and Spatial Immune System. This was in terms of Natures. Inala also incorporated the Prime Skills of Empyrean Extraction and Mind Slip into its creation, also adding in the cultivation techniques of Mystic Bone Art, Mystic Mist Art, and Gold Kinesis Art, resulting in this Nature.

He could manipulate everything in a Biome Bomb. That was the simplest definition of his Secondary Nature. In terms of controlling terrain, he could perform it on the same level as an Empyrean Snapper. Of course, that was at Gold Grade and above. At the Silver Grade, his level of control would be the same as what a Silver Grade Cooter Clansman displayed for a fluid.

This control also extended to the bodies of anyone within the Biome Bomb. He could control their weight similar to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity, and morph their flesh through the combined use of Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art. And finally, he could refine their bodies.

After he evolved, Inala no longer could use these three cultivation techniques, for they were unsuitable for the Zinger race. If he were to use it, he would permanently lose Prana according to the degree of usage.

But they weren't necessary, for he could unleash their function through his Secondary Nature. The best aspect of this is that Inala could instantly surround himself with a Biome Bomb, making it reach his maximum Spirit Weapon range.

Once done, he could control the terrain enveloped by it, capable of moving like an Empyrean Snapper. And if a living being were to remain within his Biome Bomb, Inala could steadily access their data without harming them.

This was one of his motives too, the reason why he was taking it slow against the Boar King. After all, he was stealing data from the latter. Now that Brana and Baga were caught in his Biome Bombs, their data was being absorbed by the Biome Bombs.

The moment Inala is within range of 180 metres from them, they could transmit all the data to him, which would allow him to understand greatly their Natures, their past, their experience, and best of all, the cultivation technique they practised.



Chapter 545 In The Face of Death

Once his Biome Bomb was at Gold Grade, Inala could create any terrain that he had complete knowledge about. This knowledge basically stemmed from any race living in the region as natives.

Climate, soil composition, interaction of the flora with the environment, etc. All this information would be present in the data of a creature native to the region. Once Inala was equipped with that data, he could condense Prana to form the same terrain.

But this was limited to inorganic matter. As for organic matter, which he could only create at the Mystic Grade, he was limited to only those at the Dieng Canyon.

As for the terrain that he could condense within his Biome Bomb at the Gold Grade and above, Inala had four special versions: Sumatra Gold, Sandy-Grey Void, Attributed Region, and Bolt of Transcendence.

It was through Maroppa's power that Inala could fuse Sumatra Gold into his skeleton. He already had all her data—gained from her child. Hence, it was possible for him to create grey sand.

As he had consumed three pieces of Sumatra Gold and assimilated its power down to a genetic level, he could create them too. The Attributed Region was created under the influence of the Major Treasure of Attribute. Since that too was a part of his genetic information now, Inala could condense the Attributed Region.

Finally, the Bolt of Transcendence. When he tanked them, Inala actively encoded the data carried by it into his genetics, taking advantage of his Mystic Path to do so.

These four terrains were special. And even though they consumed an exorbitant amount of Prana to be created, they will be his trump cards for a variety of situations.

At the Dralh Sea, Wittral was able to control grey sand through Subtle Terrain Domination. But his Prana expenditure was severe for the process while his mind was strained beyond his limit. As a result, he couldn't control grey sand with the finesse he displayed over other terrain.

The case was the same for Inala if he wanted to control the Sandy-Grey Void in the Sanrey Plains or beyond the Sumatra Continent's border. But in the case of controlling the Sandy-Grey Void produced by him in his Biome Bomb, he could perfectly control it.

Using all the Prana that he had stolen from the Boar King, Inala created a lump of grey sand that formed a layer in the Biome Bomb wrapped around the Boar King's right leg.

He wasn't a Mudropper. Hence, his efficiency in the creation of grey sand was many times lower. But that didn't matter, as grey sand could devour all matter to grow in mass and volume.

Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala could also control the shape, size, and density of the Biome Bomb. It was what he had been relying upon until now to guard against the Boar King's punches.

After forming a layer over him, the Biome Bomb will fill up the faint space between its inner surface and Inala's epidermis with compressed air. When the Boar King's punch lands on the Biome Bomb, through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala would transfer the shockwaves across the layer of air, causing it to concentrate in spots tangentially to his body.

Once the stress surpasses the Biome Bomb's structural limit, the air would poke a hole and gush out at tremendous speeds. And as it gushes out, it brings with it all the momentum behind the punch.

The principle it followed was no different from a shock absorber used in the suspension system for vehicles on Earth. The Biome Bomb would shatter once it absorbed as much of the impact behind the Boar King's punch as possible.

Thanks to this, the Boar King's fist lost most of its power by the time it slammed into Inala.

Inala had been accumulating experience just to prepare for a fight post-evolution. It was why he could exercise such precise control. But at the end of the day, he had just obtained this power. So, he was doing everything manually, without the aid of Skills.

If he had Skills and more experience, he could have created multiple such layers to defend against the Boar King better. 'But it's fine. I'm winning against him.'

Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala manipulated the grey sand to dig into the Boar King's right leg and invade his bloodstream, intending to spread across his body. Once this happens, even the Boar King would have no other option but to accept his death.

Even if Inala fails to cause that, as long as he manages to sneak a particle or two of the grey sand into the Boar King's stomach biome, it too could be counted as a win, 'Without the reserve of Prana being generated by the stomach biome, the Boar King would die.'

Controlling the grey sand at the particle level, causing each particle to move in a different direction to target the Boar King's right leg placed a significant burden even on Inala's Mystic Grade Royal Zinger brain.

Boom!

Suddenly, a spinning top crashed into the Boar King and began to slowly dissolve his body, overcoming his density that was reinforced by over twenty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

"Argh! Just…fucking…die!" Resha grunted as he poured Prana nonstop into the Gravity Tunnel erected between the spinning top and the Boar King. This kept the spinning top in contact with the Boar King, steadily destroying the latter's body.

'I can't reach them!' The Boar King stared at the faces of Brana and Baga helplessly, watching the two Biome Bombs control their eight strings of Prana respectively to evade his grabs. He could unleash a thrust of air to blow them away, but doing that would create an opportunity for Resha to grab them once again.

He finally managed to get a hold of his kids after so much effort, unwilling to part ways with them once again and watch a detestable Resha put them in danger repeatedly.

"Get…Lost!" The Boar King grunted and punched the spinning top, extricating himself from it. He then kicked it and used the rebound to flicker towards Resha, shouting in frustration to see Resha use the force of repulsion to use the Boar King's momentum against him.

As long as the force of repulsion exists, the Boar King will be unable to touch Resha. Moreover, the latter had enough control on the ability to angle his forcefield in such a way that like a coin of carrom, he moved in between the spinning tops.

And by stacking more layers of gravity flux, he repelled himself away from the spinning tops too. Hence, without any active need to control his body, Resha flew without coming in contact with any external entities.

As a result, the Boar King failed to kill him, forcing him to target Inala, who was no different from a turtle, "Dammit! Can't you just fucking die?"

"Punch me harder then," Inala commented as the Boar King slammed his body on the wall of the Attributed Region, causing the flowing dense water to dissolve his head and kill him.

But the moment his head came in contact with the wall, Inala reverted to human form and coiled eight strings of Prana to form a spring, compressed them in one full action, and released his hold—of psychokinesis—over them, sending his body flying away in a safer direction, evading the Boar King.

A fraction of a second later, he assumed Royal Zinger form and gained enough physical strength to tank a punch from the Boar King once again.

'If I can't target you, then I'll target someone you care about!' The Boar King changed targets to Asaeya, only to see that the moment he showed an inclination towards that, Inala wrapped a Biome Bomb around Asaeya.

It grew eight legs—made out of strings of Prana—and ran away to hide behind the spinning tops. Besides, this was merely a means of protection. Even if Asaeya dies, there would be no worries, for a body of her remained in safety at the Mammoth Clan.

Therefore, there was no sense of urgency displayed by Inala at the Boar King's action, uttering calmly, "This is her second body. So yeah, continue to target her, if you can afford to, that is."

"Urgh!" The Boar King collapsed on the floor, observing that his right leg had been eaten up to a decent extent by now. The quantity of grey sand was increasing in the area as his right leg resembled a jet-black piece.

The effects of Sandy-Grey Void were being unleashed within the Biome Bomb that had wrapped around his leg. Hence, it looked like that externally. The Boar King contracted his muscles and wriggled them in an effort to eject the particles of grey sand. He was good at controlling his body at the minute level.

It was why when push came to shove, he was able to combust his body at the perfect amount necessary to bring him out of the dangerous situation. That was usually the case. Unfortunately for him though, Inala was actively using Perfect Biome Domination to reroute the particles of grey sand deeper into the Boar King's leg.

Targeting his leg, stealing data from his children, and evading his blows, Inala was fighting the Boar King on three different fronts and was winning them all.

"Shit!" The Boar King had never felt this vexed before, unleashing a series of shockwaves to shred the strings of Prana carrying the Biome Bombs holding his two sons. But when shredded, the Biome Bombs naturally used the Boar King's Lifeforce to regenerate themselves.

And when hard-pressed for energy, they even stole Lifeforce from his sons. Brana and Baga were equivalent to Mystic Boars, having a Lifespan surpassing a millennium. So, there was enough Lifeforce reserve in them to heal the Biome Bombs.

"Ahhhh!" The Boar King screamed whenever this happened, able to see his two sons visibly age before him. His eyes were bloodthirsty as he glared at Inala, "You…bastard!"

"You target the Biome Bombs holding your sons, they'll use the lifespan of your kids to heal themselves. Do nothing, and you'll die of old age." Inala said as he caused some particles of grey sand to drill closer to the Boar King's hips, about to reach his stomach biome, "Your only option is to surrender."

"I only want your death. If you accede to my proposition, I'll give you my word that your children will be safe." Inala said and eyed Resha, "If you want, he'll accompany you to the afterlife while your children will live prosperous lives. I guarantee that as a fellow Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"If you don't accept it, we'll both continue to give our all until you die." He uttered coldly, not stopping for an instant as the figures of him and the Boar King continued to flicker across Compartment 1-K, exchanging hundreds of attacks.

Crunch!

Suddenly, the Boar King's confidence took a hit when one of his teeth—incisor—fell out, an evident sign that he had approached the later ends of his lifespan. Once again, he felt the same emotion that he had experienced when he was a child.

The fear of approaching death and the brutality of his helplessness before it.



Chapter 546 Run Away!

﻿﻿"D-Dad…please, don't worry about…us." Brana roared in desperation upon seeing his father in such a plight, "Please, Dad! Please! Survive!"

"I'm dead as a father if I abandon my children!" The Boar King gritted his teeth and targeted the two Biome Bombs latched to his body, trying his best to grab them and pry them away from his children. His hands began to move faster and faster, raising his speed by repeatedly alternating between weightlessness and heaviness in order to chase after the strings and grab them respectively.

Less than ten seconds later, he managed to grab a string, only to see the Biome Bomb sever the string and condense a new one. As for the energy source required to condense it? Both the Biome Bombs were steadily stealing the Boar King's Prana and Lifeforce.

Thump!

His right knee slammed into the floor, no longer having the strength to get up as the Boar King severed it upon observing that he was unable to block the grey sand's invasion. But his problems didn't end there.

A moment later, eight strings jutted out of the Biome Bomb covering the severed leg and latched onto his body, revealing an opening through which grey sand spilt out. It was trying to target his other leg.

Prana surged in the stump of his right leg, intending to regenerate it. But in shock, he saw that the process was…damn slow. He was no longer in his prime. As a result, it was difficult for him to recover from injuries as easily as in his prime.

Something that would have taken him a fraction of a second would take minutes now. This regenerative speed was superior to Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and was on par with quite a few Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

But for a pinnacle existence like the Boar King, this duration basically seemed like forever. His heart felt strained to pump blood through his body, unable to endure his dense state.

The Boar King could feel that his body's density was steadily dropping. No, all his twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity were still active. Yes, his stomach biome was still supplying Prana as usual.

However, the problem stemmed from the fact that due to his old age, his body and mind were unable to handle such a workload. Hence, the efficiency of his Prana began to drop, resulting in power vastly below what he was capable of in his prime.

The unfortunate reality of old age is that both your body and mind are no longer what they used to be. Stuff that you could casually execute in your prime could become insurmountable tasks now. And it only got progressively worse with the passage of time.

"Leave us, Dad!" Baga shouted while coughing up blood as the disease ridding him became stronger. As all his Prana had been expended already, his body's defences were at their lowest, making him more prone to the disease.

As a result, they were steadily approaching the end stage of the disease that Yennda had inflicted upon them, which was to become no different from a cripple, unable to do anything on their own and requiring significant care.

Yennda ensured that the disease wouldn't kill them. But it would very well bring them to death's door and give them a VIP experience. This was done originally to force the Boar King into leaving for the Cooter Clan in an effort to cure his kids.

Resha's actions changed everything, destroying whatever plan that others had crafted for the Wean Tribe.

"What's the use of surviving if you're dead?" Tears streamed out of his eyes in helplessness as the Boar King now seemed no different from a weary old man who was unable to protect his family in this dangerous world, "The last thing I want is to survive alone…"

"Big sister is alive!" Baga shouted, "And Braga is too. They're both in your stomach biomes. If you die, they'll die too. Dad! Just save them!"

Baga took in a deep breath before he opened his mouth and bit onto his tongue hard, intending to commit suicide.

"No!" The Boar King mourned as he collapsed to the ground, pleading, "Please! Stop it! My kids…spare them!"

"Why should we?" Resha snorted, his eyes bone-chilling. His face then scrunched up in surprise to see a tendril touch Baga and rapidly supply Lifespan to him, allowing his tongue to regrow in a matter of seconds and even make him a tad younger. He glared at Inala, "What is the meaning of this?"

Ignoring Resha's anger, Inala approached the Boar King, "As long as I'm alive, your kids will be safe. Just as I can steal your lifespan, I can give it back too. Your kids will live prosperous lives. I guarantee that. If they want to avenge you, I'll always face them fair and square."

He stared at the Boar King, "As long as you accept death, I'll protect your kids and ensure they develop to be on par with the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan."

"Do you…truly vow to do that?" The Boar King stared at Inala in a daze, "Why are you targeting me? We don't have any enmity."

"You're a Pranic Beast." The Boar King expressed helplessness, "To date, I have supported countless Pranic Beast races to grow and prosper. So, why do you hate me so much?"

"I don't hate you," Inala said and reverted to human form, revealing his male figure, "My daughter is Gannala."

"Do you understand now?"

"Ah…" The Boar King said as he slumped his head in defeat, having grown even older now, barely having a couple dozen seconds left to live. "This is…a repeat of history."

"It's not," Inala said and reverted to Royal Zinger form, keeping his guard up, "The only one dying today is you. Your family will be safe."

"I guarantee it on my name."

"Is that so…" The Boar King gazed at his kids helplessly one last time, on the verge of deactivating his Natures as he no longer had the physical and mental strength left to keep them active anymore, "I'm sorry. I wasn't strong enough."

"I…hope you keep your word." He stared at Inala and closed his eyes, ready to accept his death. But then, his face twisted upon seeing his second body land on the gate connecting Compartment 1-K to the centre. The two bodies were within range of 180 metres from each other, allowing their minds to be connected.

There was chaos in the connection, as the influences almost treated them as two separate individuals. But there was still an exchange of information, allowing him to understand everything.

Keuk!

The second body of the Boar King was sent flying as Geugeu transformed into a thundercloud and bombarded them. Boul Brimgan brought out nine golden feline giants and ganged up on him while Raaha made a beeline towards Yarsha Zahara and kicked her away first.

Once she was out of the picture, he thrust his plasma sword at the Boar King, aiming for his neck.

The first body was on the verge of death from old age while the second was about to be killed by the combined trio of Geugeu, Raaha, and Boul Brimgan.

Staring at the scene while still trembling in fear from various Compartments of Layer One were Empyrean Tusks. They instinctively feared the Boar King, unwilling to get close to him despite the situation being in their favour.

It was why when the Boar King was chasing after Resha, no Empyrean Tusk targeted him, including Rhanalla who was the second strongest. Instead, she ran away to an adjacent Path. After all, her Primary Nature was screaming at her to flee.

Even now, it was the same as she shouted, trying to communicate with the figure of Orakha who was the closest. They were separated by the walls of the Attributed Region, but as it was transparent, they could see each other.

"Run!"

She shouted, communicating it with Orakha through her body language.

"Why? We're on the verge of winning." Orakha said and pointed at both the bodies of the Boar King being bombarded by Inala's side and Raaha's side respectively.

"No, Run!" She shouted, expressing the urgency of the matter further.

"Wait a second…" Orakha felt a chill as he stared at Compartment 1-O and saw the Empyrean Tusk there exhibiting the same behaviour as Rhanalla. He noticed the Empyrean Tusk in Compartment 1-P doing the same.

1-B, 1-C, 1-D, and so on, in every Compartment of Layer 1 that had an Empyrean Tusk, Orakha observed that they were standing before the gates with a sense of urgency, shouting at him to run and also convey it to the trio targeting the Boar King.

"Virala, do you know what they're talking about…?" Orakha turned to his side and asked Virala, only to see the latter had transformed into an Empyrean Boar King and now was already close to a gate, sprinting at top speed, about to enter the Compartment on Layer One that he had a key for. "This fucker!"

Though Orakha was angry, he realised that Virala had a stronger situational awareness than him. The fact that he was desperately running away in this situation where they had an upper hand meant that things weren't as they seemed.

It was then did Orakha realised something was amiss, 'Wait! Why is Yarsha not retaliating after being sent flying by Raaha? With her speed, she should have joined the battle by now.'

He turned in her direction and observed her unleashing Prana Shocks in large numbers to move to the other corner of the Attributed Region's centre, going as far away from the Boar King as possible. 'She's…running away?'

He stared at both the figures of the Boar King, 'Inala and Resha are right next to the first body. The three powerhouses are next to the second body. This is…?'

'All of the Boar King's threats are in his proximity now!' A sense of foreboding enveloped him as Orakha bellowed, "Chief! Run! Run Away!"

"The Boar King is acting!"

An instant after his shout, over a hundred Bolts of Transcendence impacted the Attributed Region, damaging it beyond recovery. And then, a pillar of light exploded out and expanded into the skies limitlessly, displaying a phenomenon no different from when the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself.

But this…was stronger!



Chapter 547 The Wean Clan Arrives

﻿﻿It started from the moment the mysterious eye targeted the Boar King. When the Bolt of Transcendence slammed into him through it, the Boar King gained information regarding the eye's functions.

And when they split, both the bodies took on their respective tasks. The first body would focus on reclaiming their children while the second body would save Yarsha Zahara.

But just as when the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself in Sumatra Chronicles, the Boar King felt pressured upon sensing something that could pose a threat to his existence.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the only threat he faced was from the Attributed Region. Hence, after some observation, he concluded that as long as he reached the 5-Life Stage, he'd be able to overpower the Attributed Region.

He would at most have to activate a Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to destroy the place. Since the solution was readily available to him, the Boar King didn't have to think much about maintaining his seat as the supreme existence of Sumatra.

But in this timeline, that wasn't the case. He didn't just see the Attributed Region but also had to face the eye, which too was a Major Treasure's Influenced Region. He barely managed to escape it at the cost of losing a body.

At least, he could destroy them once he progresses through the Life Stage and accumulates more bodies. But what about his enemies? There were plenty this time, with a good number of them being competent.

And unlike in Sumatra Chronicles, the Boar King now had a family to worry about. Even if he were to reach the 10-Life Stage, the Boar King would be unable to leave his family because of two reasons.

First, the moment he was to split a body, due to the significant influences generated by the Natures in Astral Chart, he could no longer fuse with the body. And the longer this detached body lives, the greater the danger it poses to the Boar King, able to even cause his implosion.

Only by being in the Body Stage could he avoid that. But at the Life Stage, with multiple bodies stacked upon himself, a slight chaos would cause a serious implosion. Hence, the Boar King wouldn't be able to split his bodies unless he wanted to court death.

Second, he would have to remain with his family. The moment he leaves to deal with an enemy, another enemy will target his family.

Sumatra Continent followed the rule of survival of the fittest, not the strongest. Therefore, without him being there for protection, his family could never live in peace.

Even with his mighty strength, the Boar King will have no other choice but to hole in a place with his family and defend it until the end of his lifespan. There was no other alternative.

Virala managed to infiltrate his home and knock up his wife while Inala used him to further his own development. The Boar King was only aware of these two for now. There could have been others that he was oblivious about.

The moment he felt the joy of having a family, the Boar King never wished to return to a life of solitude once again. Hence, he was thinking. How could he realistically survive this situation and pave a future for his family?

Being a pinnacle existence wasn't the answer to that. Yarsha Zahara's cultivation needs require Sumatra Gold. Only he had the strength to detect them and fish them out of ruins with countless dangerous traps set by Mystic Tentacles of various eras.

Therefore, to get Sumatra Gold, he would have to leave his family and explore the Sumatra Continent. Doing that would make his family defenceless. He understood that even the Gold Grade strength possessed by his kids proved insufficient.

His enemies excelled not in strength but in cunningness and planning. Yennda's Iron Grade strength forced his children out of commission. This time, he wanted to only weaken them significantly. But what if he wanted to kill them the next time?

By the time the Boar King rushes them to the Cooter Clan, his children would long be dead. His pinnacle strength would mean nothing in this case.

But if he decided to remain home and protect his family, then Yarsha Zahara would never be able to realise her potential. And by remaining holed up, the Boar King's growth too would be halted.

His enemies would be able to freely grow across Sumatra, no longer suppressed or threatened by him. In the future, they could even gain enough strength to face him head-on. Resha had already displayed that capability.

Until now, they had faced each other three times. The first time at the Dieng Canyon, he was damn weak. The second time near the Sticky-Slip Plateau, he was a decent annoyance. And now, at the Attributed Region, he was an annoying threat.

All this happened in a mere two decades. What about a millennium down the line? With an Empyrean Tusk's lifespan, towards the later half of his life, Resha would be a genuine threat. And he wouldn't be alone. There were other threats too.

Unfortunately for Brangara, his power was an accumulation type. Meaning, without accumulating enough Natures, he wouldn't be strong enough to face these enemies that were all growing at a terrifying speed.

Hence, the only way to ensure his family had a future was through evolution, by turning his Wean Tribe into the Wean Clan.

The fastest way to achieve that was by completing the Wean Tribe's cultivation technique of Mystic Sumatra Art. As long as that was completed, his children would immediately reach the 2-Life Stage, thanks to the actions of the Boar King body under Varahan Mansion.

Therefore, the Boar King used the Bolts of Transcendence to refine Mystic Sumatra Art, observing it become filled by the data in the Bolt of Transcendence.

Generally, when a Bolt of Transcendence hits a cultivator, the knowledge contained in it would be something related to the cultivator. To reach the Transcendence Stage was to attain the pinnacle of their cultivation.

Meaning, a perfected cultivation technique, perfected Skills, etc. If the cultivator had a bunch of incomplete Skills while trying to become a Transcendent, the Bolts of Transcendence targeting him would infuse enough information into the Skills to complete them to perfection.

It was why Mystic Bone Art, Mystic Mist Art, and Gold Kinesis Art were perfect for their respective grades, for the Transcendents had the complete versions during their breakthrough. Upon becoming Transcendents, they fed the missing information to their Clan/Empire respectively.

Bolts of Transcendence only filled the missing parts though. It wouldn't raise one's level. It was why Gold Kinesis Art was perfected at the Gold Grade and wasn't elevated to the Mystic Grade, since at the time of their breakthrough, the Transcendents cultivated a Gold Grade cultivation technique.

Mystic Sumatra Art was already at the Mystic Grade. It was incomplete, only enough for Yarsha Zahara to fuse one piece of Sumatra Gold in her Human Avatar, when the completed technique would allow her to fuse 600 pieces—the amount necessary for her to reach the peak of the Body Stage. But despite being incomplete, it was still a Mystic Grade cultivation technique.

Both the bodies of the Boar King focused on filling this up, the primary target for the Bolts of Transcendence they summoned. Following that, they focused on the direction of evolution they would experience once the Wean Tribe became the Wean Clan.

The Boar King wanted to balance his powers and shift from a pinnacle singular unit to someone capable of protecting his family better. He already had everything necessary for evolution and was just accumulating extra knowledge through the Bolts of Transcendence in advance.

This way, once he was ready, the evolution would be instantaneous, with him having enough information post-

evolution to participate in the fight and destroy his opponents.

By consuming the mysterious eye's blood and parts of the Attributed Region through the Bolts of Transcendence, the Boar King was able to unleash an influence of his own on his stomach biome, getting a greater understanding of Major Treasures and Influenced Regions.

With his preparations done, he simply bought time until Barla and Braga in his stomach biome could comprehend the completed Mystic Sumatra Art and began to practice it.

And then, once the two bodies of the Boar King were within 180 metres of each other, despite being physically separated by the walls of the Attributed Region, their minds connected. The transfer of information completed everything they wanted.

'Shit!' Inala only realised what was up at the last moment, having been focused on his fight to not observe what the Empyrean Tusks were trying to convey. He noticed the Boar King's eyes shoot open, revealing the weakened gaze of someone at the end of his life, but one ignited with the desire to protect his children.

Inala only hesitated for a moment before deciding to flee, understanding that it was impossible to kill the Boar King anymore. Both the bodies of the Boar King were on the verge of death but weren't dead yet.

They would survive for a few more seconds, which was more than enough to evolve. Or rather, they had been buying time to counter their enemies at the last moment, for the success rate would be higher that way.

His vision lit up as Inala reverted to human form and compressed the air around him to fly towards Compartment 2-

K, accelerating as much as he could. He stared at Asaeya for a moment before sighing upon seeing the latter's expressionless face, noncompliant to him. "Grab my hand!"

She hesitated in that instant, missing the opportunity to grab his hand, and watched Inala's figure head towards the gate leading to Compartment 2-K. There was no time to waste. She lost her chance in that instant as the world around her lit up in the next moment.

A Bolt of Transcendence slammed into the body of the first Boar King and then curved to slam into the gate and seep into the body of the second Boar King. Right before it hit him, the first Boar King unleashed the strongest possible Prana Shock to send Brana and Baga flying away to safety.

The Bolt of Transcendence connected the two Boar King's bodies, melting through the first body and pouring his everything into the second. Using the hole that had appeared in the gate, the two bodies came into physical contact.

The second body devoured the first body as Bolts of Transcendence rained over the Attributed Region, targeting his enemies along their path of travel to strike the Boar King.

Barla had been eating Parute Fruits from the moment she arrived in the Boar King's stomach biome. And now, after obtaining the completed Mystic Sumatra Art, she waited as the body of the first Boar King melted, causing his essence to seep into the stomach biome in the form of influence resembling a Major Treasure's.

She consumed it and condensed her Prana, reaching the 2-Life Stage, successfully evolving to be part of the Wean Clan now. Her evolution influenced the Boar King's Prana, causing him to evolve.

In a fraction of a second, the entirety of the Attributed Region lit up thanks to the over hundred Bolts of Transcendence that had impacted it. And just as they vanished, a pillar of light jutted into the sky.

The source of it was an evolved Brangara, unleashing the same phenomenon as a Major Treasure revealing itself, but the pillar of light was on par with the one unleashed by the Major Treasure of Seat of Transcendence.

Standing under the pillar of light, Brangara snapped his finger, causing the figures of Barla and Braga to hover beside him. There were sparks of light, following which a tangible Empyrean Tusk body enveloped Brana and Baga. It trumpeted once and launched the duo towards Brangara and dissipated.

"I have my family with me now," Brangara muttered as he caught the figure of Yarsha Zahara who was similarly launched in his way by a tangible Empyrean Tusk. He looked around to see the walls of the Attributed Region come crashing down, damaged beyond recovery.

"I promise to protect you all." He said, wiping his tears in relief that he at least managed to save a portion of his family. And then, he unleashed his presence in all its grandeur, alarming even the Transcendent Worlds hovering in the sky. "I might not be the strongest anymore, but I'm the fittest!"

Mutated Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Celestial Boar!



Chapter 548 He’ll Become Unstoppable

Transcendent World—Tentacles of Tusk!

This was a Transcendent World created through the combined might of Mahira Tusk, Renduldu, Undrakha, and ten Transcendents from the Mammoth Clan. Of the ten, two were Silver Transcendents, named Krula Tusk and Neya Tusk respectively.

The remaining eight were Iron Transcendents, named Paya, Hela, Khoy, Henaya, Khamikaya, Turay, Bahayaya, and Rahamila.

Originally, it was a minor piece of landmass condensed by Mahira Tusk. As she continued to develop it, other Mammoth Clan Transcendents arrived, contributing to its development. And finally, when Renduldu and Undrakha appeared, the Transcendent World was completed, transforming into a genuine fortress against the Cosmic Beings.

All Transcendent Worlds were created by the Transcendents, with their sole function being to camp at the nodes and fight against the Cosmic Beings. This was done to protect the Continent they came from.

Of course, it was impossible for a single Transcendent World to face a Cosmic Being. Hence, multiple Transcendent Worlds shared the responsibility, moving about as a collective unit. This meant that they typically protected at least a few Continents.

The Transcendent World—Tentacles of Tusk—sported a massive shade of ivory, covering about sixty percent of the world, with the rest being green in colour, originating from Renduldu. Swirling patterns of thunderstorm clouds formed shapes resembling an eye in many locations of the Transcendent World.

Coiled around each eye was a green tentacle, leaving its tendril in the centre of the eye to behave like a scaly pupil. Gigantic mountains littered the planet, causing it to resemble a porcupine when viewed from above.

But due to the distance between it and the Sumatra Continent, to the denizens living there, this Transcendent World only appeared as a greenish-ivory floating mass of gas. But due to its distinctive ivory colour, the Mammoth Clan was able to recognise this Transcendent World, indicating it as the place where the Mammoth Ancestor dwelled.

Seated atop the largest spiky mountain that resembled a tusk was Mahira Tusk, her expression fearsome as she grunted and made throwing actions with her hand. In response to her action, a spiky mountain in the vicinity elongated to a length a million times its original to stab into the Cosmic Being.

The tip shattered at the impact, being vaporised due to the intense heat contained within the Cosmic Being. That wasn't all. A corrosive power of depravity spread across the spiky mountain, suddenly causing millions of twinkling eyes to form, with each emanating light like stars in the night sky.

The moment this happened, Mahira Tusk severed the spiky mountain at its root and sent it hurling towards the Cosmic Being. As the spiky mountain—now filled with twinkling eyes—approached the Cosmic Being, it exploded, unleashing energy waves that slammed into the target and faintly moved it away from the node.

"Oh, Inala obtained the Attribute." There was a nonchalant voice from beside her as a furball the size of a football rolled to her feet. It had a pair of tentacles acting as the eyes to stare at Mahira Tusk. Another tentacle formed on its face to morph into a mouth that moved and spoke, "There's…a bit of…changes here."

"Look at that biggie." Mahira Tusk grabbed the furball and pointed at the Cosmic Being, "Is that a cutie?"

"Obviously not," The furball shook its body left and right.

"Right?" She complained and pinched the furball, "So why are you distracting me? All you've been doing lately is watch the proceeds on Sumatra and slack off."

"A lot of interesting things have been happening there. So I couldn't help myself." The furball coughed awkwardly before continuing, "So…what I wanted to say is…"

"Out with it," Mahira Tusk said and sent another spiky mountain hurling at the Cosmic Being, watching the latter be corrupted in a matter of seconds before she had to let go of it and explode it to prevent her Transcendent World from being corrupted. "I don't have the freedom of time to talk patiently as usual."

"Inala used 24 Bolts of Transcendence to break free from the Mammoth Clan and became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast." The furball said, flinching upon seeing Mahira Tusk swerve her head in its direction, her expression fierce, "He's now a Royal Zinger."

"Krula, Neya, Undrakha!" Mahira Tusk called as two Silver Transcendents and one Gold Transcendent appeared before her, kneeling in respect as she spoke, "You three face the Cosmic Being for a couple of minutes. Something at the Mammoth Clan needs my attention."

"Anything serious?" Undrakha asked as he lifted his head.

"I'll fill you in the details later." Mahira Tusk waved her hand and urged the trio to take action, "Attack for the time being."

Once the trio began to attack the Cosmic Being, Mahira Tusk turned around to stare into the tunnel at the bottom of which was the Continent of Sumatra. Her gaze focused as she was able to observe the fight between Inala and the Boar King in the Attributed Region, "Royal Zinger?"

"He managed to create a new race." She thought as cracks formed across her eyes, causing a terrifying storm of energy, her voice cold as she muttered, "He's no longer a Mammoth Clansman."

"It's not just that," The furball complained, "He's also escaped from the Transcendent Eater's records. The only thing that can affect his thought process is the Mystic Path. But as long as he maintains his Mystic Grade form, he could resist that too."

"Continue," Mahira Tusk said as she observed the fight.

"Yes," The furball nodded and explained further, "As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he could have children. Even though his second child won't inherit the Indigo Mystic Path, its existence alone would halve the rate at which the Indigo Mystic Path gets filled up in Gannala's mind space."

"This would continue to drop as Inala has more children." The furball concluded, "I wasn't much concerned when Virala broke free from the Mammoth Clan's clutches, since he's only at the Gold Grade. He's unable to resist the functions of the Violet Mystic Path."

"So, Inala's state is concerning for us." Mahira Tusk said and stared at Sumatra Continent, condensing power in her hand in an effort to eliminate Inala promptly. But in response to her action, a barrier of energy appeared around Sumatra Continent.

The 392 tendrils along its borders shot up in alarm, preparing to attack her, condensing a level of power vastly superior to her.

"Sumatra is still guarded against me." Mahira Tusk clicked her tongue in anger.

"You pissed it off when you severely wounded Hidden Eye. It still bears a grudge, since without the assistance of Hidden Eye, Sumatra would become more prone to attacks from the residual energy of the Cosmic Beings." The furball commented, only to have its cheeks fiercely pulled by Mahira Tusk.

"If you weren't this cute, I would have beaten you up long ago for your foul mouth." Mahira Tusk grumbled before shouting exasperatingly towards Sumatra Continent, "I won't do anything, good grief! Chill out, won't you?"

She remained in a standoff against Sumatra Continent upon seeing the latter was still in an alarmed position.

"You should retract the energy in your fist before asking Sumatra to calm down, Aunty." The furball said when it was reflexively kicked by Mahira Tusk.

"How dare you call me that? Call me mom…oh shit!" Mahira Tusk exclaimed in fright as she had kicked the furball towards the Cosmic Being by mistake, "My cutie!"

A bunch of sparkling stars littered across the Cosmic Being's body tilted to stare at the furball approaching it. Starlight condensed over their forms and bombarded the furball, intending to corrupt it, and through it corrupt the Transcendent World—Tentacles of Tusk.

Right as the various beams of starlight were about to bombard the furball, the pair of tentacles behaving as its eyes retreated into its body. It was still for an instant before a voracious amount of power exuded out of its being.

In the place of the furball now stood a cosmic giant dwarfing the Transcendent Worlds. Its billion eyes glared at the Cosmic Being and unleashed a soft most, barely detectable. When the mist touched the Cosmic Being, tentacles started to sprout across its body.

The edges developed mouths that began to gorge upon the Cosmic Being's body, using it to feed the tentacles they belonged to. As they fed, the tentacles grew in size before taking on the form of a humanoid with an octopus head.

These creatures ran across the Cosmic Being's body and bombarded the stars littering its surface, forcing it to focus on defence for the time being.

The cosmic giant reverted to its furball form and exhaled softly, "My attack was a bit stronger than before. That's great."

It turned around and flew towards the Transcendent World—

Tentacles of Tusk—in a hurry, purring once it fell in Mahira Tusk's embrace, "Mom, it was scary!"

"Sorry about that, it was my mistake, Cutie Ren!" Mahira Tusk snuggled the furball and patted it, oblivious to the stunned gazes of every other Transcendent on her Transcendent World.

'This guy's behaviour becomes the complete opposite in the presence of the Mammoth Ancestor.' Undrakha shook his head as he stared at the figure of Renduldu, weirded out by the latter's behaviour, 'You're a Mystic Transcendent! Act as per your status!'

"It's a dangerous world out there, alright?" Mahira Tusk said and patted the furball in her possession, "So stay close to me!"

"Okay," The furball nodded and condensed a pair of tentacles to act as eyes to stare at Sumatra Continent once again, "Sumatra has calmed down. What's the plan now?"

"Let them do as they please." Mahira Tusk shook her head, "Inala's actions are still fuelling Gannala's Mystic Path. It'll be foolish to kill him before it's complete."

"Well, we also don't want Gannala to hate us, alright?" The furball reminded Mahira Tusk, "It'll be our loss if, after everything we did, the first Empyrean Tusk to become a Transcendent turns into our enemy."

"You're right." Mahira Tusk clicked her tongue and stared at Inala, muttering in pity, "It would have been better had you remained a Mammoth Clansman."

"Well, he's still trying his best to fight the Boar King." The furball commented, "As long as he's alive, at least Gannala will be safe. And this pressure is the best. Only then will the Empyrean Tusks fight for their survival and evolve under significant pressure."

"You…" Mahira Tusk was alerted by the words Renduldu had used as she hurriedly stared at the Boar King, "Brangara is going to grow even stronger?"

"Exciting times, right?" The furball laughed in joy, "The competition between the Mystic Seven and the Boar King is elevating the power levels of Sumatra Continent as a whole. The level of development faced by the continent in a mere two decades has trumped tens of thousands of years of growth until now."

"Hmm…" Mahira Tusk stared at Boar King, observing for an instant before she began to condense energy in her fist, alarming Sumatra Continent into action once again, "No, he was already an absurd existence. Now, he'll become unstoppable. The Mammoth Clan will be unable to withstand that."

"I'll destroy him before he evolves!"



Chapter 549 Sumatra’s In Danger

"How many Bolts of Transcendence does he plan to pull?" Mahira Tusk expressed her shock as she stared at the furball, "What are the Mystic Tentacles doing? Are they content in releasing so many Bolts of Transcendence?"

"If someone on Sumatra wishes to become a Transcendent, they are obligated to release a Bolt of Transcendence." The furball spoke and stared at a gigantic greenish Transcendent World hovering farther away. It was the source of the Bolts of Transcendence entering Sumatra Continent.

"As a Blessed Race, we're merely an extension of Sumatra Continent's will." The furball spoke, "Just as how the Mammoth Clan works in your favour, we work in Sumatra Continent's favour. The analogy isn't perfect, but you know what happens at the end of a Mystic Tentacle's life, right?"

"Has that piece of information been verified?" Mahira Tusk asked next.

"Jandl Brimgan told me. I haven't personally verified it either." The furball shook its head.

"Jandl?" Mahira Tusk swerved her head to stare in the direction of a Transcendent World with golden discs revolving around it. She sent a tusk in its direction and waited until the tip gently pierced the Transcendent World.

A few seconds later, followed by a golden flash, a humanoid entity of gold appeared before her. His expression was cold, almost emotionless, drained of all energy, appearing no different from a robot as he stared at Mahira Tusk to ask, "Are you that bored?"

"I'm not you." Mahira Tusk snorted, "I only called you to ask you about something."

"The last time I checked, you're not sufficiently stronger than me to summon me as you please." The golden man said without a hint of respect in his tone.

"What if I summoned you, Jandl?" The furball hopped up and down a couple of times to garner Jandl Brimgan's attention.

"You're…Renduldu?" Jandl Brimgan's eyes widened subtly as his tone became one of respect, "Yes, what do you want from me?"

"It's about the information you said before." The furball continued, "Do Transcendents have an endpoint in their life?"

"Yes," Jandl Brimgan nodded, "Theoretically, we have an infinite lifespan. But reality is different."

He pointed at himself, "The day we lose our will to live is the day we die."

"So, it's like that." Mahira Tusk nodded and asked, "What happens after that?"

Jandl Brimgan stared at her in silence, refusing to say anything. He treated her as if her words never entered his ears, acting oblivious to her question.

"Answer the question." A tentacle sprouted on the furball to unleash a tone of anger, prompting Jandl Brimgan to answer spontaneously.

He acted as if he just heard the question as Jandl Brimgan pointed at Sumatra, "When Iron Transcendents die natural deaths, their corpses are pulled into the Continent they originate from and become an Enclave there. These Enclaves continue to strengthen the Continent and behave as towers guarding it from harm."

He then pointed at the golden rings revolving around his Transcendent World, "When Silver Transcendents die a natural death, they become Satellites revolving around the Transcendent World they contributed towards."

He stared at Mahira Tusk, "If you die a natural death, you'll become a Transcendent World."

He then faced the furball and spoke with a tone of respect, "And when you die, you'll become a Continent."

"Does that mean…?" The furball expressed shock and stared at Sumatra Continent, "That is…"

"Sumatra Continent is the corpse of a Transcendent Mystic Tentacle." Jandl Brimgan said, "It's why Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles are spawned on Sumatra. My Ancestor has been researching this all along and it hasn't been long since he figured this out."

"That guy…is alive?" The furball asked in shock, for the Brimgan Empire had two Transcendents among their Royalty. The second one was Jandl Brimgan, an unenthusiastic individual who occasionally kept in contact with the Brimgan Empire.

The first one was a legend among Brimgan Royalty, the first case in history to have successfully fused a piece of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar and attained strength on par with a Mystic Tentacle. Some say his strength was on par with that era's Mystic Tentacle while others claim him to have been stronger than a Mystic Tentacle.

Both couldn't be verified. But one thing was for sure. That individual's strength was on par with a Mystic Tentacle at the very least. It was why Renduldu was shocked to hear about him, for in the past two thousand years since he became a Transcendent, he never saw or heard about this Brimgan Royal's activities.

"He's busy visiting other Transcendent Worlds and gathering information from them." Jandl Brimgan said and waved his hand at Renduldu, "If that's all you wanted to ask, I'll take my leave. I'm too exhausted to care about anything."

"Do you not want to watch whatever is happening in Sumatra?" The furball asked in curiosity, "Your Brimgan Empire is in quite the pinch now."

"I have been a Transcendent for close to eighty thousand years." Jandl Brimgan expressed his exhaustion, "From the era of the first Transcendent to my era and now to the current era, the strength of the Brimgan Empire has remained consistent."

"This also means that," He said with a dejected tone, "The Brimgan Empire has never grown all along. All they do is accumulate information and after enough time has passed, they lock up all the information from the past and merely rely on their accumulations from the nearest two millennia. It's why they never grow, since they are more focused on exploring other facets of their power than to become stronger."

"So, I gave up on them long ago." He shook his head and turned around, emanating a gentle golden light, about to return to his Transcendent World. "The Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan came into existence only recently, but your accumulations are better than ours."

"Now, I'm just waiting for the day when I can no longer bear to live and become a Transcendent World."

"You see…" The furball controlled its desire to laugh as it pointed at Sumatra Continent, "Boul Brimgan elevated your cultivation technique to the Mystic Grade and also managed to reach the end of Spirit Weapon refinement to obtain a Secondary Nature."

"What the…seriously?" Life brimmed in his eyes as Jandl Brimgan stared at Sumatra Continent to observe Boul Brimgan, hyped, "The end of our refinement path is to refine a Minor Treasure? As I thought! We're the best! I knew one of us had the capability!"

He clapped in a hurry, "Only someone like this is worthy of fusing with the Major Treasure of Deity!"

"Are you planning to die now?" The furball asked.

"Are you mad?" Jandl Brimgan pointed his trembling index finger at Sumatra Continent, "My Brimgan Empire is about to usher in a new era. I'll be a dumbass to miss it."

Their discussion came to a halt upon seeing the Boar King's actions. Mahira Tusk couldn't sit still anymore as she unleashed a spiky mountain towards the Attributed Region, intending to destroy the Boar King.

But in response to her attack, the Gaja Enclave lit up and unleashed a spiky mountain of its own to counter her attack. Sumatra Continent's 392 Enclaves remained in a defensive state, having erected a barrier over it once again. These Enclaves acted as its eyes and glared in the direction of Mahira Tusk, warning her to control herself.

"Mom, you're pissing Sumatra too much." The furball landed on Mahira Tusk's shoulder and hopped up and down, "If it assumes a defensive state, it'll bring out all its Influenced Regions. That would harm our foundation because Sumatra Continent would become too dangerous for life to survive. The Mammoth Clan too will be implicated."

Considering how long it had existed, Sumatra Continent obviously possessed a bunch of Influenced Regions, mostly hidden deep underground and away from the reach of living beings. If it starts bringing out them all in order to fight the Transcendents, the continent would become even more dangerous for life to sustain itself.

All the Humans and Pranic Beasts would begin dying in droves. This also meant that no cultivator would be able to obtain enough resources and reach the 10-Life Stage. It implied a lack of Transcendents for the various Transcendent Worlds dependent on Sumatra.

Upon seeing Sumatra Continent's actions, many Transcendent Worlds began to surround Mahira Tusk's Transcendent World as a show of power. They wanted to intimidate her and force her to back down from this confrontation.

Most of these Transcendent Worlds were filled with Free Humans, who cared naught about the Boar King. After all, the entire conflict between the Boar King and the Mammoth Clan was happening in a small corner of Sumatra Continent.

In terms of size, Sumatra Continent was large enough for a Mystic Tentacle to travel all its life from one end and fail to reach the other end. Hence, even if the Boar King grows stronger, the civilisations farther away could care less.

The Boar King would never reach their Empires. Hence, their priority was to stop Mahira Tusk and ensure Sumatra Continent doesn't use its Influenced Regions. But though they wanted to pressure her, all they could do was remain in a glaring contest.

After all, held in Mahira Tusk's hands was Renduldu, a Mystic Transcendent. His existence alone deterred them all. As a result, the Transcendent Worlds did nothing other than surround Mahira Tusk's Transcendent World.

While they remained in a standoff, hundred Bolts of Transcendce slammed into the Attributed Region, following which a pillar of light originated from the place, stunning everyone.

"This is why I wanted to deal with him!" Mahira Tusk grunted in annoyance and stared at the pillar of light in a fluster, "Brangara now operates with a set of rules beyond Sumatra!"

"Are you idiots happy now?" She glared at the Transcendents in other Transcendent Worlds, observing their faces pale in fear. Even though she wanted to rebuke them further, she couldn't, for a second Cosmic Being entered their node, attracted by the pillar of light emitted by Brangara.

"No…this is?" The furball exclaimed in shock as the Transcendent World created by the Mystic Tentacles moved in a hurry.

One of the Mystic Tentacles in it flew out and addressed everyone, "This is a crisis!"

"Sumatra's existence is in danger!"



Chapter 550 I’m A Fan

﻿﻿"Sumatra's Existence is in danger!" The Mystic Tentacle that announced it was named Budduuluu. He was Renduldu's predecessor. Currently, his appearance was of a yarn created by a hundred different strings coiled together.

A bundle of strings moved up and down to form a mouth, the appearance comical to the Transcendents but eldritch to anyone down on the Continents, capable of turning them mad.

As he spoke, Budduuluu noticed Renduldu and glared at the latter. In response, Renduldu too stared at Budduuluu as if about to kill the latter.

Three factions existed among the Transcendent Mystic Tentacles—Gold, Silver, and Iron. The Gold Faction belonged to Mystic Tentacles who spawned on Sumatra Continent as Gold Empyrean Tentacles.

They consumed an Iron and Silver Mystic Tentacle to become a Mystic Tentacle and eventually became a Transcendent. Typically, because a Gold Empyrean Tentacle was an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast, it basically formed the pinnacle of strength.

Hence, it commonly hunted and devoured its Iron and Silver counterparts. As a result, among the Transcendents, the Gold Faction was the largest, having the greatest number of Mystic Tentacles, numbering a whopping 48.

The second was the Silver Faction, formed by Mystic Tentacles that spawned on Sumatra Continent as Silver Empyrean Tentacles. They only numbered 4 in total.

The Gold and Silver Factions didn't like each other, cooperating only when Sumatra's interests were at stake. The rest of the time, they competed against each other, trying to prove their Faction as the superior one.

Finally, there came the Iron Faction, one that didn't exist until two millennia ago. The only member of it was Renduldu. If not for the Mammoth Ancestor, it would have been impossible for an Iron Empyrean Tentacle to have killed its Silver and Gold counterparts.

After all, an Iron Empyrean Tentacle could only revive once a day. It had no combat power beyond that. Upon becoming a Mystic Tentacle, Renduldu interfered in the long-term plans of the Mystic Tentacles, those belonging to both the Gold and Silver Factions.

The Gold Faction planned to create and obtain the power of a Transcendent Eater. They wanted to have a Gold Empyrean Tentacle be born with the power of a Transcendent Eater. This way, the Mystic Tentacle would become a powerhouse once it became a Transcendent and could even become the leader of the Gold Faction and basically the leader of all Transcendents who originated from Sumatra Continent.

But Renduldu interfered with that plan and used the Parute King Tree at Ennoudu Plains for the Mammoth Clan's benefit. And now, a Mammoth Clansman carried the Transcendent Eater's power.

Up next was the birth of the Boar King. To date, in Sumatra Continent's history, the Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts to have marked the various eras were all Mystic Tentacles. The chain was broken for the first time with the appearance of the Boar King, and the one who let that happen was none other than Renduldu.

In the time he was in Sumatra, Renduldu brewed up a lot of shit and messed up with the careful arrangements of a variety of Mystic Tentacles. Hence, he was hated by both the Silver and Gold Factions.

It was why he remained with Mahira Tusk. First of all, he wouldn't have become who he was now without her help. And secondly, that was how he was raised, for thousands of years, to serve the Mammoth Clan and keep a note of its best interests.

It was why Renduldu joined hands with Mahira Tusk to create the Transcendent World—Tentacles of Tusk.

"It's in danger? How?" Jandl Brimgan expressed his confusion as he stared at Budduuluu, "Is it because of this Major Treasure?"

"Yes," Budduuluu stopped glaring at Renduldu and spoke, "If a Mystic Grade Major Treasure reveals itself, that is enough to put Sumatra in danger, since it might lure in at least three Cosmic Beings. But that's not the issue here."

He tried his best to control his anger and avoided attacking Renduldu who had the strangest, most bizarre ability that was hard to be guarded against even for it, "The one unleashing a Mystic Grade Major Treasure's light pillar is a living existence."

"Brangara!" He announced with a solemn tone, "He's an unprecedented existence with a potential that dwarfs all of us here, since he travels both the Human and Pranic Beast Paths to Transcendence. But that's not the issue here. Currently, he's a living existence unleashing the presence of a Mystic Grade Major Treasure."

"The Cosmic Beings aren't our priority now. If all of us combine our strengths, we can hold back three Cosmic Beings." He continued to address everyone at the scene, "Some of us, alongside Hannal Brimgan, have been making relationships with the Transcendents in other Nodes. We'll be able to request the assistance of at least a few more Transcendent Worlds. So, it's not the end if three Cosmic Beings enter our Node."

"The problem is this!" His body elongated to condense into a stringed hand, pointing at the tunnels, "The Continents!"

Mahira Tusk was alarmed at the declaration as she, alongside other Gold Transcendents, harnessed their visual prowess to stare into the depths of the Sandy-Grey Void. And then, they noticed.

The continents situated far away in the cube formed by the Sandy-Grey Void began to move, lured in by the pillar of light unleashed by Brangara. The various Enclaves surrounding each Continent consumed the grey sand and dug tunnels, steadily marching toward Sumatra Continent.

In response to their actions, the Transcendent Worlds associated with the Continents began to move too.

"It's not a problem had it been a Major Treasure. But Brangara is alive while existing as a Major Treasure." Budduuluu sighed at the headache he was feeling, "This means that a Continent could consume and assimilate him into itself. This will directly strengthen its Blessed Race and improve the overall strength of the Continent."

"Hah, then they're courting death!" Mahira Tusk laughed as all the Transcendents at the scene joined her.

"Is this funny?" Budduuluu glared at everyone.

"At his peak, Brangara can kill Iron Transcendents and even weak Silver Transcendents. And now that he has evolved, his strength is even more pronounced." Renduldu shrugged, "You think the Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts of other Continents can pose a threat to him? Rather, they'll become the fuel to strengthen him further. The only thing Brangara is lacking is a few Mystic Grade Natures."

"Ignorance is toxic!" There was a grumpy voice as a golden flash condensed before Renduldu, condensing into the figure of a man wearing a crown whose ends were shaped to resemble tentacles.

At his arrival, every single Free Human Transcendent bowed in respect, for he was the first of their kind to attain Mystic Grade strength, touted to rival the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle of his time.

A legendary ancestor from the Brimgan Empire's history, and the first Transcendent from the Brimgan Royalty—Hannal Brimgan.

He observed the pillar of light unleashed by Brangara and frowned, "I could feel this all the way in another Node. This doesn't bode well for us."

"What do you mean?" Renduldu frowned, "Unless a Transcendent were to take action, no one can kill Brangara."

"How do you rate Sumatra's strength?" Instead of arguing with everyone, Hannal Brimgan asked Renduldu, "Are we strong? Or Weak?"

"We're strong." Renduldu snorted, "We have interacted with Transcendents from various Continents. None of those Mystic Transcendents can hold a candle to Brangara once he becomes a Transcendent."

"You're right about that. Brangara will be a powerhouse even among Mystic Transcendents. But, he won't be the strongest. Or rather, it'll be a wonder if he can rank around the top 20s." Hannal Brimgan said, stunning everyone.

"Feels unbelievable, right?" He smiled wryly, "That's because Sumatra Continent's power system hasn't even reached its peak."

"That doesn't make any sense." Undrakha voiced his objection, "Our power system doesn't have any flaws."

"Oh, it doesn't have flaws, but it's just incomplete." Hannal Brimgan stared at Undrakha and asked, "Can you point out the foundation energies that form Prana?"

"The energies of Body, Mind, and Soul." Undrakha said, "Isn't that very basic?"

"Now, what's the power Humans at the Spirit Stage possess?" Hannal Brimgan asked next.

"Psychokinesis," Undrakha replied.

"Right, it's psychokinesis. But you see," Hannal Brimgan tapped his head, "Psychokinesis is a manifestation of Prana's mind aspect. Mind Space, Information Slip, Cultivation Technique, Skills, Prime Skills…do I need to say more?"

He laughed, "The entire power system of Sumatra revolves around the mind aspect of Prana. We haven't explored its body and soul aspects at all. Unfortunately for us, there exist countless Continents that predate Sumatra and have fully explored all three aspects. Their power system is perfect."

"Yes, that's the issue." Budduuluu took it from there and addressed everyone, "If these Continents with a power system more developed and more advanced than Sumatra target us, we'll be destroyed. Even at the same power level, we'll be destroyed."

"It's unfortunate, but those Continents are already in motion. It's just a matter of decades before they reach Sumatra." Budduuluu sighed.

"You predicted that Brangara would have strength in the top 20s among all Mystic Transcendents, right?" Suddenly, the voice of a certain someone broke the sombre atmosphere. Everyone turned in the respective direction, observing the source to be an Iron Transcendent.

"Yes," Budduuluu nodded, "But Brangara is merely two millennia old. It would take him a few thousand years to become a Transcendent. So, we cannot rely upon him to deter other Continents by targeting their Transcendent Worlds."

"Nah, we only need to wait a century." The Iron Transcendent stared at Renduldu and winked, "The Seat of Transcendence will reveal itself. So, as long as Brangara obtains it, he'll become a Transcendent. As long as we hold back these continents for a Century, this problem will resolve by itself."

"That's impossible. The Seat of Transcendence requires at least another twenty thousand years to mature…" Budduuluu stopped speaking as he stared at Sumatra, observing a certain location before glaring at Renduldu, "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO?"

"You are…?" Renduldu ignored a raging Budduuluu and instead glared at the Iron Transcendent, "How did you know this information?"

"Oh, I read the novel you published on Earth." Saying so, the Iron Transcendent took out a smartphone that displayed the cover photo of Sumatra Chronicles, noticing it turn to dust, unable to endure the presence emanating from the Transcendents at the scene. "Oops, I forgot that I can't bring these items here."

"Oh, was I not supposed to read it? You weren't exactly sneaky when you headed to Earth. I followed you to see what you were up to and discovered Sumatra Chronicles. So, don't give me that pissed look. Also," The Iron Transcendent acted confused, "Which retard would refuse to get a taste of the banquet you have crafted with the utmost care?"

"Your name?" Renduldu transformed into a cosmic giant to unleash a presence capable of causing most Transcendents at the scene to go mad.

Even Budduuluu trembled faintly at the presence, staring at Renduldu in shock, 'How's he continuing to improve in strength even after becoming a Transcendent? That's impossible!'

"Torq," The Iron Transcendent bowed casually as a Cosmic Being's skin wrapped around his body like an armour and defended against Renduldu's presence, "I'm your fan."

He grinned and stared at Budduuluu, "Even if Brangara dies, equally terrifying individuals will take his place. So why don't we focus on holding back the other Continents for a century?"



