Chapter 791: Creating the Ultimate Predator

﻿

The Quip Clan had a total of three Minor Treasures and one Major Treasure.

Minor Treasure-Prana Stitch!

Its purpose was to grant a Quip Clansman-that had fused with it-the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch. As it was the only means to obtain Prana Stitch, Inala had created as many of them as possible.

After all, even now, thanks to the Biome Lattice, Quip Zingers were steadily being birthed. So, with an ever-increasing population, an ever-increasing demand for Prana Stitch had been created. As a result, Inala created a total of 14 Minor Treasures of Prana Stitch.

Minor Treasure-Royal Stabiliser!

This was a Royal Zinger exclusive Minor Treasure, meant only to stabilise his body in the Life Stage stack as he changes his Grade freely. Since they were only for him, Inala created ten such Minor Treasures.

Minor Treasure-Royal Nectar!

This was the easiest to create, as Inala only needed to fuse his body with Nectar and a piece of Sumatra Gold. The function of the Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar was to create the Royal Elixir-which was basically Sanctuary's Nectar filled with Royal Zinger genes.

It wasn't feasible for the Quip Clan to hide in the Ravaged Federation long-term. After all, the region would be significantly destroyed during the Fourth Major Disaster. Even after removing the Major Treasure of Pet, this wouldn't change, since the path leading to acquiring the Major Treasure of Seat of Transcendence would appear in the Ravaged Federation.

Thereby, the Quip Clan had already decided to vacate the Ravaged Federation before the Fourth Major Disaster. When that happens, they would lose access to the Nectar, which would rapidly slow down their growth.

Without it, the only way they had to accumulate Royal Zinger genes and progress through the Grades was by zealously cultivating Mystic Royal Art. Normally, this would have been more than enough. However, after experiencing the benefits of consuming Elixir, it would be hard to go back to the basic means.

Hence, the Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar was made. If a Quip Clansman fuses with it, their Prana would be gradually consumed to generate Royal Zinger genes in their body, causing them to evolve eventually until they enter the Gold Grade.

But its true might was displayed in the possession of the Zinger Representative. They will be able to condense the Royal Elixir in their bodies, which could be supplied to the rest of the Quip Clansmen. Moreover, by constantly being subjected to the Minor Treasure's influence, their progeny had a higher chance of being born as the Royal Zinger.

Theoretically, if a Zinger Representative's accumulation of the Royal Zinger gene reaches a certain level, they'll turn into the Royal Zinger. However, even if Inala was reborn through them, his lifespan would have reduced by however long the Zinger Representative was alive for.

This is a problem, since if the Zinger Representative had been alive for longer than the base form of the Royal Zinger, the moment Inala was reborn, he'd die. After all, his base form was at the Silver Grade.

He'll have to maintain himself at Gold Grade and above immediately upon appearing, taking excess care to have enough stockpile of Prana and Lifespan to not drop down to the base state even while actively using his Natures.

A moment's slipup and he'd die. Moreover, he would be unable to take advantage of the various benefits his base state provided, which meant his appearance was useless and it was better to wait until he was birthed through the conventional means.

Therefore, he created 16 Minor Treasures of Royal Nectar, stopping here since he had run out of Sumatra Gold. 14 Prana Stitch, 16 Royal Nectar, and 10 Royal Stabiliser; they added to a total of 40 Minor Treasures in the Quip Clan's possession.

If Inala wanted, he could have created a variety of Minor Treasures. However, that was worthless for the time being, since he needed to focus all his strength and effort on killing Brangara. So, he only created essential Minor Treasures required to strengthen the Quip Clan's foundation.

Anything else could be created by future generations of Royal Zinger. Moreover, necessity was the mother of invention. So, if the Quip Clan wanted something, they could create it. All Inala wanted to do was create a strong enough foundation for them to achieve what they sought.

Even though the Mammoth Clan got mostly annihilated, the reason they could achieve so much was their extensive foundation which allowed them to dream and pursue beyond. Even the Empyrean Boar King was a byproduct of the Mammoth Clan's quest to realise their dream.

So, he stopped at the current level, judging that the existing Minor Treasures were more than enough for the Quip Clan to survive and thrive. Of course, things could still go wrong, which created the necessity for a powerful pillar to rely on.

As long as Inala was alive, he would protect the Quip Clan. However, his birth was a complicated process. Hurrying through it would only result in the birth of a Royal Zinger with defects. Hence, in such situations, the Quip Clan needed something to rely upon, something other than the Zinger Representative that could protect them from harm, even against the strongest predator of Sumatra.

'And of course, the only way to resist the strongest predator is by having the same on our side too.' Inala smiled as he teleported to a certain underground cave that had been artificially carved out by his Mystic Grade self using Perfect Biome Domination.

It had been carved out in the sea bed, sporting a narrow entrance only wide enough for a human to enter vertically. This entrance was covered by a Biome Bomb that had fully condensed the terrain of the Attributed Region within it, for only then could it easily withstand the sheer water pressure at the depth.

The narrow tunnel stretched for a hundred metres, beyond which was the massive hollow region, hemispherical in shape with a radius of seven kilometres. This was the largest region he could carve out without touching the Sanctuary.

It became his personal space where he could conduct experiments. Close to twenty-four strings of Prana reached inside from the Biome Lattice, giving him all the Prana supply he

required.

"Let's begin now." Inala muttered as he took out the Mystic Human Stamp that had been lent to him by Virala. Placed on the floor before him were the 1-Life Stage bodies of Brangara and

Blola.

Using the Mystic Human Stamp, he emptied out the mindspace of both, checking multiple times to ensure there were no issues. Following that, he used Perfect Biome Domination to cross-verify all the information he had amassed on the Celestial Boar body and Transcendent Eater body.

'This is by far the most impressive Minor Treasure.' Inala thought as he stared at the Mystic Human Stamp, 'It clearly shows the potential the Mystic Humans have.'

A few days later, he used Mystic Human Stamp to extract a series of information out of his mindspace and poured them into the mindspace of Blola, using that to control him.

"It's ready now." Inala smiled upon seeing Blola's eyes shoot open in response, obseying according to the inserted memories. He wouldn't have dared do this to Blola if he hadn't cut of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

Currently, Blola was at the 9-Life Stage while the other Blola occupied the final body. This implied that Blola now controlled the full extent of the Transcendent Eater's power, without any external influence. That was why Inala could attempt this.

Otherwise, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater would have interfered with his actions, 'Especially since thanks to this, Brangara would never be reaching the 10-Life Stage.'

Minor Treasure-Royal Nectar!

This was something he created new, other than the batch of 16 meant for the Quip Clan. Inala

placed it on Blola's body and watched it fuse into the latter. Following that, he began to pour lakes worth of Royal Elixir into Blola's mouth after the latter assumed Transcendent Eater

form.

The Royal Zinger genes began to rapidly accumulate within the Transcendent Eater's body, subtly shaping its genetic makeup. The Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar further influenced the body by strengthening the Royal Zinger genes and adding even more naturally.

Inala threw multiple Biome Bombs onto the Transcendent Eater as they supplied the Mystic Grade Royal Zinger's Prana and Lifespan, further amplifying the Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar's influence.

It had reached a point where the Primary Nature was about to change, but right at this moment, Inala used Perfect Biome Domination to seep his influence into the Transcendent Eater body. The Primary Nature remained unchanged but a Secondary and Tertiary Natures

began to appear.

Primary Nature-Memory Revival!

This remained the same. But as the Transcendent Eater's body began to change, a Secondary

and Tertiary Nature began to appear.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Secondary Nature-Malleable Memory!

Tertiary Nature-Extended Memory!

They were harmonious with each other. Inala had created the Secondary and Tertiary Natures

for the sole purpose of controlling the Primary Nature. The moment they had appeared, he activated them and observed them, 'This is thanks to Narkahamy. I obtained this idea from seeing his build.'

As the three Natures activated, the Transcendent Eater body entered the State of Harmony.

Right as it happened, Inala used Perfect Biome Domination to fuse a piece of Sumatra Gold

into its Spirit Container.

And then...he rained Bolts of Transcendence onto it.



Chapter 792: A Living Influenced Region

﻿

Primary Nature-Memory Revival!

The Transcendent Eater was capable of reviving any existence from its memory. It was its ultimate power and the most potent even among the Transcendents.

It was capable of reviving anyone it consumes. Though it was a tremendous power, Inala wanted something else, something simpler, singular even, but one that outclassed everything.

He wanted to revive Brangara!

The Celestial Boar was the greatest predator on Sumatra. This was an undebatable fact. From the very beginning, it was about preventing Brangara from realising his full potential. After all, at peak potential, the Celestial Boar could fight even Gold Grade Transcendents, a feat unattainable by any other existence on a Continent.

That was how much of an absurd existence it was. And Inala wanted to control a portion of that power. Through Blola, he could do that.

But just making Blola devour the Celestial Boar wouldn't work. The latter was a living Major Treasure. And it was very well a possibility that he could break free from the Transcendent Eater's control. No, Inala could glimpse the possibility, which is why he dared not make Blola attempt it.

'At the 8-Life Stage, the Celestial Boar could consume and suppress the Transcendent Eater's power.' Inala thought, 'In terms of the ultimate predator, the Celestial Boar outclasses the Transcendent Eater.'

Hence, he had to play by the rules and bend the rules to his favour. As the Bolts of Transcendence rained down on the Transcendent Eater body, the Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar fused with the piece of Sumatra Gold and became one with the Transcendent Eater.

However, before the process could end, Inala used Perfect Biome Domination to encompass the Transcendent Eater in a Biome Bomb stitched ten times and then gradually lowered it into the Celestial Boar's mouth.

He controlled the Celestial Boar's body, gently opening the mouth to lower the Biome Bomb into it. Sprouting tendrils of Prana that doubled down as legs, the Biome Bomb raced through the throat and jumped into the Celestial Boar's stomach, which was already a sea of Royal Elixir.

The Biome Bomb cracked and shattered as the Transcendent Eater expanded radially, its roots digging into the walls of the stomach which doubled as the Astral World. Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala accurately arced Bolts of Transcendence through the Celestial Boar's food pipe and struck the Transcendent Eater.

He was simply following a process that had happened already.

Following the First Major Disaster, after Blola returned to the Mammoth Clan that had concluded its merger, his Spirit Container that had taken the form of an Empyrean Tusk showed issues as roots sprouted within it.

And in a matter of days, the Spirit Container-in the form of an Empyrean Tusk-was devoured and replacing it was the Transcendent Eater. It had also consumed Blola's Natures, ensuring only its Primary Nature remained.

Inala was now attempting the same, making the changing Transcendent Eater consume the Celestial Boar from the inside while he was steadily turning it into a Major Treasure. The Celestial Boar was already a Major Treasure, so he only needed to integrate the Transcendent Eater into it.

Due to Brangara's build, he could reach the 10-Life Stage, which meant the existence of ten Major Treasures. Inala wanted to modify one of them to such an extent that it would be completely different from the original, but still occupy one of the ten slots, similar to the situation faced by the Mystic Human Virala and Mammoth Clansman Virala.

Unlike when Inala was making Minor Treasures, he wasn't even stressed with the process, even though he was handling two of the most dangerous predators on Sumatra. The reason was simply because he was currently at the 10-Life Stage as his Mystic Grade self.

The 10-Life Stage Royal Zinger wasn't even using the limit of its power in terms of Perfect Biome Domination. He watched while bombarding Bolts of Transcendence as the Transcendent Eater fused with the Astral World while devouring it from the inside.

The Celestial Boar's body began to shrink as Inala rained Nectar on it and melted it using Bolts of Transcendence. This way, he concentrated the Celestial Boar genes and poured them into the stomach, turning Astral World into a battlefield.

Primary Nature-Voracious Cultivator!

Primary Nature-Memory Revival!

The two Natures consumed each other under his control as Inala continued to pour Royal Elixir into the mixture while fusing the Minor Treasure of Royal Nectar into the roots of the Transcendent Eater that had merged into the walls of the Astral World.

Using the Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp, Inala had specifically modified all the records that the Transcendent Eater had. This was from the data he had sourced, using which he could form genuine records in its mind space that its Primary Nature could recognise as real.

Of course, to really revive it, the substance should exist in reality, which was why he was making changes to the Celestial Boar body. This way, once both the changing body and the fabricated data get into sync, the process would be completed.

Slowly but steadily, under his support, the Transcendent Eater began to devour the Celestial Boar while the two were fusing into a singular whole. The Transcendent Eater maintained a State of Harmony throughout the process, making a seamless integration of everything.

A mere twenty-four hours and 210 Bolts of Transcendence later, an uncontrollable smile revealed itself on Inala's face as he felt an adrenaline rush, watching as his face was highlighted brightly by the pillar of light that burst out from the convulsing substance beforeNôv(el)B\\jnn

him.

Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala controlled the pillar of light, preventing it from leaving the confines of his Spirit Weapon range. Instead, it circled within, gradually increasing in intensity until his Spirit Weapon range-which was now at 1800 metres-was a bright blob of light.

An hour later, the light vanished as a mildly exhausted Inala stared with a maniacal glint, his figure trembling from uncontrollable excitement as he stared at the object lying down on the ground before him.

It resembled a beetroot, dull and muddy, spanning three metres at its widest cross-section. Growing out of it was a small shoot, with veins coiled together at its top to resemble a fruit. Its appearance was the dullest he had even seen, but its identity couldn't be any more clearer.

Major Treasure!

Inala snapped his finger as in response, the Major Treasure spun a little and drilled into the ground. There was a faint stir in the soil, similar to what one might feel while standing at the beach in a receding tide.

Inala noticed the minerals in the soil rapidly being absorbed by the Major Treasure while a small swirl of Prana condensed in its shoot in response, growing something there, similar to how a Transcendent Eater revived a cultivator by growing them as fruits.

As he stared at it, the hairs on his arm stood on end as even Inala felt threatened by the Major Treasure. However, the moment he exhibited his presence, the feeling of threat vanished, 'So, it only obeys the Royal Zinger because it has been influenced by my genes in its genetic

makeup.'

With a thought from him, the Biome Bomb acting as the door to the place extended a tendril

of Prana and captured a Phell from nearby and threw it inside. However, the Phell hadn't even travelled far when strings of Prana latched onto it, their ends shaped like carnivorous mouths as they devoured its body, leaving nothing behind.

'It will consume everything in its wake, including Quip Clansmen. Only I can near it without getting attacked, huh?' Inala thought in realisation, understanding the terror of the entity he had created. For a moment, he regretted, wondering if in the process of defeating the Celestial Boar, he had unleashed something even worse.

As he wondered, a face began to appear within the vines, closely resembling Brangara. Upon

seeing that, Inala smiled, muttering upon seeing the eyes shoot open in response to his

words, "Welcome!"

"Uh...I am...?" Once the mouth appeared, the existence muttered in confusion. It then stared

at Inala and blinked in respect, "I greet the Royal Zinger."

Major Treasure-Turnip!

When planted in the ground, it would begin absorbing all the resources in the region, both

mineral and organic to begin building its Influenced Region. The moment he stared at it, the name popped into his mind, making Inala wonder why it was given such a name.

However, the name was irrelevant, since what Inala wanted was the Influenced Region it

created, "The first of its kind..."

"A living Influenced Region!"

Brangara was a living Major Treasure, and he probably didn't even realise it currently.

However, his stomach was the core of his being. As long as it remained intact, it could rapidly build his body, which was its Influenced Region.

The Celestial Boar was the Influenced Region. Through a combination of Inala's Perfect Biome Domination and Virala's data extraction through his Mystic Human Stamp, they figured this detail out.

Using the same characteristic, the Major Treasure of Turnip would condense a living

Influenced Region, which would obey the Royal Zinger, or in the absence of the Royal Zinger, listen to the plead of the Quip Clansman with the highest amount of Royal Zinger genes.

Influenced Region-Quip Guardian!

In the absence of the Royal Zinger, and at times when the threat faced by the Quip Clan was

beyond what the Zinger Representatives could handle, the Quip Guardian would appear to solve everything.

"I'm hungry," The Influenced Region of Quip Guardian spoke as its body below the neck was still being weaved rapidly by the vines, "This place is shit in terms of resources."

It stared at Inala to ask, "Can't you bring me to the Brimgan Empire? Only a blessed land can

afford to feed me."

"The risks are too high." Inala shook his head, "I don't want anyone to know about the

existence of this Major Treasure."

"Then I'm just useless." As it spoke, the Influenced Region of Quip Guardian stopped growing. Rolling its eyes, it spoke in disdain, "See, I've already absorbed everything of value here. There's a startling lack of suitable minerals here necessary to build my body."

"It's alright." Inala said and threw a few orbs at the Major Treasure of Turnip, "These should

be enough to build your body. After that, I'll transport you to somewhere more suitable."

He then pointed at the Major Treasure of Turnip, "Even I cannot touch it, you know."

"That's true." The Influenced Region of Quip Guardian nodded as it stared at Turnip.

Major Treasures will fuse into the body of any Gold Grade existence and above at the moment

of contact. However, due to its functions, the Major Treasure of Turnip would treat the cultivator's body as a bed of resources and suck them dry, killing them in the process.

Even though it would refrain from harming Inala, its powers would take still take effect once

it fuses with his body. After all, the function of the Major Treasure of Turnip was to treat all organic and inorganic matter as resources to absorb and quickly build its Influenced Region.

As the orbs flew towards it, strings of Prana manifested around Turnip as they swarmed the

orbs, devouring it in a matter of seconds. This devouring speed was on the same level as the 1-

Life Stage Transcendent Eater version of Blola-after he had accessed its true powers by driving out Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

"I'm...free!" The Influenced Region of Quip Guardian muttered as he jumped down from the

shoot of the turnip and landed before Inala, bowing smoothly. But a second later, his stomach gurgled as he smiled wryly, "But I'm absolutely useless in this state."

"I need to charge up before I can exhibit even a fraction of my true strength." His eyes glinted

as he stared at Inala, licking his lips to ask, "Have you prepared a feast for me?"

"I did," Inala nodded and pointed at the Major Treasure of Turnip, "Now, pick it and follow

me. We'll be heading to another location."

"Okay!" The Quip Guardian nodded and turned around to take the Major Treasure of Turnip

out of the soil.

Staring at his back, Inala couldn't help but reveal a bright smile, 'He's a Quip Clan version of

Brangara.'

"Now, the playing field has been somewhat levelled."



Chapter 793: Just Three Natures In Harmony

﻿

Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Bast-Quip Guardian!

As a living Influenced Region, the Quip Guardian had the same characteristics as a Pranic Beast. Of course, it was created in such a way that it could use Mystic Royal Art, which allowed it to maintain the natural state as both a Pranic Beast and a Clansman.

However, even though it could cultivate using Mystic Royal Art, it was limited to the Body Stage. After all, there could only be one living Influenced Region produced by the Major Treasure of Turnip. The other nine of its kind were the Celestial Boar, so the total limit had already been attained.

And even if a body of the Celestial Boar was killed, nothing would change, since there was just one Major Treasure of Turnip. But at the end of the day, the Quip Guardian was the same as the ultimate predator of Sumatra.

Primary Nature-Quip Cultivator!

Secondary Nature-Zinger World!

Tertiary Nature-Tangible Zinger!

The Celestial Boar's three Natures had been morphed through an influx of Royal Zinger genes and converted into their Quip Clan's equivalent. This was possible since the core culprit responsible for the Royal Zinger's birth was none other than Brangara.

At the Dralh Sea, it was Brangara's assistance that allowed Inala to obtain his Mammoth Clan male and Cooter Clan female form, the fusion of which alongside the Major Treasure of Attribute birthed the Royal Zinger.

It was why Inala possessed a portion of the Empyrean Boar King's characteristic of maturing faster by consuming Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and higher. Hence, from a fundamental point of view, the Royal Zinger was basically a fusion of the genetic information of the Mammoth Clan, Cooter Clan, and the Wean Clan.

If someone at the Ravaged Federation with Zinger genes were to consume these three alongside Nectar, and laid out the perfect genetic distribution of the three gene variants, they'd become the Royal Zinger.

Hence, to a certain extent, the Quip Clan genes and the Wean Clan genes shared some basic compatibility, which was further harmonised and amplified by Nectar. It was how the Celestial Boar's three Natures could be changed into their Quip Clan variant while keeping their essence same, which was what ensured Brangara was stuck at the 9-Life Stage.

And as long as the Major Treasure of Turnip existed, he would forever be unable to reach the 10-Life Stage.

The Quip Guardian's three Natures worked in a State of Harmony. However, unlike the Celestial Boar's build that was fuelled by external consumption of Pranic Beasts, the Quip Guardian's build was internally generated.

"Phew," The Quip Guardian let out a soft breath upon swallowing the last of the orb given by Inala, noticing a tangible Nature of Quip Zinger appear in his Zinger World.

Zinger World was similar to Astral World, but could only house Tangible Natures belonging to the Quip Clan. Quip Cultivator allowed the Quip Guardian to raise these Tangible Natures through the Life Stage and eventually turn them into Minor Treasures.

And finally, the Tertiary Nature of Tangible Zinger allowed the Zinger World to accumulate the Royal Zinger genes through Mystic Royal Art and once there was enough, they'll combine to birth a Tangible Quip Zinger in the Zinger World.

As long as the Quip Guardian could absorb a steady stream of resources, he could continue using Mystic Royal Art to stack up its reserve of Royal Zinger genes and steadily increase the number of Tangible Quip Clansmen in his Zinger World.

The Royal Zinger's Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty allowed the creation of Biome Bombs, which could birth Quip Clansmen depending on the Prana used. As the Quip Guardian accumulated the Royal Zinger genes, Quip Clansmen were born in its Zinger World.

The Quip Guardian was basically the Quip Clan's version of the Celestial Boar, with a capacity to store 100 Tangible Natures. Moreover, if given enough time to accumulate resources, the Quip Guardian could even condense the Natures of the Royal Zinger, at the Mystic Grade.

Unlike the Celestial Boar that was limited by external factors, especially the availability of Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts that it could consume, the Quip Guardian could passively accumulate Mystic Grade Natures.

The Royal Zinger had three Mystic Grade Natures. And just the combination of Prana Stitch and Perfect Biome Domination were deadly, especially when raised to the 10-Life Stage each and then stacked countless times.

There were minor differences, but the human form of the Quip Guardian closely resembled Brangara. After walking for a certain distance, the Quip Guardian stared at the Biome Bomb in the ceiling and frowned, "How am I supposed to get there?"

"Are we going to climb the walls?" He stared at Inala and tilted his head innocently, "My Lord, Royal Zinger, what should I do here?"

"Should I break out from here?" He wondered, "But I have barely built this human form. I have yet to build my Pranic Beast form."

"Enter this," Inala said and threw a Biome Bomb at the Quip Guardian's feet, prompting the latter to enter inside once the Biome Bomb expanded to its actual size and revealed a door, "I'll bring you somewhere else."

"Besides," Inala said with a commanding tone, "Just call me Inala."

"Okay," The Quip Guardian nodded and walked into the Biome Bomb, pausing after a couple of seconds as he turned around and stared at Inala, "By the way, what am I called?"

"Inala sounds cool. Can't you give me a similar name?" He asked, his eyes turning round like saucers. Though he was given a lot of memories, his experience was nil, which meant he retained a child-like innocence in his approach to things.

"Root," Inala said as he stared at the Major Treasure of Turnip, taking only a moment before making the decision, "You'll be called as Root from henceforth."

"Wow," The Quip Guardian clapped, genuinely impressed as he too stared at the Major Treasure of Turnip, "That feels very...apt. You're a genius, Inala."

"Some call me that," Inala rubbed his nose a little and strung the Biome Bomb-that had shrunk to fist size-to the side of his hip. His figure vanished and appeared in a volcanic

region.

There was a small team of Quip Zingers before him, huddling in the safety of their Cloud Ship, too afraid to peek out as the region was too dangerous for them.

Poisonous fumes constantly gushed out amidst occasional volcanic eruptions. For as long as the eye could see, there were a series of active volcanoes.

Rathlana Turf!

It was a region filled with active volcanoes, extremely disastrous to survive for the average Pranic Beast. Of course, there were a few Gold Grade Pranic Beast races that had made this region their home.

Owning an entire region to themselves, the population of the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the Rathlana Turf was one of the highest in terms of density on Sumatra Continent.

Inala wasn't concerned about the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, as he had already communicated with them beforehand.

Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Brimchoir!

It was half reptilian, half fish, and sported a metallic head resembling a bird. These creatures

had evolved to survive in extreme heat, their primary habitat existing in volcanic craters that had just gotten dormant.

They needed the passive heat radiating from the volcano to survive, for their bodies had changed to the extent they'd freeze to death in any regular climate on Sumatra beyond the

region.

The Brimchoirs were vulnerable to cold, so much so that a slight gust of cold wind could give them a heart attack. It was why they lived in the hottest areas even in the Rathlana Turf.

"How's the status of our talks?" Inala stared at the Quip Zingers huddled within the Cloud Ship and asked.

"W-We represented you and discussed some terms with them. However, the Brimchoirs aren't willing to grans us access to the spot we had asked for, but instead an inferior spot far away from the centre." The Quip Zinger trembled and spoke.

The accumulated presence of thousands of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had pervaded the region, for only the Brimchoirs lived here, maintaining a monopoly. This presence was ever-present and struck fear in the hearts of the Quip Zingers, who were only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

"You told them the terms we had discussed, right?" Inala frowned, having never thought discussions would go south at this point.

The day he spotted Narkahamy and observed his build, Inala had already made preparations

to capture Brangara and create the Major Treasure of Turnip, which basically accumulated the Royal Zinger genes passively.

And of course, he required a region where the Major Treasure could safely accumulate resources and strengthen the Quip Zinger. One of the prime requirements of such a spot would have to be a blessed land, which were extremely rare.

A Blessed land guarded by thousands of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts was even more safe, which

was why Inala selected this region. He made contact personally, laying down the initial groundwork, following which the Quip Zingers took charge on furthering the discussions. "I apologise for failing to meet your expectations," The Quip Zinger bowed until his head

touched the floor with force.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"It's alright," Inala waved his hand and flew deeper into the region, stunning the Brimchoirs

as he calmly landed in their midst.

"Now," He stared around and focused on the oldest, and the strongest Brimchoir, slightly emitting his presence to ask, "What's the issue?"



Chapter 794: It's Time

﻿

Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Brimchoir!

With a Prana capacity of 7100 and a Lifespan of 1780 years, it was a long-lived Pranic Beast race that could be said to have the most stable genetic composition. Even though they hadn't hit their limit, judging by the lack of Empyrean prefix even after becoming an Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast, due to the stability of their strength, they could never reach the peak.

Never in their race's history did a Brimchoir mutate, as they truly had no predators and lived in a region practically uninhabitable for other Pranic Beasts. No plants grew in the region. However, a Brimchoir had characteristic traits similar to a plant.

When hungry, a Brimchoir would inhale toxic fumes from a volcano and digest it. Its body, though biological, was mostly composed of heavy metals and other toxic substances. Its lungs were special, capable of breaking down toxic fumes down to the atomic level.

Carbon monoxide and other oxides of carbon were broken down and then integrated into the body, which was how they were able to grow in this region. The extremity of the region required the fiercest drive for survival.

And having achieved that, the Brimchoirs were unable to progress forward. They lived their days lazing about, barely doing anything other than eat, sleep, and occasionally howl at each other.

"Now, what's the issue?" Inala asked as landed between a group of lazing Brimchoirs and stared at the oldest and strongest of their kind while releasing his presence.

[We don't wish to be a part of this. We considered the benefits you have proposed but after careful consideration, we don't wish to be discovered by the Celestial Boar. We'll be farmed and consumed if that were to happen.]

Primary Nature—Heat Discharge!

The vertebrae column of the Brimchoirs acted as a reservoir of heat. When a Brimchoir slept in a volcanic crater, all the excess heat absorbed by its body would be stored in this. The vertebrae column could store a ginormous amount of heat safely, without leaking any of it into the Brimchoir's body.

And when it was time to fight, a Brimchoir released all the heat stored in its vertebral column, vaporising its enemy. The heat was released as either a wave or a condensed ray, powerful enough to destroy whatever creature dared target them.

As Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, they had nothing to fear unless their attacker was one of the Deities of Sumatra. And of course, if they were ever discovered by Brangara, he'd consume them.

After all, their Primary Nature would prove exceptionally useful to him, which was why they didn't dare make any waves in the region that would bring Brangara's attention upon them.

The moment they heard the news about the birth of the Empyrean Boar King and the powers possessed by this ultimate predator, the Brimchoirs ceased all activity beyond Rathlana Turf.

Until then, they used to stroll out from time to time, harassing other Pranic Beasts for entertainment. But since the beginning of the Empyrean Boar King's era, they kept to themselves, ensuring every Pranic Beast in the surrounding region forgot them over time.

Since there was nothing of value in the Rathlana Turf and they had no reason to enter the region, the surrounding Pranic Beasts had no reason to discuss about the Brimchoirs, which meant information about this race wasn't discussed or diverged further beyond.

As a result, unless Brangara were to stumble upon the region, he would never know about their existence. This was primarily how every Pranic Beast race with a bit of power hid themselves, unwilling to be farmed by the Empyrean Boar King.

"I see, so you don't wish to be found by the Celestial Boar?" Inala nodded, his expression calm as suddenly, all the Brimchoirs around him began to age rapidly, "It's alright, right?"

"Seems the lot of you are completely happy offending me." A chuckle left his mouth but his expression was arrogant as he watched the Brimchoirs kneel down weakly, in unbearable pain from their Prana and Lifespan being absorbed rapidly.

Had they not been Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, they would have fallen unconscious already.

[Please...spare us! We don't wish to be involved...we...only hope to live in peace.]

"And that you shall," Inala nodded and pointed at a certain volcanic mountain, "All I'm asking is to give that one mountain to me. As long as you guys remain tight-lipped, no one will know."

"Otherwise," He sighed and shook his head, "There's only one option left for me, since I need this spot."

[We...surrender!]

The strongest Brimchoir stopped resisting, having grown frail from old age as it stared weakly at Inala, expressing its intent to surrender submissively.

"Alright," Inala snapped his finger as Prana and Lifespan flowed back into all the Brimchoirs, reverting them to their original states. He took a step forward and flew past them to enter the volcanic crater of his choice.

The Brimchoirs only stared in resignation as they silently dispersed, settling about in farther locations.

"It's...huge!" Inala smiled upon seeing the volcanic mountain, one that reached a height of 12 kilometres and sported a base radius exceeding four kilometres. It stood proudly amidst a sea of active volcanoes, having just stopped its eruption a couple years ago.

Inala entered the crater and observed the intense heat radiating from the solidified earth, "This is the spot."

"The heat is...pretty intense." The Influenced Region of Quip Guardian, Root muttered the moment he walked out of the Biome Bomb, wiping his sweat a bit in response as he stared at Inala, "Do we have to be here?"

"This is blessed land," Inala pointed at the crater, "It's infinitely smaller as compared to the Brimgan Empire, but the emission of minerals here are higher. And every year, there will be a volcanic activity, which means a spike in mineral emission."

"The volcanic activity won't happen as long as Turnip is absorbing the minerals at a rapid enough pace." Inala nodded, "And even if there's an eruption, you'll be there to shield it from

harm."

He also placed an orb nearby, "I'll also keep one of this here. It has more than enough Prana reserves to protect Turnip."

Following that, he took out another Biome Bomb, which had condensed the Attributed Region within it, "This will shield Turnip from harm when necessary."

"All these are great, I won't lie." Root nodded and then stared at Inala, "But this is only for the future. Don't you need my strength to face Brangara in a few months? I can barely charge up a few Iron Grade Tangible Natures at this rate."

"You needn't worry about that." Inala smiled and waved his hand, "Just keep accumulating the Tangible Natures. I'll be bringing you a loot of beneficial food next."

"Alright," Root nodded and then asked, "So, what Tangible Natures do you want me to condense? If you are confident in bringing me enough food, I can begin making preparations to condense as many Perfect Biome Domination as necessary."

"Focus on Tangible Psycokinesis for the time being." Inala said after a moment's thought, "Eighty of them, and elevate them all to the 10-Life Stage."

"As for the remaining twenty, I'll tell you what you need to focus on later." Saying so, Inala

flew up into the sky and stared around, his presence pulsing once to serve as a reminder to the Brimchoirs to stay put obediently and behave as if nothing strange was happening in their

territory.

The mountain Inala had taken up was the sole blessed node in the region, and was pretty much symbolic to the Brimchoirs, their home, their spiritual pillar. He had forcibly occupied it, which caused them immense dissatisfaction.

However, even if they were dissatisfied, what could they do? The short few seconds where Inala displayed a hint of his powers left them terrified for life.

There will be a moment in time where the Brimchoirs would attack the Major Treasure of Turnip in order to seize control over their spiritual pillar, but that wouldn't happen in the current generation, which were all terrified of the Royal Zinger.

Most of them have only heard about the Empyrean Boar King and the Celestial Boar, but hadn't witnessed its might. However, they had felt the Royal Zinger's power firsthand, enough to become terrified enough to never glance at their spiritual pillar ever again.

Brimgan Empire!

Seated in the palace was Boul Brimgan, hearing a flurry of discussions from the Ministers

there, all of whom had experienced a surge in strength after upgrading to Mystic Kinesis Art. Currently in the throne room, there were a total of eight Ministers that had reached the 10- Life Stage, which even more on the verge of reaching that point.

"How's goes our raid into the Attributed Region?" Boul Brimgan asked as he surveyed the Ministers, observing their bright expressions.

"Your Majesty," One of the Minister got up and bowed respectfully, "We've already gained possession of all the Minor Treasures in the Attributed Region. After systematically defeating the Attributed Creatures, we've also collected all the Gold Grade minerals in theirn/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

possession."

Another Minister got up and bowed to speak, "Cultivation techniques regarding two of those minerals have been developed successfully. In another decade, we will have talented cultivators harnessing their might."

"How much of those minerals do we have?" Boul Brimgan nodded slowly before asking.

"It's enough for one cultivator to reach the 10-Life Stage and another to reach the 6-Life Stage. Both Gold Grade minerals are only available in similar quantities." The Minister nodded, "But if we find someone with a smaller stature, we'll barely be able to cultivate two

to the 10-Life Stage."

"It's alright, let's not restrict ourselves too much." Boul Brimgan waved his hand, "Find the

most suitable people to cultivate it. Focus on cultivating as many talented cultivators to the peak of the Body Stage. We need more quantity for the time being. And once they're influenced by their Human Avatars, their future generations will become more attuned to it. We'll eventually get someone from their family line who could reach the 10-Life Stage."

"Let them focus on improving the cultivation techniques, Skills, and even figure out the

creation of Prime Skills for the same until then." Boul Brimgan was about to speak further when he noticed the presence of Inala in one of the palace rooms. With a flash, he condensed a

Rutham figure of himself in the room, staring at Inala to ask solemnly, "Is it time?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "Let's head to the Varahan Empire now."



Chapter 795: I Leave It To You, Yamahara

﻿

"Gah!" Yamahara's eyes shot open as he got up in a flurry, springing awake as he rolled to his feet, looking around in panic, "Father! Are you alright..."

He choked, observing that he was trapped in a cubic room whose sides spanned a length of four metres. He was neither chained nor were his powers suppressed. However, even if he wanted to, he couldn't break out of it.

"This is...Attributed Region." Yamahara placed his palm on the wall and felt the subtle fluctuations emanating from the latter. He was trapped in a cage of water, one created to hold him still. Even his father struggled to break past the Attributed Region, not to mention him, the current him that is, one that was powerless.

He placed his palm on his stomach, feeling hungry, for his stomach, one resembling Astral World, but for storing blood, was empty. All the blood stored in it had been extracted somehow, leaving him powerless.

Without any stored blood, he was weaker than a Free Human at the Spirit Stage. "Shit! We messed up!"

'I told Father numerous times to avoid targeting Orakha! Now look what happened! The moment the Mystic Seven realised his main body wasn't at home, they attacked us!' His hands trembled in anger, in frustration, but most of all, in helplessness.

"I...can't do shit." He kneeled on the floor, weak, slamming his fist powerlessly, "Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong."

"You're right about that." A voice from behind startled him as Yamahara turned around and noticed the figure of Inala walking out of the wall of water.

"Inala?" Yamahara blinked for a moment before taking a step back subconsciously, "W-What do you want?"

"Relax, I have no intentions to harm you. Or rather, I need your help." Saying so, Inala snapped his finger as the Attributed Region surrounding them morphed. A pillar of water rose from the floor and expanded into a table, following which it stretched out a chair on either side.

"I simply wish to talk a little," Inala said and pointed at the chair, "Take a seat. Let's converse, since that's what you've been hoping for all along."

"Okay," Yamahara was suspicious, but even if he was, there was nothing he could do, not against the First Calamity. He watched Inala pull back the chair and take a seat casually. But when he tried to do the same, his chair didn't budge, 'This too is part of the Attributed Region.'

A single droplet of water in the Attributed Region weighed as much as a mountain. It was extremely dense, and hence, Yamahara couldn't even budge it. But upon seeing his intention, Inala stared at the chair that moved back automatically, allowing Yamahara to take a seat.

"So...ah!" Yamahara was about to speak when the chair moved forward, surprising him. His heart thumped as he realised a second later that the chair only aligned itself so that Yamahara could comfortably place his hands on the table.

'This guy controls the Attributed Region like it's a part of his body.' Yamahara truly felt the terrifying amount of power that Inala could wield now, subconsciously trembling as he asked, "What do you need from me?"

"Stay out of whatever happens next." Inala said, "I need you to promise me to stay here and train like your life depends on this."

"My family is out there, Inala." Yamahara said, his expression hardening, "I won't remain idle when I know they're in danger."

"Your family is doing everything it can to kill my family." Inala calmly tapped the table before him, causing ripples to form on it, "So, it's only wise I retaliate, right?"

"You've tried everything you could and failed. So, sit this one out."

"I won't! I'll keep trying, no matter how long it takes!" Yamahara shouted, flinching upon noticing a fierce ripple form on the table, indicating Inala's anger.

"There will be none alive by the time you succeed!" Inala slammed on the table, agitated for a moment. There was silence for a few seconds as he spoke, ignoring the expression of terror on Yamahara's face, "We've run out of time."

"W-What do you mean by that?" Yamahara asked in shock.

"Your father will grow to become too powerful after this. So, if anything, this is the only possible moment where there still exists a possibility of his death." Inala spoke slowly, "He probably already exceeds the strength of an Iron Transcendent. Any more, and it'll be impossible to kill him."

"So, we're making a move in the Third Major Disaster where we're guaranteed to face him," His expression turned fierce as he stared at Yamahara, "He is aware of Sumatra Chronicles, which means its influence on him is stronger. So, he'll definitely be there during the Third Major Disaster."

"What do you expect me to do? Smile at the fact that you'll kill my father? And you expect me to sit still when I'm aware of that fact?" Yamahara shrilled, his hand extending forth in an effort to touch Inala, aware that at the moment of contact, he could absorb the latter's blood and use the Royal Zinger's powers to break free of this prison.

"Try it," In response to his thoughts, Inala let out a twisted smile, expressing his hesitation as he tapped the table, "And I'll drop this on the Varahan Empire."

"..." Yamahara instantly retracted his hand as he sat on his seat, his expression pale as he stared at the table before him, "That...please, don't. You'll destroy the Empire."

All Inala had to do was drop a large block of the Attributed Region onto the Varahan Empire to destroy it. This would be a calamitous asteroid strike, enough to devastate the Varahan Empire and reduce the region to a simple crater.

There would be no survivors. Even if Yarsha Zahara were to be present at the scene, she could use her powers to take control of the Attributed Region. But that was it, as the region would still continue to fall, unabated in its momentum.

Simply switching hands in ownership doesn't negate the momentum it had built up in its descent. Inala would be carrying it through his Biome Bomb, using its functions to negate the weight that he carried.

However, when he's dropping it, he'd remove the Biome Bomb and only drop the Attributed Region. Without the Biome Bomb, the full extent of the Attributed Region's weight would be displayed, so it was impossible to stop its fall.

Brangara could stop it, but he too wasn't at the Varahan Empire. And even if he were, nothing changes. Brangara could indeed stop such an attack, but it would have to be within his reach.

Inala could simultaneously drop dozens of Attributed Regions across all corners of the Varahan Empire. Brangara wouldn't be able to stop more than one, which meant all the remaining would strike true, still reducing Varahan Empire into a crater at the end of the day.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I'll...listen to whatever you have to say." Yamahara slumped in defeat, his voice a whimper. "Please, cull your threats, Inala."

"Good," Inala nodded and snapped his finger, causing the Attributed Region to turn transparent, revealing a larger section of it, stretching way beyond the room imprisoning Yamahara. "Then let's get to business."

"All these are yours," Inala said and pointed towards various rooms built like petroleum tanks, each filled to the brim with blood.

"These are...?" Yamahara got up with a start, wondering what Inala was up to. "What are you

planning?"

"I've read your memories," Inala said.

That one line was enough as Yamahara slumped and sighed, one of relief, "Thank goodness, someone other than me knows."

"Then," He stared at Inala in a hurry, "We need to stop fighting and make preparations for

the Continental Invasion."

"You do that," Inala said and pointed at the closest container of blood, "That's the Royal

Zinger's blood."

He pointed at the second reservoir, "That's the Celestial Boar's blood."

Then the third, "That's Resha's blood."

"Blola, Grehha are up next." He then pointed at a row of containers trailing after, "Boul

Brimgan, Harla Brimgan, Ruvva...you name them, and their blood exists here, in massive quantities."

"All these are for me?" Yamahara's eyes widened as he figured out Inala's plan, asking in defeat, "You have no intentions of stopping, don't you?"

"Yes, I'll kill Brangara and die in the process. I'm not sure how many or even if any of us will

be alive towards the end." Inala got up and stared at the series of blood containers, letting out a sigh, "I wouldn't have cared if it was just me. But, I'm the Deity of the Zingers. I'm responsible for the creatures who live and die on my will."

"My hands are tied, so I'll pass them on to you, Yamahara." Inala said and stared at the seated

figure, "Everything I've placed here is ammunition to help you prepare for the Continental

Invasion."

"Sumatra's Transcendent Eater told you a lot, but it's not everything." Inala pointed at another room filled with items, "There's a bunch of Information Slips there. They consist of everything that I've come to know from both the Brimgan Founder and Torq. They'll be

helpful in your efforts."

"If possible..." He paused and took a couple of seconds before saying, his care evident, "If the Quip Clan is in danger in the future, I hope you lend them a helping hand."

"I...won't promise anything." Yamahara bowed, his brows twitching, "Irrespective of

whatever he does, I respect my Father the most. Dishonesty isn't my thing, so I want you to understand this, Inala."

His expression turned fierce, "I'll hate you forever if you manage to kill my father."

"You're able to access the information present in one's blood, right?" Inala beckoned at Yamahara with his hand, "Come here and absorb my blood."

"Are you...sure?" Yamahara hesitated but grabbed Inala's hand readily upon seeing the latter

nod in response. A vast amount of blood flowed into his body from Inala, allowing Yamahara

to read the information present in the blood-carried by the Prana mixed in it.

"This...this is?" His face turned pale in a matter of seconds, and then became enriched by dread. Subconsciously, he retracted his hand and walked back, stumbling in the process, "You...you...how...is...this...possible?"

What Yamahara absorbed through Inala's blood was the latter's present thoughts. It simply

showed the various plans Inala had in regard to destroying everything Yamahara loved- family, friends, Empire, etc.

From simple destruction such as dropping the Attributed Region from the sky to creating the most treacherous civil war among the Wean Clansmen, Inala was capable of them all. The sheer number of plans and thoughts he had, all realistically achievable for him, was what

terrified Yamahara.

But the most fearsome of all was Binala. Inala simply revealed what he had done at the Varahan Empire as Binala, "Y-You were the culprit behind that?"

"Yes," Inala smiled, "I merely had the strength of someone who had entered the Body Stage.

The most I could do was hold a single Nature in my Vara Human Avatar. But you know what I've done there, with just that meagre power at my disposal."

"T-That...is impossible!" Yamahara was in a state of disbelief. He wanted to deny Inala, but

the memories he absorbed were real and connected the dots of everything he had been investigating in the past decade. All of them were started by Inala.

And the most inconceivable fact was that Inala had never left the Noikatol District, but the seeds he spread had dispersed across the entire Empire, which made it impossible for Yamahara and the various information networks working under him to figure out the cause.

"It doesn't matter even if I was at the Spirit Stage or even a Mortal. I will figure out a way to destroy everything you hold dear." Inala walked towards Yamahara and patted the latter's shoulder, whispering in his ear, causing the latter to break into hysteria, "I'm perfectly content with you harbouring hatred for me. I rather you hate me to the best of your capabilities, because I'm going to mess up a good portion of your life. But,"

"Don't act on your hatred, alright? Because if you do, whatever I show you will become your reality."



Chapter 796: The Merchant’s Gambit

﻿

Thud!n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

A key composed of minerals fell on the table before Yamahara as Inala's voice resounded

calmly in the room, "This key allows you to explore the entirety of this facility. That is, if you promise to stay put."

"Research all the information I've given you and train your abilities to the limit." Inala's voice resounded as his figure got up and approached the wall, gradually melting through it, "When the Fourth Major Disaster ends, you can come out."

Yamahara stared blankly at the mineral key before him, his expression a daze, lacking any fighting spirit. 'I can't convince anyone.'

He placed his hand on the floor weakly, sobbing silently. He wanted to take the key before him and use it to access all the blood storage, which would allow him to regain enough strength to fight Inala. However, he was scared of the consequences.

If he dares break free, Inala would do everything he had claimed. Heck, the Royal Zinger wasn't even necessary for a majority of them. Just a mortal version of Inala was enough. It might take longer the weaker he was, but it was just a matter of when.

Moreover, as he was conflicted, a row of words formed on the table, one that served as the final string that destroyed his intent to break out before the Fourth Major Disaster.

[The Boar Kings are a different subject, but I won't target the Empyrean Boars. And I'll also ensure a few of them are protected in a secure location. A branch of the Wean Clan will grow and prosper there, and when it's time, you can use Brangara's blood to turn them into Boar Kings. I've left enough to make more than a couple hundred of them. A lot of Clansmen will live there, growing up without hatred, all in preparation for the Continental Invasion. I want you to lead them, Yamahara.]

"Dammit!" His expression crumbled as he stared at the dialogue on the table, created using a mineral deposit. Basically, whatever he wanted for the Continental Invasion had been granted to him, however, the consequences of it repulsed him.

You want to prepare for the Continental Invasion? Sure, I'll give you everything I have, including the information, Skills, Cultivation Techniques, and blood of every powerhouse on Sumatra. However, the price to receive it is to shut your senses and pretend like the fight between Brangara and the Mystic Seven doesn't happen.

It was what Inala had conveyed to him, in an expressively clear manner. He made Yamahara make a choice, either his parents or the fate of Sumatra. And no matter how much he wanted to think otherwise, Yamahara was unable to lean on the former.

'They don't listen.' He became depressed. After all, from the moment of his birth, he had been trying to convince his parents all along, but failed. If only they could set aside their hatred...

"That won't work." He sighed, disgusted, but could fully understand Inala's thought process. Inala neither asked him to help the Mystic Seven nor blackmail him to go against his parents. No, he simply told Yamahara to stay out of it, irrespective of what happens next.

And in the time that was available, he ought to prepare and strengthen himself. After all, just like Gannala, Ruvva, and Harrala, Yamahara too was a Mystic Path inheritor. Whatever actions Brangara and Yarsha Zahara did continued to funnel into him.

Eventually, once his Mystic Path is filled, he would evolve into an existence that could protect Sumatra from harm. That potential was precisely the reason Sumatra's Transcendent Eater decided to support him.

"This is just too...cruel." Yamahara slumped on the floor and stared in a daze, watching a door appear on the wall. The layout was similar to the Attributed Region, with the key on the table capable of fusing into him.

Once it does, he would be able to travel throughout his holding cell freely, without the Attributed Region crushing him once he passes through the various doors. "Mother...Father...I am sorry."

"I am sorry." He inched his hand towards the key, hesitating numerous times before grabbing hold of it, "Sorry!"

"I am extremely sorry!" Tears streamed down his face as he walked into a room filled with Information Slips left by Inala, those that formed a massive pile. He stared at the Glove Slip placed at the very front and grabbed it, clutching it close to his chest as he sniffed it once and broke down, "I...I will protect Sumatra. That is precisely why I've been birthed."

"It is my honour to be your son. And I..." He held the Glove Slip dear to him, because it was his mother's most prized Glove Slip and something she wore as fun, even if she didn't require to use it, "I promise to make you proud."

"I will, I promise." His expression gradually hardened as he grabbed the closest Information Slip and accessed its contents, smiling wryly as it held information about where the blood initially stored in his stomach had been placed, 'So, it's also here.'

"Good," With slumped shoulders, he walked out and explored the place, "I still have some of my mother's blood left."

In one of the palace rooms of the Brimgan Empire, Inala appeared before two seated women who wore expressions of solemnity as they played a board game, "Look who's here!"

"Ah, Uncle Inala. You're here." Ruvva broke her concentration and got up with a spring to her feet, asking upon staring at the massive board he was holding, "What is it?"

"It's a chessboard," Inala said as he placed the board on the floor. The board was in the shape of a square and spanned a side of two metres in length. So, it was pretty massive, especially since its thickness reached ten centimetres.

There was a central column trailing from its bottom, meant to act as a stand so that the boar itself doubled as a table. Inala placed it on the floor, his expression smug to an extent it appeared arrogant.

Ruvva peeked in from beside him, her face beaming in awe as she observed the chess board, "This...this is the Attributed Region?"

"You have great eyes!" Inala chuckled as he knocked the table, "I've made it so that you wouldn't feel its full weight, but it's still heavy enough. You're probably one of the few on Sumatra that can even lift this."

The base body was made using the Attributed Region while the white and black boxes were concentrated Gold Grade minerals, enough to cause an average Empire to drool over it. The pieces were also made using Gold Grade minerals, each equally precious and on par with Rutham.

"Where...did you find these minerals? Their quality is on par with Rutham...no, not just any Rutham, but the Rutham composing Boul Brimgan's Human Avatar." Ruvva asked as she observed the chessboard in further detail.

'They're present in scarce quantities, but these Gold Grade minerals exist in the Dieng Canyon.' Inala thought, choosing to maintain his silence. He could condense the Dieng Canyon's terrain in all Gold Biome Bombs and above. And if he wanted, he could selectively condense only these Gold Grade minerals through the usage of Perfect Biome Domination.

However, he only made the chess board so expensive as a diversion, 'Yamahara is actually living within it, alongside everything I've given him.'

Inala thought long and hard about where to keep Yamahara. No matter how much secrecy he maintains or how far away he hides it, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater could find it eventually. And once that is done, it could inform Brangara who could take a shortcut through the Sandy- Grey Void to rapidly arrive at the location, break into it, and free Yamahara.

Hence, the easiest solution was to hide it in plain sight. The Brimgan Empire was the perfect place, since it controlled the Attributed Region. Moreover, if anyone thought about it, the safest individual in all of Sumatra Continent was none other than Ruvva.

She was Yarsha Zahara's daughter and in terms of appearance, she closely resembled

Brangara...

'Wait a fucking second!' His eyes widened in shock as Inala turned around to face the Free

Human woman who had been in the room all along, Ruvva's daughter. He stared at the latter as the various pieces of information he had gathered joined together into a whole, 'Even if I was damn busy, I should have pieced it together long ago!'

"Inala," Suddenly, Ruvva's voice turned cold as Prana gradually wafted out of her being, condensing into faint, wing-like blades, numbering more than a hundred, all pointed at him. Her eyes closed to form creases as she extended her hand towards him, "For your own safety, please erase that information from your memory."

"Mother...?" The Free Human woman stared in shock, having never seen Ruvva emit killing intent to such an extent. Her body trembled in terror as she felt a tad suffocated, unable to breathe.

"It's nothing," Ruvva retracted her killing intent as she smiled at the Free Human woman. A second later, her figure appeared behind the latter and grabbed the woman who had been knocked unconscious.

She placed her gently on the nearby bed and stared at Inala, "So, your answer, Uncle Inala?"

"It's not an issue," Inala nodded and brought out the Mystic Human Stamp, "Virala lent me this, so I can extract it all out of me without issues. However, I just wish to confirm it first."

"Is she...?" He stared at the Free Human woman and asked, "She's not your daughter, right?"

"She's...not." Ruvva spoke after a few seconds, her expression softening as she muttered, "She's Uncle Orakha's daughter."

"I knew it," Inala let out a long sigh, "So that's what incentivised him to gift ten pieces of Sumatra Gold to Boul Brimgan. He's truly a merchant, in and out."

'When I think about it, Ruvva is the only one except from the hatred of both sides. She's the perfect bystander as long as she doesn't take any action. So, Orakha became her closest individual, like a father figure. And it was his last favour. If he succeeded in fleeing the fight, he'll live out in peace. But even otherwise, his daughter will be perfectly safe as the world will

think of her as Ruvva's daughter.' Inala analysed everything, 'He has invested exactly where it

counts.'

The Brimgan Empire withstood the test of time repeatedly, through both the Death Knell Invasion and the Mudropper Invasion. Heck, the climatic battle against the Mudroppers was waged in the Brimgan Empire.

No matter how tough things get, the Brimgan Empire will figure out something to continue surviving. They were by far the stablest force on Sumatra. So, it was the safest bet to invest in

them.

From the outside, it seemed like Orakha was simply mediating between various forces. However, he not only arranged for the Brimgan Empire to accept Ruvva, but also created the means for her to live a sheltered life in the Empire, with the status as the second Brimgan

Guardian.

It was all because of what he had witnessed in the Brimgan Empire's possession.

The Major Treasure of Deity was powerful. However, the Influenced Region of Golden Deity was even better, since the influence of twenty Minor Treasures circulated through it and resulted in a Brimgan Royal being able to absorb the Major Treasure of Deity's influence to strengthen themselves.

That, and the upgradation of Gold Kinesis Art into Mystic Kinesis Art gave Orakha enough foundation to trust the Brimgan Empire. And most of all, he was confident about Boul Brimgan's sheer talent and potential, which was why when a chance presented itself, Orakha

sponsored Boul Brimgan.

That paved the way to the current scenario where Orakha's daughter could live free from harm

and never have to worry about being involved in the war between Brangara and the Mystic Seven, which none of the other daughters of Mystic Seven could escape.

"Does she know?" Inala asked.

"Nope," Ruvva shook her head, "As far as she's considered, I'm her mother. Besides, I'm the

only one who knows the real truth."

"Even Boul Brimgan doesn't know?" Inala asked in shock.

"What do you think?" Ruvva chuckled as she stared at the Mystic Human Stamp, "Virala is nervous to face me. I asked him to lend it for a few days and he happily accepted."

"Boul Brimgan was the one who made all the arrangements," Ruvva sighed and patted the

Free Human woman's head, "From arranging a so-called father who died heroically to the backstory of our love, he created a perfect fabrication and executed it perfectly. Once everything was done, he was happy to have the related memories erased using the Mystic

Human Stamp."

"Now, even he only knows what the public knows." Ruvva nodded and stared at Inala, "Does

that answer everything?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "What's her name?"

"Moihala," Ruvva said, pointing at herself, "I was the one who named her, since technically,

I'm her mother figure."

"That style of naming..." Inala frowned as he asked, "Does it follow the Empyrean Tusk

language?"

"It means one who lives in absolute darkness." Ruvva nodded to confirm Inala's thoughts of

the name being taken from the language of the Empyrean Tusks.

'One who lives in darkness?' There was a moment of silence before Inala realised the truth of

the matter. Such a name didn't mean much generally speaking, as there were commonly used names with similar meanings. However, upon thinking of Moihala's mother, it took a whole other meaning. "Are you implying?"

"No, she's a Free Human. It doesn't make sense."

"This is why my story about her birth works, since no one will believe that a Free Human's

father is a Mammoth Clansman and the mother is a Pranic Beast. But that's the truth." Ruvva

grinned as she grabbed the Mystic Human Stamp from Inala and used it, "And she has perfectly inherited the characteristics of her parents."

"I see," Inala nodded as his eyes blanked out momentarily. He then blinked in confusion for a

couple of seconds, smiled at Ruvva, and vanished, having forgotten everything about the prior conversation, including Moihala's name.

"Of course, it has its fair share of risks," Ruvva muttered once Inala had left as she approached Moihala and patted the latter's hand upon seeing them turn jet-black. She dripped a droplet of her blood and seeped it into the latter's hand, counteracting whatever

was troubling Moihala.

A few seconds later, upon seeing that Moihala had recovered, Ruvva smiled, "And I'm the

only person who can keep her powers in check until she grows strong enough to subconsciously control them."

Her eyes glowed faintly as Ruvva seeped her Prana into Moihala's Spirit Container and sensed

the latter's Human Avatar, 'Rutham with the characteristics of grey sand, the first compound mineral in existence.'

'If the truth about her powers ever gets revealed, it would change the world as we know it.

Man, that annoying uncle of mine. He should have hesitated a little when he obtained so many pieces of Sumatra Gold.' She shook her head a little and got up, her expression fierce, 'Uncle Orakha, please wait for me. I'll do everything in my power to return you to normal.'



Chapter 797: Sparking a Civil War

﻿

Varahan Empire, Terkuton District!

"Keh...kuhahaha!" Narkahamy roared in laughter as he stared at the 14 Empyrean Boars before him, all under his captive. When Inala barged into the Varahan Palace and kidnapped Yamahara and Brangara, the Empire fell into chaos.

After all, the Empress was a fake while the Emperor was kidnapped. Even Yamahara, the one with the second highest authority in the Empire after the Emperor and the Empress was kidnapped. It caused unrest among the upper echelon of the Empire.

All the Boar Kings did their best to keep the situation under control and ensured no information related to the incident was leaked to the masses. However, Narkahamy was more than happy to cause chaos.

The moment he sensed the changes, he realised that the First Calamity had succeeded in whatever she sought to achieve. Since he was already informed of it, he was ready to act. Information about the kidnapping found its way to all the media houses, with many Gramophones playing the news aloud.

Society turned chaotic, forcing the Wean Clansmen on edge as they did everything in their power to calm down the populace. But it was easier said than done. After all, the strongest being on Sumatra was kidnapped right from the heart of the Varahan Empire.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

This caused the citizens to lose faith in the Varahan Empire, especially the Wean Clan. And here, was where Narkahamy struck. He personally led his strongest troops and captured Wean Clansmen one after another, ensuring to target in different cities, all absurdly far away from each other, with no pattern or the sorts present in his actions.

Basically, he drew lots and targeted Cities accordingly. With his 6-Life Stage strength at the Gold Grade, armed with six Blessed Influence, his strength eclipsed the average Wean Clansmen. In terms of cultivation, he was the highest.

At present, only the Boar Kings were stronger than him. He wasn't confident about capturing them and hence refrained from going anywhere near them. After all, armed with Astral Chart, the Boar Kings were on a whole other level as compared to Wean Clansmen.

However, he wasn't pressured about the fact. Rather, he was simply in a state of glee, as Talamas—his Terrorist Organisation-had only grown stronger in the two years following the incident. Apart from YoriBuntara, he had 14 other Wean Clansmen under his control, which meant that he could feed their bodies to a lot more of his members and result in them gaining the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature.

'Today was another fruitful day.' He thought in excitement while heading towards his personal library where all his research data was maintained. He extended his hand towards the doorknob and froze for an instant, noticing his hand trembling faintly in response, 'This feeling of infinite suppression.'

He gulped and entered the library, bowing immediately after, "It's an honour to meet you once again, First Calamity."

"Take a seat," A soft voice oozing authority resounded as Narkahamy plopped on the floor, his back breaking into a sweat. He slowly raised his head and stared at the figure of Amita Brimgan standing before his table, casually flipping through his latest research result.

"You're on the verge of entering the 7-Life Stage, huh?" Amita Brimgan muttered as she set aside the document. The floor convulsed to form into a chair that she sat up, crossed her legs, and stared down at Narkahamy.

"Yes," Narkahamy bowed submissively, "It's a bit slower than usual since I've reached a high enough level through the Life Stage. But in a decade, I'll enter the 10-Life Stage."

"That's impressive," Amita Brimgan nodded, "You're by far the fastest Gold Grade existence to reach such a level. I'm impressed."

"It's an honour to be recognised by you." Narkahamy bowed until his forehead touched the floor, "With Your Highness's support, I've collated my gains further. I feel like I'll become even stronger once I reach the 10-Life Stage."

"Yes, you will." Amita Brimgan nodded, "Your growth will truly begin once you reach the 10- Life Stage."

"You mean?" Narkahamy raised his head in shock, "There's a higher point to reach in my path?"

"You started at the Silver Grade and then entered the Gold Grade and managed to make an Empyrean Boar's power your own." Inala nodded, "You're a self-sufficient Free Human, so there's nothing that can hold your growth back any longer."

Inala patted the most recent document on the table, "Your thoughts are on the right track. Even though becoming the Boar King is the next sequential step after an Empyrean Boar, that's the path of a Wean Clansman, not a Free Human like you."

"Instead, you should focus on the advantage that only you possess." Amita Brimgan grinned, "Your Blessed Influence, that is."

"Focus on creating the power of Astral Chart through it. The moment you succeed is when you will become invincible."

"Yes," Narkahamy nodded without an ounce of resistance.

"But that's not why I've come here today." Amita Brimgan leaned to the side a little and

rested her head on her palm, speaking authoritatively, "Say, Narkahamy."

"Do you wish to become the Varahan Emperor?"

"WHAT?" His body trembled with an uncontrolled surge of adrenaline as Narkahamy gasped

in shock before he burst into maniacal laughter. With a start, he slammed his head on the floor, cracking the latter instead while he remained unharmed, "YES!"

"YES! YES! YES!"

"Good, then start making preparations." Amita Brimgan got up slowly and dusted her clothes, "From today onwards, there won't be Boar Kings in the Varahan Empire anymore. You know what to do after this, right?"

"Yes!" Narkahamy nodded, barely able to rein in his excitement.

"Do your followers have Vara Accum?" Amita Brimgan asked after pausing for a few seconds.

"No, that's my exclusive advantage. I've no intention to give them too much power." Narkahamy shook his head.

"Then you should do that now." Amita Brimgan said to his surprise, continuing casually, "With the Tertiary Nature of Vara Accum, you can completely take over the role and responsibility of a Wean Clansman. You can practically replace them and become

independent."

"So, do that. Become independent. You're a Free Human, right?" Amita Brimgan grinned, her voice intoxicating as Narkahamy was instantly influenced, unaware that he was under the effects of a series of Tangible Piezo Slips unleashed under Perfect Biome Domination.

They were controlled to the extent the soundwaves were wrapped under the words he spoke while conversing, filled with the power of a Tangible Piezo Slip. When Narkahamy absorbed it, he became influenced instantly, unable to even detect what he was up against.

"Won't I lose my authority in that case?" Narkahamy expressed his hesitation mildly, "They won't have any reason to listen to me since with Vara Accum, they'll become capable of harmonising the three Natures and unleashing the power of Blessed Influence."

"All Wean Clansmen have the same power. However, are they all equal in strength?" Amita Brimgan smirked, continuing upon seeing that Narkahamy was convinced immediately, "Even if your subordinates enter the Gold Grade and have the same three Natures as you, none of them will be able to match your strength or pace of growth. After that, it'll be a contest of Blessed Influence."

'Yes, with the First Calamity's support, I can easily create the strongest Gold Grade Blessed Influence.' Narkahamy clenched his hand into a fist in excitement, readily accepting the task, "I'll do it, I'll become the Varahan Emperor!"

"You'll have to seize the throne with your strength. All I'll be doing is removing the Boar

Kings from the picture." Amita Brimgan stared at Narkahamy, "A ruler is someone who can garner the support of the masses. So, whether or not you can succeed depends entirely on your capability."

"I have no intentions of the Varahan Emperor being my puppet." Amita Brimgan pointed at Narkahamy to ask, "Will you do it?"

"I will." Narkahamy thumped his chest, "This is a land of Free Humans. As a Free Human, it's only right that I rule my race, and not a Clansman!"

"I won't participate personally, but I'll send a messenger from the Quip Clan." Amita Brimgan said coolly, "If you succeed in convincing them, you'll gain access to the Quip Clan's

mercantile network."

'This should be enough to cause a civil war. The Varahan Empire will be too busy fighting within itself to participate in the war.' Amita Brimgan thought, 'With Narkahamy's capabilities, he'll push the Wean Clansmen back to the Varahan Enclave and gain complete control over the Varahan Empire. Other than the Wean Clansmen necessary to awaken the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature in his Free Humans, he would have no other need for

the Empyrean Boars.'

'The Gold Grade Free Humans will be self-sufficient thanks to Vara Accum and can replace the

Wean Clansmen in managing the Varahan Empire just like now. This will change the status quo and turn the Varahan Empire into a Free Human powerhouse just like the Brimgan Empire.' With a wave of her hand, Amita Brimgan disappeared from the library and appeared at a spot far away from the Varahan Empire, standing on the peak of a mountain to gaze into

the expanse stretching beyond.

"There will be an endless war between the Wean Clansmen and the Varahan Empire. As both

Gold Grade existences face each other in repeated battles, they'll sharpen their abilities to truly become strong." Reverting to his male form, Inala stared at the sky, "With the massive population of the Varahan Empire and the insane fertility of the Wean Clansmen, the two sides will be evenly matched."

'They will hate each other and forget all about the Mammoth Clan, Quip Clan, and others.' Inala let out a soft sky, 'With this, I've neutralised another major threat.'

Even if Inala kills Brangara, the Varahan Empire still remained a ginormous threat. At the

news of the death of their Emperor, they would obviously harness all their hatred towards the Quip Clan, since that was the home of the Royal Zinger, the existence that killed their

Emperor.

It would result in an endless war between the two forces. And eventually, even without Yamahara, the Wean Clan might figure out another method to become Boar Kings. That was guaranteed to happen as they cultivated Mystic Sumatra Art.

Based on his research, similar to the Brimgan Royals who gain a Secondary Nature upon

reaching the extremity of refining their Spirit Weapon after entering the 10-Life Stage, the Wean Clansmen upon entering the 10-Life Stage possessed a non-zero possibility of becoming Boar Kings thanks to Mystic Sumatra Art.

Yarsha Zahara created Mystic Sumatra Art using Gold Kinesis Art as the base alongside Mystic

Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art. Hence, the refinement characteristics of Gold Kinesis Art were

present in it.

Inala too used the same refinement characteristics in Mystic Royal Art. It's why the Quip Clansmen could accumulate Royal Zinger genes in their body by cultivating it.

And the moment Boar Kings enter the picture, they will obviously target Gannala for

historical reasons. The Quip Clan too will face the fury of the Boar Kings. Even though the Quip Clan had enough strength to protect itself, especially thanks to the Zinger Guards and the Zinger Representatives, they were a massive force now, having expanded across a vast

region.

There just weren't enough Gold Grade Quip Clansmen to protect every single branch of theirs. And in a one-on-one, only the Zinger Representative could destroy the Boar Kings. Other Gold Grade Quip Clansmen would struggle, especially against Boar Kings that had made preparations in their Astral Chart to face them.

Hence, the easiest solution was a Civil War. The Free Humans of the Varahan Empire will kill

the Wean Clansmen while the Wean Clansmen retaliate and kill the Free Humans in large droves. Generational hatred would be cultivated in a matter of years and would maintain itself forever, or until one side perishes.

'They will no longer have the freedom to target others. Moreover,' Inala thought, revealing a

twisted smile, 'If they become desperate, they will even contact the Quip Clan to gain our support in terms of resources, just to gain an edge.'

"Eventually, both sides will fight each other to gain the Quip Clan's favour, thanks to our

policy of supporting only one force in a region." He chuckled, "And in the process of currying

favour with us, they'll have no other choice but to set aside their hatred towards us. Over time, they'll let go of the hatred."

That hatred will eventually vanish in the annals of history, allowing the Quip Clan to truly become the largest and strongest force on Sumatra, achieved without much violence. Eventually, they'll be controlling the entire economy of the region.

'Now, even if Yarsha Zahara survives the Third Major Disaster, she will no longer have a place

to return. At the end of the day, she's a Free Human. Once the Wean Clansmen accumulate enough hatred towards the Free Humans, they wouldn't trust her either, since they'll be a few

generations apart from her children.' He flexed his arms and relaxed his body, huffing slowly, "That relationship gap is enough for her to feel alienated in the place she called home, enough for her to eventually abandon them and travel about on her own."

"So, our priority remains the same." Inala smiled upon watching Virala sprint towards his

location, speaking once the latter stopped before him, "As long as we kill Brangara, everything else would resolve itself naturally."



Chapter 798: Shut Up! Let Me Think!

﻿

Brimgan Empire!

In the darkness of the night, a figure silently scaled past the Lotus Range, her arrival undetected. Darkness expanded from her being, covering her Spirit Weapon range to simulate the conditions of the Sandy-Grey Void.

All light and sound were drowned out in this region. This prevented anyone from detecting her approach using the conventional senses. As for Prana detection methods, they were even more useless, as any wave of Prana touching her was absorbed by the layer of grey sand forming her Human Avatar.

Thanks to the effects of Sandy-Grey Void that she unleashed, even with the Prana part of their Prana-detection means being absorbed, there was no feedback given to the users. They didn't experience any prickles on their skin.

[Wait, something is amiss!]

Brangara's voice resounded in her mindspace as Yarsha Zahara arrived at a stop, her senses heightened to their extreme.

Secondary Nature-Grey Kinesis Deity!

Through it, she could exhibit the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void temporarily, which was immensely potent. After all, it allowed her to touch an object, turn it into the Sandy-Grey Void, and move through it. But a few seconds later, the grey sand would revert to the original object, pristine in appearance, having no traces of her arrival.

The Mudropper's power to create the Sandy-Grey Void was unquestionably dangerous, but it was extremely eye-catching and permanently destructive. However, the Secondary Nature was able to unleash the same effects temporarily, allowing Maroppa to use it as she pleased.

And upon taking over her body, Yarsha Zahara was doing the same. Moreover, with her capability, she had created multiple skills to assist her further.

'Is something wrong?' She stopped in a hurry, covering herself in darkness to blend in with the night surroundings better.

[Seven kilometres to your left, there's a Free Human. Be on guard as I feel he can detect us easily. He turned his head our way the moment we climbed over the wall.]

Yarsha Zahara stared in the respective direction while standing still and observed the Free Human's actions. A few minutes later, her eyes widened in surprise, 'This was merely a theory when I was here. It seems they've succeeded in realising it.'

[What kind of power is it?]

Upon hearing Brangara's thoughts, Yarsha Zahara paused for a moment and replied, 'The one with this Human Avatar has zero combat power. However, they could perceive all manner of stress and strain existing in their surroundings.'

[I don't understand...]

'Basically, when I walk, my body weight is applying a mild stress on the ground. So, a strain in the shape of my footsteps forms, even on rock. This trace will vanish in a fraction of a second, however, in his vision, he'll see my footprints.'

[I see, so if his vision is stress-strain vision is blocked by your power of Sandy-Grey Void, then he'll realise something is amiss. It's a dangerous detection ability indeed. Good thing I noticed his actions and warned you promptly.]

'Yes, had I been a tad slower in reacting, he would have caught sight of my footprints.' Yarsha Zahara nodded, no longer breathing as even that would cause some disturbance in her surroundings. Instead, she relied on the air in her lungs for the time being. 'How do I move from here?'

[What's his detection range? Is it sight-based?]

'I fear it's a mixture of all his senses. So, it's not easy to avoid his detection unless we use Subtle Terrain Domination. But that will leave my Prana traces all over this place. They already have plenty of detection means to notice that.' Yarsha Zahara thought, staring at the Brimgan Empire from atop the peak of the Lotus Range, 'They're completely prepared against all infiltrators. Our only option will be to barge in head-on, but that'll bring everyone's attention upon us.'

[We don't want that. I don't want to face Boul Brimgan where he wields home advantage.]

'I understand our need for secrecy, since that was what I recommended. But with your current strength, do you still need to exercise caution here?' Yarsha Zahara frowned, wondering why Brangara was behaving as such all of a sudden, 'Even Boul Brimgan is nothing before the current you.'

[The Brimgan Empire has remained standing for too long, irrespective of the disasters it has faced. I wasn't the first Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that has rampaged in the Brimgan Empire. Two Mystic Tentacles have attacked it, and despite that, they've stood strong.]

'Are you...serious?' Yarsha Zahara was in a state of shock, 'Did you find this in a ruin?'

[Yes, this information was present in the previous ruin I explored in search of Sumatra Gold. I didn't think much of it back then. However, now that I see the various methods they have deployed here, I've come to realise that the Brimgan Empire has avoided destruction not by luck.]

'Do you think they have hidden methods that can harm you?' Yarsha Zahara asked, only to hear Brangara's laughter echo in her mindspace.

[It would take a 10-Life Stage Royal Zinger to even scratch the current me. Irrespective of what methods they have, none of them can harm me. However, I don't intend to take risks, especially because of the existence of the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Linked Rupture.]

It was created using the Tangible Nature of Death Knell. Ideally, Brangara wanted more, but

he could only stumble upon one Death Knell. They were just too rare on Sumatra, on the verge of becoming extinct.

However, this was his reason for caution. Death Knells were on the verge of extinction currently, but there was a time in Sumatra when they were present in large numbers.

Death Knell Invasion!

It happened too long ago, so much so that Sumatra's dynamic had changed completely by now as compared to the past. However, the sole constant present in this portion of Sumatra Continent was the Brimgan Empire.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The Brimgan Empire had faced the Death Knells in large numbers at one point in time. Every invasion was at a scale surpassing a Major Disaster. And in that era, the Brimgan Empire would have researched countless ways to both counter the Death Knells and harness their incredible power.

[There's a small possibility that they have a Minor Treasure with the power of a Death Knell. Considering how they hadn't used something like that before, there might be terrible consequences in using it. In the Second Major Disaster, the Brimgan Empire still thought that I could be killed with their power alone. But the moment they see the current me, they'll realise they can't do shit to me.]

'I see...' Yarsha Zahara turned silent. Since there was no way available for the Brimgan Empire to harm Brangara, they would resort to their last-ditched means, probably those that would result in the destruction of both sides.

With the Brimgan Empire as a wager, they'd result in Brangara's death. If they saw no other hope for survival, they'd resort to it, which was why Brangara didn't wish to take the risk.

[I cannot guarantee whether they possess such a measure. However, the Brimgan Empire has experienced both the Death Knell Invasion and the Mudropper Invasion. The details were destroyed in the ruins, but it's a fact that they resisted a Mystic Tentacle more than once. Since our goal is to target Harla Brimgan alone, let's not take unnecessary risks. I need to be in top condition to devour and control the power of the Transcendent Eater in Blola.]

Brangara felt the current him was already invincible enough. However, a body of his had been captured, preventing him from entering the 10-Life Stage. To date, he was unsure of its fate, which meant that anything unexpected could happen. 'If Yamahara is truly at harm, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater would either inform me or personally take action.'

This was why he wasn't entirely nervous about Yamahara's kidnapping. He was a strategic

asset to Sumatra Continent itself and was being watched by multiple Transcendents, including Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. Therefore, if his life was truly at harm, these external entities might try to do something about it.

Or at the very minimum, they'll try to contact him and tell him of his son's location. Brangara

was assured of this fact, a reason why he arrived at the Brimgan Empire first, without even planning to head to the Varahan Empire.

The Varahan Empire was strong, but if even with that much strength, something happened to

them, then it was their fault. He didn't have the patience to care about them for the time being. Or rather, that method of care wouldn't work.

His enemies would figure out one way or the other to harm them if they truly wanted. Hence,

the best course of action was to take advantage of the Third Major Disaster and destroy the Mystic Seven once and for all.

Offence was the best form of defence. Once he was rid of all threats, he could focus on whatever issues plagued his home. And the best insurance towards that was to devour Blola.

Unlike the rest of the Mystic Seven, Blola only had a single Nature, which meant he could be preyed upon by Voracious Cultivator. And as long as Brangara gains that power, nothing could truly harm him, whether on Sumatra, or even beyond it.

He hadn't targeted Blola until now because the Transcendent Eater was great at fleeing, able

to infinitely recover while on the run. So, the only option was to take advantage of the power of Sumatra Chronicles and wait until the Third Major Disaster began.

'Let's try another method.' The power of Internal Inertial Gravity coursed through her- Maroppa's-body as Yarsha Zahara waited patiently until the man stopped looking in her direction. The moment the chance arrived, she leapt back and dropped past the peak of the

Lotus Range.

With rhythmic steps, her figure arrived at the foot of the Lotus Range and paced away from

the Brimgan Empire. Faint ripples formed on the Brimgan Sea as Yarsha Zahara sprinted

across the water surface, with a disc-shaped Spirit Weapon flying overhead, dispersing darkness like a mist.

It absorbed the sounds of her sprint and the light emitted by her body as she used the power

of Prana Shock to blaze through the place.

Pulses of Prana thrust from her back as she broke through the sound barrier and moved at

supersonic speeds. However, the power of Sandy-Grey Void rapidly dampened and nullified the shockwaves, ensuring nothing leaked out of her Spirit Weapon range.

This allowed her to travel at her top speed while undetected. Soon, she arrived at a small hill

that was approximately 300 kilometres from the Brimgan Empire, watching as a Raid Team moved about on a route.

Their trucks numbered close to twenty; they were a mid-sized Raid Team, carrying the

carcasses of large Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. The carcasses were carefully placed in the trucks, optimally packed to fill up the space.

She surveyed the place, thinking, 'Do you feel any danger?'

[They are using Prana detection means to be on guard against Pranic Beast ambushes, but I'm

not sensing anything dangerous enough to detect you.]

'Good!' Yarsha Zahara nodded. She had arrived at the same conclusion, but just to be on the

safer side, she asked for Brangara's opinion. And since both confirmed through their respective means, she had nothing to worry about.

With a start, she leapt lithely, arced through the air, and landed on a truck. There was no

sound produced by the impact, as she shrunk and enveloped the effects of Sandy-Grey Void in her immediate vicinity-a radius of two metres around herself.

The moment her feet landed on the ceiling, the latter turned into grey sand, causing her figure

to sink inside. Her body landed upon the Silver Grade Pranic Beast carcass and melted through it, turning everything she touched into grey sand.

With a mild nudge of her legs, she landed on the stomach of a corpse and entered inside. Once

she had settled inside, all the grey sand reverted to its original state. The dripping grey sand defied physics, flowed up like a stream, and converged upon the open ceiling.

Once they filled the ceiling, the grey sand reverted into the original material forming the

ceiling. The same happened to the Silver Grade Pranic Beast corpse too. Now, Yarsha Zahara was safely hidden within the corpse's stomach.

Close to eight hours of travel later, the Raid Team arrived at the entrance of the Brimgan

Empire. The doors to the trucks flung open as a group of guards inspected the contents, checking to ensure nothing was amiss.

They simply used their Prana detection means and a general probing around the corpses. The

corpses would lose their value if they were to butcher it in the name of inspection, so that wasn't done.

They didn't check beyond it because all the trucks were locked using Spirit Weapons. So, it was impossible to infiltrate inside without damaging anything. And as nothing was damaged, they remained unaware of what Yarsha Zahara had done, especially since the temporary grey sand unleashed through her Secondary Nature of Grey Kinesis Deity left no traces.

'We're inside.' Yarsha Zahara thought as she relied on the air stored in her lungs-that had been transformed into a biome through the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

[Keep your wits about yourself. Things are just starting. The closer we get to the Capital, the

stricter the detection means.]

'I know,' Yarsha Zahara nodded slowly, 'I'm the one who understands the potency of these detection means the best. I have personally participated in their research forum.'

[That was so long ago. Whatever you've seen is merely scratching the surface.]

'Did I argue otherwise? Seriously, why are you so chatty? Just shut up and stay put for a few

minutes. Let me think!' Yarsha Zahara snapped at the end, 'What? You think I will dare be careless after what I suffered against Orakha?'



Chapter 799: Unlimited Predator

﻿

"A large batch of Silver Grade Pranic Beast carcasses have arrived. Get to work, everyone!" The supervisor shouted and gathered a batch of workers, "Grab your tools, hurry! We need to complete the dismantling work by morning! Otherwise, our rival company will steal our client!"

"Yes...!" One of the workers groaned as he condensed a long needle, accompanied three workers, and approached the closest corpse. He pierced the needle across the body, highlighting the spots where the fur was changing in terms of texture, strength, and inner muscular folds.

Once he had marked all the spots, the needle widened slightly and caused toxic gas-that had accumulated within the body-to leak out.

Another worker carrying a Spirit Weapon with a rotor inside activated it through psychokinesis and sucked in the toxic air. He compressed and stored it in a container, repeating the process.

The third worker had a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a pair of scissors that he controlled with practiced precision and carefully cut through the fur. The workers were veterans of the field, able to handle intense workloads.

The pay was also worth the effort, so even if they complained, none of them slacked off.

'We're inside.' Upon feeling faint vibrations, Yarsha Zahara poked in a faint hole and listened to the flurry of activity outside, 'It's a dismantling house. Good, they usually engage in nonstop work for at least half a day once they begin. That gives us the same amount of time to approach our target, gain the Minor Treasure, and make our escape.'

"Eww, it stinks! I need someone to clear out the intestines here!" One of the workers commented as another worker arrived with a set of tools necessary for the task and got to it immediately, "You're a lifesaver."

"Let's get it done with quickly." The worker spoke as he stored the intestines in a large container, "I'm going on a vacation in the morning. My wife's nagging me to go on a shopping spree."

"You're heading to Resnesk City, then." Another worker chimed in, "I heard a new batch of designer clothes have appeared. Even my son's going crazy about them."

"Let me tell you, the shops on the main road of Resnesk City sell overpriced designer clothes. I know a friend there who can give you the same clothes but at one-third the price." A worker carefully placing a pair of eyeballs into a container offered his advice, "I'll give you his contact information."

"One-third? You sure it's not counterfeit or made using cheap fabric?"

"Of course not. It'll be an embarrassment for me since I'm making a recommendation..."

As the team discussed while busy with work, the entire dismantling house turned pitch-black suddenly. "What is this?"

"Why is it so dark?"

"Those glowing stones must have been cheap knockoffs. I knew the boss scrumped on their purchase."

"Eh...? Why can't I see anything even though my Human Avatar is capable of emitting light?"

"Guys...? Is anyone here? I can't hear anything..."

The darkness was lifted a few seconds later as Yarsha Zahara crawled out of a Pranic Beast's stomach. All the Free Humans within the dismantling house had been turned into lumps of grey sand. The blood and whatever stomach substance that coated her turned into grey sand too and sprinkled onto the floor.

With a pristine appearance, she stepped onto the floor and walked away casually. The lumps of grey sand reverted to the Free Humans a few seconds later, their states pristine. However, they were no longer alive.

Yarsha Zahara melted through the wall and walked out as the wall recovered a few seconds later. Darkness expanded out to surround her immediate vicinity as she unleashed pulses of Prana to thrust herself in the direction of the Northern Lakes.

Landing within the water, she propelled herself with Prana Shock, her actions fully masked by the power of Sandy-Grey Void. The portions of the walls of each Northern Lake that she punctured through reverted to their original states in a matter of seconds.

Two hours later, she arrived at the closest Northern Lake to the Capital City. Upon surveying her surroundings, she walked out carefully. Soon, she had reached the Capital City, stopping at its entrance to frown, 'Are you sensing this?'

[Yeah! The land, the sky, and even the underground are fully monitored. We can't even drill our way through without being detected in a matter of seconds. There's too many Brimgan Royals here, and the ranges of most of them cover the entire city.]

'They'll easily detect Maroppa's identity, even if I change her appearance. Her state as a Pranic Beast cannot be hidden.' Yarsha Zahara thought for a few minutes as she silently observed the people heading in and out of the Capital City, 'The same as usual then. That's the only possible means to avoid detection.'

As she thought, Brangara spread the power of Voracious Cultivator through Maroppa's body, combusting the muscles to generate Prana. In a matter of seconds, Maroppa's body became incredibly thin, enough to be a bag of skin covering the skeleton.

Even walking proved to be difficult in such a state, but under the cover of the night, Yarsha Zahara approached the fattest man he could spot and leapt like a diver. She dove into his stomach, turning the contact area into grey sand.

Before the man could react, both Yarsha Zahara and Brangara surged their influence into his body and manipulated him according to their needs.

Maroppa's malnourished body could huddle within the man's stomach as under Brangara's

influence, he entered the Capital City without issues. Slowly, he drove his carriage towards the Brimgan Palace. And during the journey, Yarsha Zahara dove into the stomach of a maid who was en route to enter the palace.

The man blinked in confusion as Brangara's influence waned on him. Shaking his head, he grumbled due to the migraine he was experiencing and drove away.

In the meantime, the maid had entered the palace. She was fat enough that Maroppa's body could hide within easily, especially after Brangara consumed most of the maid's fat to make space for Maroppa, the same as he did to the fat man.

Knock! Knock!

Seated in one of the Palace rooms was Harla Brimgan, her brows creased as she inspected Orakha's condition, "No change, huh?"

Whenever Ruvva wanted to rest, Harla Brimgan took charge of taking care of Orakha, not because she cared about the latter, but because Ruvva cared about him. Moreover, Orakha was the reason behind the strengthening of the Golden Deity and Boul Brimgan entering the

Mystic Grade.

So, whenever she had time, she inspected his condition while looking out for a way to cure him, "Nothing's working."

'Even the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint hasn't resulted in any changes.' She sighed, her expression easing upon hearing the knocking sounds. The one outside was a familiar maid as Harla Brimgan transmitted her voice outside, "Keep it there."

"Yes, Grand Minister." The maid said and placed the tray-with tea and snacks-beside the door. However, instead of leaving like usual, she stretched her hand and grabbed the door handle. With a tug, she entered the room.

"..." Harla Brimgan was about to chide the maid when she wondered, 'No one in the Empire dares to disrespect even a descendant of the Royal Family, not to mention me.'

"Who are you?" Her expression turned solemn as she immediately intended to condense a Spirit Weapon-in her appearance-at the throne room to alert the various Ministers seated there. However, the stream of Prana that flashed out of her as a golden light dissipated.

The door closed shut as the body of the maid collapsed to the floor. Now, standing next to her body were the figures of Maroppa and Brangara.

"Maroppa?" Harla Brimgan uttered in shock before it dawned on her, "Yarsha Zahara!"

"Bingo!" Yarsha Zahara winked, "By the way, you shouldn't bother trying to communicate with others. That's futile."

She casually pointed at the wall, "Check what's covering it, won't you?"

Her senses spread around like a flash of lightning as Harla Brimgan realised she was unable to

look past the room. Something was blocking her senses, and as she focused, her face paled. She felt it, a thin layer of light covering it, the presence emanating from it was eerily familiar.

The pillar of light emitted by a Major Treasure!Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"W-What this?" She trembled, creeped out upon noticing that her body had begun to

dissolve, as if she was being digested. Her Spirit Weapon slammed into the duo before her, doing nothing.

The one that touched Yarsha Zahara crumbled into grey sand while the one touching Brangara

produced a resounding clang, failing to penetrate even his skin. No, it hadn't even touched his skin and hovered a couple millimetres away. "This is absurd!"

Her expression fell upon Brangara, realising that he was the cause behind whatever was

happening in the room, one where she felt absurdly weak, like bacteria being digested in a massive creature's stomach. "What did you do?"

"Scared?" Brangara's lips widened slowly into a sadistic glee, "What you're seeing is the

pinnacle representation of power, one that allows me to go toe-to-toe against

Transcendents."

Primary Nature, Secondary Nature, Tertiary Nature, Mystic Sumatra Art!

Brangara activated them all, resulting in a pillar of light erupting out of his body. However,

unlike the previous cases where it pierced the sky, it had simply dispersed in his Spirit Weapon range to erect a domain of his absolute authority.

"This... is what it means to truly be strong." He grunted once, in response to the presence of

which, Harla Brimgan lost her footing, collapsing in fear, unable to muster the slightest

ounce of resistance.

State of Unity-Unlimited Predator!

"Aack!" Harla Brimgan shrieked as her arm instantly turned into dust and was absorbed by

the layer of light covering the walls of the room. She glared in fear to see Brangara casually standing before her, leaning his face close to her.

"Try your best against me. Go on," He placed his hand on his stomach and ripped apart the

skin, revealing the stomach organ inside, "This is the core of my power. As long as you destroy it, you can cripple me."

"See this," He pointed at the uppermost part of his stomach, "Cut me right through this and

you can instantly sever my Astral World. It's my weakest part. I won't even attack you. So, go

ahead."

"Aaargh!"

His sadistic smile widened further upon hearing Harla Brimgan's rabid holler as ten Beyblades condensed behind her. Four of them fused into a singular whole and slammed into Brangara's stomach, erupting with the strongest power she could muster. However...

Clang!

There was a soft metallic sound before the Spirit Weapon created using four Minor Treasures

bounced off helplessly. And immediately in response, Harla Brimgan stared aghast as her legs vanished instantly.

"Hmm...That's enough for a trial run." Brangara muttered as he stared at his stomach. The skin regenerated instantly and covered the organ as he stared at Yarsha Zahara, "If even her Minor Treasure cannot scratch me, then I have nothing to worry about anymore."

"Go ahead and make her power yours." He said and walked past Yarsha Zahara.

"Alright," Followed by a grin, a serpentine entity jutted out of her body as Yarsha Zahara stared at Harla Brimgan with ravenous glee. And then, the serpentine entity lunged forward.



