Chapter 601 Who Are You?

﻿﻿Each side of the hexagon chamber spanned a length of 200 metres. The walls and ground seemed to be made out of a material resembling lava that had solidified, one through which water had precipitated through for millions of years to form crystalline structures.

The terrain was rugged and didn't seem anything too special. But the moment Inala kicked an outgrowth, he understood upon seeing his leg swell up. It was part of the Influenced Region, and hence, the material density resulted in its structural strength being on par with an Iron Transcendent.

He crouched before a stalactite and began to scratch it, intending to scrape some soil for testing later. His opponent stood afar and observed him in nervousness. Actually, Inala was more nervous than the latter but was just acting bizarrely to throw the latter's mental state out of sync.

Once his opponent is unnerved, Inala would gain the advantage. The reason he was using psychological tactics was simple. The Comb was neither sensing the presence of the competitors nor their strength.

It was judging based on a simple parameter—can the combatants kill each other? And it judged this based on the influence carried in the Prana of the Ravaged Tribesman.

Their Primary Nature would obviously accumulate influence on the cultivator, which would be felt on their Prana. The Major Treasure of Pet was able to create Nectar, a substance capable of affecting living beings, a characteristic exclusive to Minor Treasures. But as a Major Treasure, it achieved this through the Phells.

As its influence was able to reach the combatants, the Comb selected the combatants based on how the influence in their bodies reacted to external influence—from the Comb.

Based on this, it searched for combatants who seemed capable of killing each other, irrespective of their strength. Basically, what this meant for Inala was the fact that even if his opponent seemed weaker than him, his chances of killing Inala were the same as Inala killing him.

On paper, both were capable of equally killing each other. It was why Inala became nervous. His opponent probably had some sort of power capable of targeting Inala before he could grow in Grade.

Moreover, the Natures of all cultivators at the Ravaged Federation were complex due to the fusion between multiple Pranic Beast genes. As a result, every single Ravaged Tribesman was no different from a miniature Orakha.

The Gold Grade Ravaged Tribesmen who had been alive for more than a millennium like Pettenac might very well be just like Orakha, possessing a Compound Nature.

"Hehe, this is fun." Inala stared at his opponent, "Did you know that feeding this mineral to the Phell increases their body size? When we eat those Phells, we can experience a diluted effect of the Nectar."

"Something like that is possible?" Though he was on guard against Inala, hearing such a shocking statement made him lose focus for a moment.

"Seems that way," Inala nodded and pointed at a stalactite, "The green-edged ones can faintly amplify the strength of a Phell. All it does upon consumption is give us diarrhoea. The blue ones make us dizzy and suppress the effects of Nectar."

"The red ones are the good stuff," Inala said and pointed at a spot right behind the man, causing him to subconsciously turn in the direction when two strings of Prana jutted out of the ground and touched his feet, sucking his Lifespan rapidly.

"Argh!" The man bellowed in pain, almost losing consciousness. He activated his Ravaged Tribesman form, causing his body to bulk up in response. Scales covered his midriff, morphing into fur towards the limbs.

There was a chitin layer underneath the fur, providing tougher defence. The arms grew longer as the fingers transformed into claws. Toxin, acid, heat, corrosives, etc. a bunch of destructive substances condensed to form the claws.

Two large holes formed on the elbows, gushing out high-pressured mist capable of causing dizziness to anyone that were to inhale it. The legs elongated into a serpent. They didn't combine to form a single serpentine body, instead, there were two serpentine parts.

At the tails of each was a hoe, acting like a pair of scissors when combined. The head resembled a gator with the beak of a bird. The neck was that of an owl, capable of turning 360 degrees.

The creature was menacingly built, robust in appearance. The middle-aged man had consumed more than a hundred Ravaged Tribesmen and assimilated their genes in his body, resulting in his current Ravaged Tribe form.

Upon activating it, he was able to better endure the pain of losing Lifespan and turned around, glaring at Inala, "You tricked me, bastard!"

Primary Nature—Disorderly Nature!

Prana began to billow out of him like a broken dam, covering the entire chamber. They began to influence Inala, intending to turn the functions of his Primary Nature disorderly.

The middle-aged man, as a Ravaged Tribesman, was a mess. His existence would have been impossible without the Nectar. His Primary Nature exhibited that aspect of his existence precisely. All it did was unleash the effects of all his Pranic Beast genes at the same time, resulting in a power that could erratically influence the target and cause their Prana to go out of order.

The various influences would chaotically bombard the body, pushing, pulling, twisting, compressing, and expanding the target's Prana, bone, muscle, etc. This effect was able to nullify Inala's activation of Primary Nature.

Whenever the Primary Nature of his opponent was rendered useless, the middle-aged man would rely on his physical prowess to trample upon his target who was busy trying to heal his body from the internal chaos of organ failures, blood vessel ruptures, etc.

Disorderly Nature was a potently powerful ability, but wasn't something that could be controlled. Once activated, the entirety of the middle-aged man's Prana would radiate out of his body. He cannot stop it when he wants.

Moreover, this ability was incapable of differentiating friend from foe. Everyone in the range would be affected. It wasn't a power that could be used in the outside world. But here, in the Comb's hexagonal chambers, it was a terrifying power with guaranteed effectiveness due to the enclosed space.

As it slammed into Inala, the Biome Bomb layer covering him was rapidly getting destroyed, causing him to worry.After all, once his Quip Clansman presence emanates from within, the Comb would immediately send him to the Sanctuary.

That would absolutely mess up his plans. Hence, Inala had to finish the fight while holding back as much as possible. Thankfully, he had his means.

The Biome Bomb layer unleashed its Prana absorption power, absorbing the Prana within the effects of Disorderly Nature, as a result reducing its potency by a great extent. This allowed it to withstand the attack and mend itself using the Prana absorbed from the attack.

Moreover, two tendrils of Prana were absorbing the middle-

aged man's Lifespan. They were being funnelled into the recovery of this Biome bomb layer, overcoming the crisis immediately.

Mystic Royal Art—Tangible Piezo Slip!

[Sleep!]

Inala used his memories of sleeping to bombard the middle-

aged man, causing the memories to flood his mind. Years worth of sleeping data blasted forth into his mind, overwhelming him instantly, causing his eyelids to feel heavy.

The middle-aged man turned sluggish as a result, failing to rush towards Inala for close-quarters combat. The moment he lost the opportunity, there was a fluctuation of Prana from the opponent, jolting him to his senses.

He then stared in shock, observing the effects of his Primary Nature pausing in the air around him, failing to target Inala anymore. Instead, they formed clusters to hover peacefully as the Prana within flowed towards Inala. Once they were deprived of all Prana, the effects vanished.

"What…the fuck just happened?" The middle-aged man muttered in shock as he stared at Inala, feeling as if he was in the presence of a Deity. His entire surroundings felt like they were in his opponent's control.

"Ugh, this is a bit too powerful for my current form," Inala muttered as he wiped the stream of blood leaking out of his nose and used the absorbed Lifespan to heal his injury.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

As he focused, the limbs of the middle-aged man melted like candle wax and transformed into a container that imprisoned him. The effects of Tangible Piezo Slip Skill continued to force him into a state of sleep, making it damn hard for him to stay awake.

By the time he could gather his bearings, his Primary Nature deactivated, indicating that he had used up all his Prana. And now, he was unable to fight anymore, for his limbs had transformed into a container to lock him.

"Who…are you?" The middle-aged man bellowed in fear, "This isn't the level of power someone at the Silver Grade can possess!"

"Well, I do." Inala approached the bound target and judged that he had constricted the latter completely. He only left three days of lifespan for the target and began to extract data from him. "Thank you for your information."

"You're a monster!" The middle-aged man grunted. "Who the fuck are you?"

"I've never seen anyone like you before."



Chapter 602 Stealing Sanctuary’s Influence

﻿﻿"It seems the Comb judges the end of the battle based on the influence emanating from the combatants." Inala nodded as he observed the bound individual, "Since he's still alive, his body is resisting the influence of the Comb."

Inala closed his eyes and focused on the Prana flowing through his bloodstream, observing that the influence of his Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty on it was ever so slightly fluctuating. Currently, Inala was at a place that could be considered part of the Major Treasure of Pet's Influenced Region.

So, the Major Treasure's influence was mildly present in the air he inhaled. 'Can I gather this?'

Inala expanded a Biome Bomb—with a porous boundary—to its maximum size, causing it to encompass a good portion of the hexagon chamber. He activated his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination, intending to control his surroundings.

Unlike the Attributed Region where the compressed water was flowing at the speed of sound, the ground here was immobile. Therefore, he could condense his power at a spot in order to eventually control it.

Sweat dripped from his forehead as Inala sensed the presence emanating from the ground, intending to control it through his Secondary Nature. Everything encompassed by his Biome Bomb was under his perfect control. That was the essence of Perfect Biome Domination.

Inala casually threw a Biome Bomb to the side. Sprouting two strings of Prana to form legs, it crawled towards the bound middle-aged man, controlling him. From time to time, it would seep Lifespan into his body to ensure his condition didn't deteriorate.

Inala placed a portion of the middle-aged man's Lifespan in the Biome Bomb and imbued his will in it, allowing it to focus on keeping the individual alive. In the meantime, he focused on sensing the influence stemming from the Comb—which was basically an extension of the Sanctuary.

Influenced Regions had a major flaw, which was already depicted in Sumatra Chronicles. But there, it was never described to be a flaw but rather written in a way to highlight Resha's speciality as the Main Character.

The Keys given by the Major Treasure of Attribute were necessary to enter the respective Compartment in the Attributed Region. But the crazy thing about this was that it wasn't perfect.

The Keys were only necessary to pass through the gate. Once Inala entered it, he could easily bring out Empyrean Zingers from his stomach biome. The Attributed Region didn't have any mechanics to stop them.

The Key was only necessary to enter or exit a Compartment. That was the only functioning rule in the Attributed Region. The monoliths in every Compartment gave them a mission to do, which was to hunt the Attributed Creatures for resources and Keys.

But there was no power or existence to enforce the rules. A cultivator could simply sleep in a corner of the Compartment if he had the means to. Nothing was stopping him.

The various Empyrean Tusks had reached Layer 1. If they wanted, they could enter Layer 0 upon finding the respective Keys and then release all the Mammoth Clansmen in their biomes. Basically, even if they were to live in the Attributed Region, there was no one related to the Attributed Region capable of stopping them.

Similarly, Resha and the Boar King fought while the latter summoned Bolts of Transcendence nonstop. Using them, the Boar King passed through the gates without Keys. This was no different from trespassing the Attributed Region without following the rules. But the Boar King faced no consequence from the Attributed Region for doing so.

Rather, had he touched the Major Treasure of Attribute, he would have obtained it.

This highlighted a major flaw of these Influenced Regions. They had existing rules but if one could form a loophole to take advantage of it, they could do so without facing any consequences.

The existence of an Empyrean Tusk itself was a loophole for Influenced Regions. If Gannala were here, she could enter the Comb after obtaining a Key from a Phell. And when she enters, she'll be matched up against a Gold Grade Ravaged Tribesman who was capable of killing her.

But she could bring out a Millinger Body—in human form—from her biome and equip herself onto it, instantly changing the gameplay to absolutely destroy her opponent. The moment she equips herself onto a Millinger body, the condition with which the Comb matched the two is nulled.

However, nothing will change. The Comb will not change the matchup, since it didn't have the mechanism to do so once two individuals were placed in a hexagon chamber. Therefore, Gannala could take advantage of the place without consequences.

And if need be, she could even flood the place with Mammoth Clansmen from her Settlement, "That's a major flaw of this place."

"Right?" He said and stared at his two Mystic Grade Biome Bombs that weren't affected in the slightest once he entered the hexagon chamber. In them was the entirety of the Quip Clan.

In essence, Inala had entered this place with an army and was only considered as a single unit. Even the match-up was done accordingly. As he focused further, Inala was able to picturise the reasons.

The Biome Bomb layer covering him was merely a physical layer, similar to armour. There wasn't space being twisted inside. However, space was compressed heavily in the Mystic Grade Biome Bombs to keep them at thumb size.

Their true scale was as a sphere with a radius of 180 metres each. If both the Mystic Grade Biome Bombs were to revert to their original size, the space in the hexagon chamber would prove insufficient.

Thereby, it could be concluded from all examples that Influenced Regions weren't able to see through biomes, whether they be an Empyrean Tusk's or the Royal Zinger's.

'This could also be a result of Sumatra's power system.' Inala thought. During the time period when the cultivator—who resulted in the birth of the Major Treasure of Pet—lived, the power system of Sumatra was simpler as compared to today.

Empyrean Tusks didn't exist back then. So, there wasn't any information in the Bolts of Transcendence that formed the Major Treasure of Pet to ensure the rules operating its Influenced Region weren't countered by Empyrean Tusks.

The case was the same for the Brimgan Founder too, which ended up as the Major Treasure of Attribute. The entire setup he did for the Brimgan Empire in the past would be unnecessary in the current era.

After all, Empyrean Snappers exist in this era. Had they chanced upon the Lotus Range, they would have definitely made it their territory. After all, through Subtle Terrain Domination, the Empyrean Snappers would treat the dangerous reason as an endless free-for-all buffet of resources.

Moreover, had Gannala collaborated with the Cooter Clan to allow Empyrean Snappers to assume human form, the Attributed Region would have been dealt with instantly. After all, a bunch of people—Empyrean Snappers in human form—

could huddle before a gate and combine their usage of Subtle Terrain Domination.

The combined power of a couple dozen or more Empyrean Snappers was enough to carve a path through the gates. With a bit of time and preparation, they would have managed to deal with the Attributed Creatures systematically.

Moreover, they could even use the Attributed Region's ability to condense Attributed Creatures to selectively create Spirit Pools of their liking. A lot of things could be done.

This was just what Inala had thought of based on the information he knew. There could be Humans and Pranic Beasts with powers in other regions of Sumatra that could breach these Influenced Regions too.

Sumatra Continent had developed tremendously as compared to the past. And the more it develops, the greater the means through which these Influenced Regions could be taken advantage of without following the rules.

Inala wasn't even the first person to have this idea. Boul Brimgan had already infiltrated the Sanctuary by figuring out the means to infiltrate it and steal gains from it, through which he conceptualised his Kinesis Felines.

His mother, Harla Brimgan too managed to create the Secondary Nature of Minor Treasure. But her Minor Treasure was just an extension of her Spirit Weapon as a Minor Treasure. It wasn't as extraordinary as his Kinesis Felines.

It was why Inala was confident in taking advantage of this place, "The process is pretty stressful."

Though he complained, his eyes shone with excitement as he observed a minuscule cluster hover before him, barely reaching a size of one millimetre. Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala managed to perceive, interact, dominate, and gradually collect the presence oozed by the Comb in the hexagon chamber.

Empyrean Snappers too weren't a thing when the cultivator who became the Major Treasure of Pet lived. So, whether it was the Comb or the Sanctuary, they didn't have the means to guard against the power of Subtle Terrain Domination, and in extension, Inala's Perfect Biome Domination.

His head was hot though, for it was extremely difficult to focus on the presence and condense it. The moment he became happy, his focus lapsed, which caused the condensed presence to dissipate. "Phew!"

"It's hard," He collapsed on the floor, heaving ragged breaths as he absorbed Lifespan to heal the stress experienced by his brain. After eight hours of comfortable sleep, Inala got up and grinned, "Alright, since I'm able to do this at Silver Grade, it's time to make preparations."

After collecting enough Prana and Lifespan, Inala would return to the hexagon chamber and elevate himself to the Mystic Grade. Since he could already collect the influence at the Silver Grade, it would be child's play at his full strength.

"Next, I need to focus on this." He approached the middle-

aged man, "Is it possible to camp here even after consuming the Nectar?"

"Only one way to find out."



Chapter 603 Psychotic Experimentation

﻿﻿Inala spent his sweet time extracting everything of value from the middle-aged man. Standing in one of his Mystic Biome Bombs were a row of monoliths, littered with carvings. They were Piezo Slips.

The information he extracted from the middle-aged man was immediately carved onto the monoliths. And the ones processing that information were the Quip Zingers. All Inala did was read their surface thoughts to gain only the most important information.

This was to prevent his mind from being overloaded with useless information. As long as the Quip Clan lived in Biome Bombs in contact with him, Inala was able to read their minds.

The process was slower than from the time when he had the Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System, but the moment he elevates himself to Gold Grade, his speed of access would be on par with an Empyrean Tusk.

And as a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger, he'll be undeniably faster than an Empyrean Tusk.

It had been three days since he entered the hexagon chamber. Inala didn't wish to stay here for too much time, for that might make Pettenac suspicious about him. He had plentiful gains for his first visit.

With a punch, he shattered the middle-aged man's skull, killing him. The Comb considered him the victor and began to condense Nectar in the chamber.

This condensation process took close to ten minutes, which was the time available for the victor to consume the corpse of the loser. If they didn't intend to, they could simply remain idle until the Nectar condenses.

And once the Nectar condenses, it would hover in the centre of the hexagon chamber, giving a window of a minute for the victor to consume it. If the victor fails to consume it, the Nectar would dissipate into influence and be absorbed back into the Comb.

Moreover, the filament of air acting as the ceiling would vanish, causing the tunnel connecting to it to unleash a powerful pulling force. This would be a force of gravity, causing an inversion of gravity within the hexagon chamber.

The victor would no longer be able to stand on the ground, for the gravity had now been inversed. They'll be pulled into the tunnel. If they wished to remain in the chamber, they'd have to hold onto a stalactite and hang from there.

But over time, their arms would grow tired, eventually causing them to slip into the tunnel, following which they would be transported to the surface. The filament of air contained the Comb's presence. Once the victor passes through it, the Key in his body vanishes, preventing him from trying to enter the hexagon chamber through any means.

When the Key vanishes, the filament of air would cut off the gravity in the tunnel from the chamber, causing the hexagon chamber's gravity to return to normalcy. "That's where I strike."

Inala waited patiently as he observed the droplet of Nectar forming before him. Obviously, he was using his Secondary Nature to the limit, keeping his senses pried on what the Comb was doing to condense this droplet.

'It's storing this Nectar somewhere in the Sanctuary and is squeezing it through the pores of these walls in gaseous form.' He judged as he observed.

Somewhere in the Comb, there existed hexagon chambers where Phells could freely enter and exit. There, they absorb the influence, grow to their peak and die, causing the Comb to absorb their flesh and blood, which it refines into the Nectar.

'Would I be able to cause more droplets to appear here if I bring out people from my Biome Bombs and kill them here?' Inala thought, intending to experiment with it next. 'Oh, maybe just killing people won't be sufficient. They should have a Key in their body. That's probably the beacon that the Comb uses to sense the presence and influence of the combatants.'

The Nectar finished condensing. It was a yellowish-white droplet with shades of swirling black in the centre. Inala wrapped his Biome Bomb around it and used Subtle Terrain Domination, hurrying as he made a mental count of the time.

"Done!" He grinned upon succeeding in fully dominating the droplet of Nectar, now able to control it as he pleased. He held the Biome Bomb—in miniature form—and jumped once the time was up, being pulled into the tunnel.

Two tendrils of Prana ejected out of his body and latched onto the walls of the tunnel, keeping him hovering right beyond the filament of air. Once he passed through it, Inala could feel the Key vanishing from his body, "That's surprising."

Since he had layered a Biome Bomb on his body, Inala was able to sense everything that happened in his body, including sensing the Key. The Key acted like a Minor Treasure and fused with his skeleton.

The moment he passed through the filament of air, the Key dissipated out of his body like influence. It did resemble the influence being generated by the Comb. "A few more times, and I might get a hang of it."

He increased the power of psychokinesis in the two strings of Prana and kept his body tethered at the end of the tunnel, not falling further. His face was positioned right before the filament of air, allowing him to observe the hexagon chamber.

The corpse of the middle-aged man was still there. It didn't fall into the tunnel. Moreover, hovering next to it was a Biome Bomb Inala had left behind purposefully. "Indeed, the Keys are the beacons through which the Comb's effects can target the combatants."

The supposed gravitational pull a minute after the Nectar appears can only be felt by the victor. The loser would remain on the ground. It was the same with Inala.

By leaving the Biome Bomb next to the corpse of the middle-

aged man, Inala confirmed his hypothesis that the gravitational pull from the tunnel was unleashed on him by targeting the Key that had fused with his skeleton.

The corpse of the middle-aged man wasn't targeted by the tunnel's gravity. And the same was true for the Biome Bomb next to him. As there wasn't a Key in it, it wasn't targeted.

As Inala observed the scene, his eyes widened in fascination, observing no changes in the hexagon chamber, but both the corpse of the middle-aged man and the Biome Bomb next to him began dissolving, breaking down at the elemental level.

'Is it using some sort of gas to achieve this?' Inala thought and unleashed Perfect Biome Domination. However, the Biome Bomb he released failed to pass through the filament of air, feeling resistance. 'My Silver Grade strength seems lacking.'

A moment's thought later, Inala absorbed the necessary Prana and Lifespan from his Mystic Biome Bomb to become a Beginner Gold Grade Royal Zinger, strengthening his two Natures. But upon noticing the filament of air fail to budge even now, he sighed and stopped trying to sense the proceedings within the hexagon chamber, 'It might be difficult even when I'm at the Mystic Grade.'

He didn't wish to waste so much resources at this point in time, 'This is just my first attempt. I'll inspect what's happening inside once I'm prepared enough. I'll be visiting here frequently from now on anyway.'

He stared at his Biome Bomb that had encased the droplet of Nectar inside. There were no changes to its composition, even after he passed through the filament of air. After all, through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala was able to fully control it.

So, the rules established by the Comb failed to dissipate it, since Inala cut off the influence through which it achieved it until now.

"I'll figure this place out fully." Inala muttered as he retracted the two strings of Prana and began to free fall through the tunnel, 'So, this is the Brimgan Founder's way of doing things.'

"Truly terrifying," He muttered, "If someone like that were born in the current Brimgan Empire, he would have easily surpassed his past accomplishments."

In a mere three days, Inala managed to figure out information that was on par with the Ravaged Federation or possibly even exceeded them. He planned to experiment to the extreme until he figured out the entirety of the mechanism behind the workings of the Comb, and by extension, the Sanctuary itself.

An absolute mad researcher! That was the Brimgan Founder. And by possessing his data, Inala was able to emulate him to a great extent. After all, the Major Treasure of Attribute was in the shape of a brain, which had fused with Inala's before merging into his genetic information through the Bolts of Transcendence.

"The route is different this time." He muttered upon observing the minor changes in the texture of the tunnel walls transporting him to the surface, "It seems I've switched lanes without knowing."

He hadn't done anything, but the cause was the Comb. Similar to how trains were switched to different tracks to ensure a seamless traffic flow, the Comb also switched the people through the tunnels while transporting them to the surface.

Based on the data, the middle-aged man was from another city. So, the tunnels were no different from a maze with moving walls. It's how two people from different cities were brought to the same hexagon chamber.

'I don't have the Key now. So, how is it detecting my position to make the changes…?' Inala observed for a couple of hours before laughing aloud upon noticing another individual in his tunnel, positioned a kilometre away, "Hahahaha! It doesn't sense anything!"

"The descent is time-based! The calculation is done through the simplest kinematic equation."

Since Inala spent some time latched to the end of the tunnel, his position was different as compared to if he had fallen into the tunnel at the very beginning. So, as the tunnels were changed during his descent, he ended up in another individual's route.

At present, the section of the tunnel that he was supposed to be at—had he followed things as usual—was empty, 'This means I'll probably arrive at some other City.'

Inala stared at the individual falling before him while noticing the layer of protection—to guard against air resistance—

granted to him by his Key had dissipated, 'I'm currently travelling through the descent route meant for him. Since this protection vanished, it implies that if I followed the arrangements obediently, I would have reached the surface at Myore City by now.'

"Welp, it is what it is." He said and targeted the individual before him.



Chapter 604 Biome Lattice

﻿﻿An object engaging in free fall from a state of rest accelerates due to gravity. The simplest of kinematic equations was capable of calculating the distance the object would fall through for every interval in time.

The reason was simple. After a certain duration, the object attains terminal velocity. Basically, after this point, its speed of descent remains unchanged. So, those entering and exiting the Comb travelled through the tunnels at terminal velocity.

The immunity coating against air resistance given to the Ravaged Tribesmen existed for as long as they had a Key. For those exiting, even after the Key vanishes from their body, its residue effects remain.

This residue would protect them during their fall. And the amount was calculated to be enough until they reached the surface. Whether it was the tunnel route or the coating, all functioned based on a calculation preprogrammed in the Comb.

A small clearance amount was factored into the calculation for any inconsistencies. For a Ravaged Tribesman who had finished consuming the Nectar, there was a window of time within which he could enter his tunnel and safely reach his destination.

It probably ranged around a couple dozen seconds. But as Inala spent more than that at the edge of the tunnel, he missed the window to return to Myore City. As a result, he now barged into the path traversed by another.

'It's similar to train compartments. Each compartment is meant for an individual. And there's typically some gap between two compartments to ensure two people don't see each other.' Inala thought, 'Only then will everyone continue to think that they are falling down a straight tunnel and not through a winding path that is rapidly changing every few seconds.'

Because of his actions, Inala's compartment was alarmingly close to the compartment of the guy before him. If there weren't any changes, both would be reaching the same destination. But that would be troublesome to Inala.

'I don't want to get into a conflict or any compromising situation this early in the picture.' Sighing at the thought, he condensed a Biome Bomb and aimed, focusing on the guy falling before him.

Though he was only in human form, Inala was currently a Beginner Gold Grade Royal Zinger, so his physical might was significantly stronger than his base self. He hurled the Biome Bomb, ambushing the target.

"What the…?" The targeted man only noticed what was happening after the Biome Bomb slammed into him, the impact alone almost killing him. To avoid pulverising his body, Inala held back on the throw.

Anyhow, once the Biome Bomb slammed into the target and began to absorb his Prana and Lifespan, the sheer pain combined with the impact and knocked him unconscious.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Inala caused one of his Mystic Biome Bombs to reveal its actual weight, resulting in his body falling faster. He stopped it after a few seconds upon reaching the targeted man. The latter had lost all Prana by now.

Inala casually ripped apart the man's skin, ears, eyes, the nasal cavity and the buccal cavity. Immediately after that, he healed him, stripped him of his clothes and enveloped him with the Gold Biome Bomb he had just created.

He removed all his Biome Bombs hung on his hip and attached them to the clothes that he had stripped from the man. Following that, he entered the Gold Biome Bomb too. Right after that, the space within compressed, creating a biome inside that was spherical in shape with a radius of 180 metres.

It absorbed some Prana from one of the Mystic Biome Bombs and created air for Inala and the man to breathe. In the outside world, the Gold Biome Bomb was thumb-sized. Four tendrils of Prana jutted out of it and grabbed onto the skin and other organs extracted from the man.

Like filling up a balloon, the tendrils of Prana propped them up, following which the thumb-sized Gold Biome Bomb appeared in its centre, gradually expanding in size.

Through his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination, Inala morphed its shape from a sphere to one resembling the man perfectly. The man's peeled skin latched perfectly on this Biome Bomb, now making him seem no different from the original.

The eyes appeared in the eye socket while the ears were stuck to their respective spot. The nasal and buccal cavity too took their respective spots while Inala modified the Gold Biome Bomb's shape accordingly.

The end of the throat funnelled into a hole that opened in the Gold Biome Bomb, through which Inala could generate sound mimicking the man's voice. The ear canal fed into a hole in the Biome Bomb to carry soundwaves until they reached Inala.

He then positioned himself at a spot right behind the eye, peeking through a hole in the eye which was like glass. From his perspective, the hole was massive, but from the outside, it was smaller than a pinhole.

This perspective difference allowed Inala to hide an army within a single individual from the perspective of others. With that, he created a puppet that was an exact replica of the man, one that Inala could freely control as he pleased.

The Gold Biome Bomb had enough of the man's Prana and Lifespan to perfectly encapsulate his presence. Moreover, the man was beside Inala. Any information he wanted could readily be extracted from the man.

So, even without knowing anything about the man, Inala could readily make a response in real time. Any sounds echoing through the puppet's ear canal could be turned into Zinger Shrieks through Perfect Biome Domination.

When these Zinger Shrieks land on the man's skin, relevant information would echo out from him, which Inala could use to take action. Or rather, he didn't need to take action personally. The will he had imbued in the Gold Biome Bomb was enough to do all these on its own.

He could just chill inside and replenish the expended will from time to time. As he began to manually construct the puppet, the related information conceptualised in his mind, causing Mystic Royal Art to activate, "So this is the new version, one suitable for the Royal Zinger."

Mystic Royal Art—Puppetry!

It was the new Puppetry Skill that he had developed, one that could only be activated through the combined usage of his Primary and Secondary Natures alongside Mystic Royal Art. At present, only he could use it, but Inala had enough ideas to modify it to be suitable for all Gold Grade Zinger variants.

The puppet now behaved as the man and continued to fall, soon reaching the surface. Upon arriving at the underground room, the puppet headed up the flight of stairs and entered the room on the ground floor, staring at the eleven Transcendent Statues.

It paused for a moment before the eleventh statue before nonchalantly exiting the City Lord's house, walking through the streets like nothing was amiss. The puppet conversed with a few people along the way and naturally headed to the ocean, following which, the man never appeared in the city.

"These puppets will prove to be useful for a variety of causes," Inala muttered as he floated on the surface of the ocean thirty kilometres away from land.

For his upcoming experiments, Inala was curious about two things. First, if he kills a group of people in a hexagon chamber, after equipping them all with a Key each, will he get an equal amount of Nectar?

Secondly, how long would he have to draw in presence from the Comb to condense a drop of Nectar?

While thinking about them, Inala extended four strings of Prana from his body, causing them all to latch onto a Phell each and suck their Prana and Lifespan. He began to amass energy in a large amount, using it to build a terrain in his Gold Biome Bomb.

At his Prana reserve as a Beginner Gold Grade Royal Zinger, Inala could safely create four Gold Biome Bombs. Once he starts condensing his fifth, he'd have used up the Prana values of his Beginner Gold Grade form and would return to his base state.

He wasn't condensing Prana and Lifespan to form a landscape in the Gold Biome Bombs. They weren't necessary for his upcoming plans. Having a landscape in one Gold Biome Bomb would be enough for his emergency needs.

In the rest, he was trying to condense a Bolt of Transcendence. "Time to test the amount necessary to condense the weakest Bolt of Transcendence."

With that thought in mind, Inala continued to spam Gold Biome Bombs. Using four tendrils of Prana, they gathered Prana and Lifespan from the Phells, hunting on their own. From time to time, Inala replenished his Prana reserves in them, using which they could act with his mind.

Once he reverted to Silver Grade, Inala absorbed Prana and Lifespan from a Gold Biome Bomb and elevated himself to Beginner Gold Grade, repeating the process. He gradually began to head deeper into the ocean, away from all Ravaged Federation activity.

Soon, he located a region with no Ravaged Tribesman activity but was dense with Phell activity. They acted like schools of fish and moved around in clusters. The Gold Biome Bombs became active here.

As the days passed, the number of Gold Biome Bombs increased in number. Each Gold Biome Bomb was spherical in shape, occupying a metre in radius. Tendrils of Prana jutted out of them in four directions, with each reaching a length of 179 metres, which was their maximum length.

At the end of their length, the ends of a string of Prana met with another end, making a connection. This string originated from another Gold Biome Bomb. A net was being created here, three-dimensional in nature.

Hundreds of Gold Biome Bombs filled the water, with each positioned 358 metres from the other, positioned similar to the lattice structure formed by carbon atoms. As Inala replicated the same, he called this formation 'The Biome Lattice.'



Chapter 605 Phell Nuke

﻿﻿Inala spent the next eight months building the Biome Lattice, a three-dimensional net consisting of Gold Biome Bombs that were all connected.

Biome Bombs were able to absorb and transmit Prana/Lifespan. So basically, as long as Inala touches anywhere on this network either physically or through a string of Prana, he was able to absorb all the Prana and Lifeforce accumulated through the entire network.

He was building this for two reasons. First was obviously to accumulate enough Prana and Lifespan to elevate himself to Mystic Grade multiple times, without having to worry about his expenditure. Second was to gather Keys, a ginormous amount of them.

The Biome Lattice was massive, peeking out of the ocean floor in the shape of a dome, stretching for three kilometres in height and spreading out close to forty kilometres.

A Gold Biome Bomb was able to condense four strings of Prana. As all four strings were used to form the network, the Biome Lattice was a passive structure, unable to actively reach out for the Phells. But that wasn't necessary here.

Rather, there was a simpler method to target them. After all, the goal was for their bodies to make contact with the network. Anywhere would do.

The Biome Lattice was solid, closely resembling a diamond in the way the Gold Biome Bombs were packed. So, its structural strength was robust enough to endure a powerful shock, which would happen next.

The Phells were small and there was more than enough free space in the Biome Lattice for them to move freely without coming into contact with the strings of Prana. Some of them came in contact from time to time and died horrible deaths.

The Phells in the vicinity instinctively avoided the strings upon knowing the ill fate of their brethren. So, Inala hadn't gotten anything of value from the Biome Lattice. Instead, the operation costs alone bankrupted him.

'This will change now.' Thinking as such, he placed a thumb-sized Biome Bomb in the centre of the Biome Lattice and hurriedly fled the place.

A few minutes later, the Biome Bomb combusted itself to unleash the presence of a Gold Grade Royal Zinger. The Pranic Beast's presence instantly triggered the Phells into a state of aggression.

There was less than a moment of stillness after the presence release, following which millions of Phells swarmed the region within the Biome Lattice, crowding the place. And obviously, in their aggressiveness, their scale of activity was intense, causing a large number of Phells to come into contact with the strings of Prana.

'First test is a success!' Inala stood at a spot ten kilometres away from the Biome Lattice. Trailing before him was a line created by a series of Gold Biome Bombs connecting each other through Prana strings.

The moment he touches it, he could use this channel to draw in all the Prana and Lifespan gathered by the Biome Lattice. This way, Inala could gather energy without having to risk his life.

'Perfect!' He thought upon absorbing a large volume of Prana and Lifespan, soon feeling difficulties because the influx surpassed the network's transmission capabilities. 'Even this is potent enough.'

The entire Biome Lattice was capable of releasing the Royal Zinger presence. If that happened, maybe all the Phells in a couple hundred-kilometre radius would be lured in. That would destroy the structure itself, which is why he didn't plan on releasing the presence through the Biome Lattice.

Instead, he would send Biome Bombs to the centre of the Biome Lattice from time to time and make them release the Royal Zinger's presence at the Gold Grade. This way, only that Biome Bomb would be destroyed by the Phells.

Otherwise, if enough of them were to detonate in a concentrated spot at the same time, the resulting explosion would be no different from a nuke…

"Right!" Inala felt a maddened urge to bellow in laughter, 'Indeed, I can peacefully store the Phells in a Biome Bomb. And when necessary, I'll make it emit my presence, which would instantly cause them to explode.'

Phells explode the moment the needle on their front stabs their target. Since the entire Biome Bomb was emanating his presence, then simply remaining in the water with the same presence was no different from poking into the enemy, which would result in their explosion.

Unlike the Gravity Bombs that Inala used before, the resultant of this explosion would spill out spores of the Phells, which would cause them to begin growing soon enough, destroying the ecosystem along the way.

In essence, it destroyed all life in the detonated region, similar to a nuke, making it a terrifying weapon. 'I can use them to destroy all water bodies of the Varahan Enclave overnight.'

Inala gradually elevated his strength by absorbing Prana and Lifespan, soon reaching Mystic Grade statue, 'Finally, I've reached this point once again.'

At the Gold Grade, Inala was able to absorb 20 units of Prana per second and two years of Lifespan per second. As the entire Biome Lattice was constructed out of Gold Biome Bombs, the flow rate through the strings of Prana was 20 units of Prana per second.

As he created them while as a male, the Biome Lattice specialised in absorbing Prana, having little efficiency for Lifespan. Currently, Inala didn't have much use for Lifespan other than to elevate his Royal Zinger's Grades, so it wasn't a priority.

A steady amount of Lifespan was also being gathered by the Biome Lattice, so he had no worries in that regard. Now that he had reached the Mystic Grade, Inala was able to absorb 40 units of Prana per second.

Moreover, he could absorb that amount from eight different streams, capable of condensing eight strings of Prana now. Obviously, since his consumption capability had increased, Inala had created fifteen more lines, totalling sixteen lines stretching from the Biome Lattice.

Each of his strings of Prana absorbed Prana from two lines. As he absorbed them nonstop from eight strings of Prana, the amount of Prana coursing through his Spirit Container was significant. Every second, he was absorbing 320 units of Prana.

This was a tremendous number. After all, a Bludder unleashed its Eddy Blade by consuming 300 units of Prana. If Inala had the means, he could spam an Eddy Blade every second. The sheer amount he was gaining was bonkers, especially since it was Gold Grade Prana.

Moreover, this supply would never diminish. The Biome Lattice currently held Prana in the millions from this one action. Only when their reserves drop below a certain level would Inala draw in another batch of Phells.

All these were just insignificant in the face of the true scariness of these eight months of work that Inala had done. He was absorbing 320 units of Prana every second.

When the Spirit Container of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast generates ten million units of Prana, a piece of Sumatra Gold finishes forming on its heart. "…Damn!"

Inala focused on his heart and could observe a shiny piece forming already, sporting stripes of red and black amidst an overall golden hue. In real-time, its size was increasing. Inala made a short calculation and arrived at a stunning result.

Two Years!

That's how long it would take him to finish condensing a piece of Sumatra Gold. Actually, it was 651 days. But even when approximated, it was a mere two years. That was absurd to the extreme, which was what Inala was facing now.

Honestly, the moment he made the calculation, Inala wanted nothing more than to kidnap Yarsha Zahara, brainwash her, and make her his subordinate. He could easily produce enough Sumatra Gold for her to reach the peak of the Body Stage.

If not for her, Inala would have to search for a Free Human talented enough to fuse Sumatra Gold into their Human Avatar. Inala hadn't seen such an existence apart from Yarsha Zahara, so it was impossible to discover such a talent and grow them from scratch.

But that was just a secondary thought. With enough Sumatra Gold, Inala could dare plan for concepts inconceivable to anyone other than the Royal Zinger.

He could produce a piece of Sumatra Gold in two years. His Biome Bombs from Gold Grade and above could create both grey sand and the Bolt of Transcendence. The Nectar was a substance capable of elevating the genes of a Ravaged Tribesman and Clansman.

'I think I can think of a direction for my progression through the Life Stage.' Inala grinned. Thanks to Mystic Royal Art, Inala could condense bodies for his progression through the Life Stage. But, that would only work when he remains in his base state.

The moment he tries to elevate his Grade, the stack will implode, resulting in his death. So, instead of wasting his Tertiary Nature on a dynamic version of the Nature of Cultivator, Inala could instead use a Minor Treasure to achieve a stabilisation effect.

As long as his bodies elevate in grade alongside him without causing an implosion, his goal would be achieved. 'I can constantly condense and kill a second body. Then, if I were to use Nectar to stockpile my genes and stabilise it through Sumatra Gold, can I eventually achieve an effect similar to my base state reaching the 10-Life Stage?'

"I can work on this next!" Inala laughed, "Man, I am brimming with ideas!"



Chapter 606 Condensing a Bolt of Transcendence

﻿﻿It was a thumb-sized crystal with a metallic texture, sporting orange and black stripes amidst a golden hue. There was a soft glisten to it, capable of causing the colour of the stripes to vary based on the viewing angle.

Royal Zinger—Sumatra gold!

This was the piece of Sumatra Gold that had begun to form on Inala's heart, akin to a wart. As he observed it, he continued to absorb Prana nonstop. It would take him two years to finish condensing it fully. Until then, he had other things to do.

First of all, the Biome Lattice was steadily gathering Prana. Inala only had to lure the Phells once a month for his needs. He didn't go overboard for a few reasons.

If he overhunted the Phells, their population might be affected in the long run. This was easily possible if he were to continue drawing in them using a Royal Zinger's presence.

When all the Phells in this region die, the Phells from the surrounding region would fill in, son on, and so forth. Eventually, the Ravaged Federation might notice something is amiss and send people to investigate.

That would lead to a series of inconveniences, so Inala limited himself to farming Prana only for his needs and not becoming overly greedy.

Moreover, if he amassed too many Keys, it would cause issues for the cities closest to his location. So, if Inala wanted to maintain his base long-term, he had to keep a tab on everything so that his actions wouldn't be revealed to others.

Thankfully, the population of the Phells numbered in the hundreds of billions. Inala's current plans weren't at a level where they could put a dent in this number.

Moreover, at the end of the various exit streams, such as the Abyss Fall in the Dralh Sea, the Phells were constantly targeting other living beings to explode and release spores. A good portion of these spores were sucked back to the planet.

The spores that had germinated by absorbing the blood of other creatures would begin to grow by consuming the minerals dissolved in the water and reach maturity in eight months.

Similar to the exit streams, there were plenty of influx streams, which fed in water containing various minerals into the planet's ocean. This cycle between the influx and exit streams maintained the ecosystem of the planet and allowed it to sustain the severe mineral consumption by the Phells.

Inala condensed a Mystic Biome Bomb and poured all the absorbed Prana into it, focusing on condensing a Bolt of Transcendence. Not only was it the most compact way he could store Prana in a Biome Bomb, but it was also the means through which Inala could create Minor Treasures, which was what he wanted to do.

Whether it be to create Minor Treasures or for Wittral's evolution, Bolts of Transcendence were a necessity. They also became his strongest offensive means, capable of destroying pretty much all existences with a single bolt.

As he began to condense a spark in his Biome Bomb, Inala calculated the costs based on his Mystic Grade Prana. To condense the smallest bolt required 8400 Prana from his Mystic Grade Royal Zinger.

Anything less than this and the generated sparks were merely lightning. They didn't have the characteristics of a Bolt of Transcendence. And to fully condense a Bolt of Transcendence—that slammed into 10-Life Stage cultivators intending to enter the Transcendence Stage—required two million units of Prana.

With his current absorption rate, Inala required a bit more than four months to condense a single powerful Bolt of Transcendence. Four months was a long time indeed, but for condensing a Bolt of Transcendence, it might as well be an instant.

After all, prior to becoming the Royal Zinger, Inala made preparations for 13 years to draw in a Bolt of Transcendence. And now, he could casually create one in 130 days, a bit over four months.

Best of all, he was condensing it through his Prana. Therefore, it was completely under the control of his Secondary Nature, allowing Inala to do whatever he wanted with it. All it did to move it was a thought from him.

Of course, to seamlessly manipulate it without experiencing a mental explosion, Inala would have to be at the Mystic Grade. Only then was his mind robust enough to handle the strain of controlling a Bolt of Transcendence.

Inala only planned to use this to attack Brangara. In that instance, he would anyhow be at the Mystic Grade. Until then, his Biome Bomb would merely store the Bolts of Transcendence, treating them as a massive reservoir of Prana.

As it was a devastatingly destructive energy, it was wise to store only one Bolt of Transcendence in a Biome Bomb. Technically, Inala could store more, but the bolts might interact with each other to wreak havoc.

They were like lightning, sparkling nonstop. So, even if they were under his control, a single moment of carelessness from his side and the bolts might interact with each other to spark out of the Biome Bomb.

Hence, for safety reasons, storing one Bolt of Transcendence per Biome Bomb was the best. Inala was more than content with that result. After all, it implied that every such Biome Bomb carried two million units of Prana.

With a few such Biome Bombs slung at his hips, Inala would never run out of Prana during a battle.

Only at this ocean filled with Phells was Inala able to stably accumulate such an incomprehensible amount. While he continued to condense Prana to form a Bolt of Transcendence, Inala began his other arrangements.

At a spot on the ocean a kilometre from the shore, four people paddled a fishing boat. Two of them threw a fishing net and hurled a school of Phells. They were gathering the Phells for their needs, for both food consumption and Keys to enter the Comb.

"Any luck?" One of them asked after pouring all the captured Phells onto the deck, flooding it.

"A little." The remaining two people on the deck swiftly cut open the bellies of the Phells one after another, taking care to not come into contact with it. The moment they detected an ivory object within, they carefully placed the Phell in a box nearby.

These Phells had Keys. And in the box, there were only two such Phells. "Our harvest is bad this time."

"Only two Keys?" The duo that were fishing for Phells frowned at the news. They glanced around, observing plenty of similar fishing boats roaming around, also gathering Phells. Some had bad luck and barely got any Keys while others had a windfall.

One of them spotted a fishing boat with a box filled with Phells. It means that they had obtained at least thirty Keys. "Those guys lucked out tremendously."

"Do we fish at their location?" The man slicing the bellies of the Phells on the deck asked.

"It's dangerous. The last thing we need is a conflict." The man holding the fishing net said and sighed as he stared at the lucky group. "Let's continue to fish. I refuse to believe our luck is this crappy…"

He stopped speaking and turned back in a hurry upon failing to hear the sounds of Phell's bellies being sliced open. "Where are they?"

"How did they vanish?" The other man holding the fishing net too noticed that something was amiss and turned around, failing to see the two people on the deck, "What the heck happened? Is this…a prank?"

The duo observed the evident expressions of fear on the faces of each other, deciding to flee when suddenly, over a dozen strings of Prana jutted out of the water and coiled around their bodies. It happened so fast that they were unable to react.

As the strings of Prana coiled around their mouths first, they couldn't elicit any sounds. As Prana was sucked from their bodies through at least a couple dozen strings, the severe pain knocked them unconscious.

There wasn't even a ripple in the water as their bodies were pulled inside. It was because the region of water in a hundred metres vicinity of the fishing boat was already enveloped by a Biome Bomb, controlling the water through Perfect Biome Domination to ensure no sound was generated through the capture.

All four Ravaged Tribesmen were captured in a matter of seconds. And exactly a minute later, the four Ravaged Tribesmen jumped on the fishing boat. There didn't seem to be any difference in their being from before, but in truth, they were puppets.

Each puppet was a Biome Bomb that carried the body of the respective individual in the centre. This way, it could behave as the original without issues.

Deep underwater, Gold Biome Bombs floated around slowly, having shaped themselves as jellyfish. The strings of Prana behaved as the tentacles while the Biome Bomb morphed its shape to form the umbrella-type head structure of the jellyfish.

This form was chosen because it seemed the most energy-

efficient. Imitating nature was the best in terms of efficiency, for evolution occurred to optimise a being's design by following the rule of survival of the fittest.

As the jellyfish moved across the ocean, a group stealthily approached a fishing boat and targeted the people on it. By swallowing a captured Ravaged Tribesman, the Gold Biome Bomb transformed into a puppet that was an exact replica of the individual.

Once everyone on the fishing boat had been captured, the respective puppets took the place of the original. In this way, the population on the ocean was steadily getting replaced by their puppet counterpart.

By the end of the morning fishing session, the group that had set out to the ocean had been entirely replaced by puppets. And these puppets returned to their homes in the City to go about with their usual lives, waiting for Inala's command.

The person in question was still near the Biome Lattice, continuing to gather Prana while giving orders to an army of Gold Biome Bombs in his vicinity.



Chapter 607 Hoarding Keys and Nectar

﻿﻿"How was today's hunt?" A woman asked a man once he entered their home.

"It went great," The man replied, "I received a share of 6 Keys. It should last us for a while."

"I'm glad to have chosen you." The woman smiled contently as she patted her belly, "Our child will inherit our genes with a better working ratio."

The duo had interesting Primary Natures with a complex physical build. And upon taking an interest in the genes of each other, they decided to have a progeny. Once the decision was made, they began to live together.

According to their culture, they'll live together for two years after the baby was birthed. After that, the mother and father would return to their respective houses and focus on looking for another suitable mate.

The child would live in the house of either parent depending on their choice or alternate a few days between each house. Once the child becomes old enough to enter the Comb, they'd move out to a home of their own.

If they succeed in their first battle, they would return in triumph and select a mate, trying to leave behind a progeny.

The children identified themselves based on their birth parents, having a few dozen step-siblings at the very least. As for siblings, it was a rare occasion. Siblings appeared only when twins were birthed.

Typically, a couple separated after birthing a child. Due to the effects of Nectar, the child would inherit the most successful combination of the genes of its parent. Hence, having a second child was unnecessary.

They could instead create new combinations with other people, which is how the thought process of the Ravaged Tribesmen in the Ravaged Federation churned.

The man and the pregnant woman discussed for some time before resuming their respective work, which was nothing other than to train and accustom themselves to their changing genetic makeup—which happens every time they consume the Nectar.

'I've seamlessly integrated into this society.' The man thought as he behaved no different from his original self. In truth, he was a puppet.

Pharkh City had a population of around three hundred thousand. It was one of the smaller cities in terms of size. Currently, around seven thousand in this city were puppets.

Inala planned to take control of this city using the puppets and make it a temporary base until he formed his own base, deep in the ocean. Occupying the space within the Biome Bomb masquerading as a puppet, Inala approached the City Lord's house.

Upon entering the house, he stared at the eleven Transcendent Statues before making his way to the flight of stairs. Soon, he was on his way through the tunnel, arriving at a hexagon chamber after five hours.

His opponent was someone at the Silver Grade, sporting a decently powerful Nature that was capable of erecting a forest of thorns in a matter of seconds. The thorns were poisonous and elicited a powerful rash.

It was a troublesome ability, but exactly three seconds later, the man was unconscious, having been swarmed by Gold Biome Bombs that stole all his Prana.

"Let's see if this works." Inala wrapped a Gold Biome Bomb on his opponent and shrunk it to thumb size. He grabbed it and slung it at the side of his hip. He then threw two Biome Bombs, "I choose you!"

The Biome Bombs spat out two Ravaged Tribesmen who were unconscious, having already been deprived of Prana, barely having a few days' worth of Lifespan.

Krieek!

Inala cleared his throat and unleashed a sonic scream that ruptured the insides of the two Ravaged Tribesmen and killed them. Both of them had a Key inside as Inala observed with interest. A few seconds later, he was disappointed, "So it doesn't work like this."

As the two Ravaged Tribesmen weren't the combatants that had entered this hexagon chamber, their deaths didn't trigger the established rules. Hence, no Nectar was produced.

This meant that Inala couldn't kill a group of Ravaged Tribesmen at a time and amass a large volume of Nectar. "Then, onto the next experiment."

He grabbed the Biome Bomb containing his opponent, activated his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination and focused on the Key that had fused into the skeleton of the man.

To aid the process, Inala absorbed Prana and Lifespan from a Mystic Biome Bomb and elevated himself to the Mystic Grade. Now, as a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger, he had enough power to focus on the Key and gradually exert his control over it.

Close to ten days later, he had gained complete control over the Key, able to control it as he pleased. Once this was done, Inala killed the man possessing the Key and observed the changes, making a note of it.

As one of the combatants had died, the Comb began to produce a droplet of Nectar. At this moment, Inala replicated the fluctuations in the Comb's influence when the combatant died, making it seem as if the man had died a second time.

He then observed the centre, noting that there were no changes, 'So, the Comb has a rule of generating only one droplet per chamber.'

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Inala focused on gaining control of his surroundings, which included the ground and ceiling of the chamber through which the Comb was gathering influence to condense a droplet of Nectar.

It was impossible to gain control of the surroundings in a short time, since it was part of an Influenced Region. Inala only intended to observe the process. Soon, the Nectar was produced as he gathered it in a Biome Bomb and attained complete control over it. Now, it wouldn't dissipate once he leaves.

Inala then jumped into the tunnel and hovered at the entrance by latching his strings of Prana onto the walls to observe the phenomenon in the hexagon chamber. A mysterious substance in the form of influence covered the place and vaporised all foreign substances.

Inala erected a Biome Bomb around him and expanded it to make it come into contact with the filament of air, using Perfect Biome Domination to focus on gaining control over it.

This time, he planned to see things through to the end, having elevated himself to the Mystic Grade. A month later, the filament of air was now under his complete control, allowing him to control it as he pleased.

Inala took out a Key and made it touch the filament, causing it to generate the same reaction as a Ravaged Tribesman entering the chamber. He released some fluctuations through the influence of the Comb that was under his control, making it seem as if two combatants were inside the hexagon chamber.

Unfortunately, the only way to make this a success was by using two Keys. All other methods he used failed. The Comb only recognised the Keys and seemed capable of distinguishing them. So, Inala couldn't fool it in this regard by making a Key emit the presence of two Ravaged Tribesmen.

Well, just the fact that he could succeed with two Keys was more than enough. A second after the two keys arrived at the hexagon chamber, Inala made one of them emit the same changes in influence that the previous man generated upon death.

Inala had killed two Ravaged Tribesmen in the hexagon chamber. Among them, he had complete data regarding the second one, since he was at the Mystic Grade when doing so. As a result, he could perfectly emulate the changes that happened in the man's Key at the moment of his death.

With it, the Comb judged that the battle here had ended and began to condense a droplet of Nectar. As the filament of air was under his control, Inala could enter and leave as he pleased.

He collected the Nectar and sensed the substance released by the Comb to vaporise all foreign substances in the hexagon chamber. After a few seconds, Inala failed to gain info on it, since even his Biome Bomb—occupying a portion of the hexagon chamber—began to vaporise in response.

He wasn't able to gain control over the mysterious substance fast enough. But he did observe that the substance occupied the hexagon chamber for close to two hours, which seemed to be more than enough time to vaporise the body of even the toughest Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

He made the calculation based on the rate at which his Mystic Biome Bomb was being affected. If Inala were to remain in the hexagon chamber without any protection, his Mystic Grade Royal Zinger—in Pranic Beast form—body would take about four to five hours to be fully vaporised.

The Empyrean Boar King's body would vaporise in about eight to ten hours. Inala had no idea how long the Celestial Boar's body would take to vaporise though as he lacked information in that regard. Of course, this calculation was only in the case of them lying there as a corpse, with the Prana in their Spirit Containers actively gushing out of their bodies post-death.

If Inala was alive, he could casually live inside for months. His regeneration at the Mystic Grade surpassed the damage of this mysterious substance. Only when he ran out of Prana would his life be at risk.

The case was true for all Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, 'This substance is powerful but it's not dangerous enough to be harmful against my opponents. Resourceful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would be able to survive too.'

Its sole advantage was that it was a product of an Influenced Region, so it took a lot of time for Inala to gain control over it through Perfect Biome Domination. In terms of sheer destructive prowess, Inala had the terrifying grey sand and the Bolt of Transcendence.

Once he had figured out a method, Inala began to dump Keys into the chamber, two at a time, intending to farm for as much Nectar as he could.

After all, it was time to begin Wittral's race change.



Chapter 608 A PR Initiative

Zahara Kingdom!

It was a Kingdom in name alone, as with the rate at which it was developing, within the next half a century, it might even attain Empire status. It was because of two reasons. First, Yarsha Zahara was from here. Second, Brangara was its guardian.

The rock pillar erected at the entrance of the Zahara Kingdom using the power of a Rockatrice constantly unleashed the Boar King's presence. This served as a reminder to all Pranic Beasts in the region to avoid targeting the Kingdom. Otherwise, they'll have to suffer the Boar King's wrath.

And in recent times, the presence emanated by the rock pillar became even stronger, for it had been replaced, now emanating the Celestial Boar's presence. The fact that such an invincible existence was protecting them allowed the citizens to develop freely.

The Zahara Kingdom hadn't faced an invasion for over two decades. Moreover, from time to time, Yarsha Zahara granted the Zahara Kingdom with powerful cultivation techniques.

Even though the strongest mineral available in the region was the Reactive Jade, only capable of creating cultivators with Silver Grade strength, it didn't matter. After all, the cultivation technique of the Zahara Royal Family that used Reactive Jade had been developed further, increasing their overall strength to the pinnacle of Silver Grade.

In the majority of the places on Sumatra, Silver Grade strength was more than enough. With the improvements brought about by Yarsha Zahara, the Zahara Royalty attained top-class Silver Grade strength.

"Prince! Prince! Prince!"

Located on the border of the Zahara Kingdom's capital city was a grand colosseum that had just been inaugurated. Performing for the opening ceremony was Shuwrak Zahara, the older brother of Yarsha Zahara.

He had recently reached the peak of the Body Stage and was feeling confident after the improvements to their cultivation technique. And now, he challenged one of the most dangerous Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in a duel to death.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Centinger!

The Wean Clan gifted a horde of Pranic Beasts to the Zahara Kingdom to be used for their colosseum. And among them were at least a couple dozen Centingers. Of course, only one of them was to be used for the colosseum. As for the rest?

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

It was one of the most destructive powers at the Silver Grade and also the most effective against the Mammoth Clan. As it was also a ranged ability, it was effective against the Quip Clan too. As a result, Yarsha Zahara had been focusing on this power the most.

With the Celestial Boar's help, she conceptualised a cultivation technique that treated the spikes grown on the centipede upper body of the Centinger as a mineral. It was these spikes that were launched when the Centinger activated its Primary Nature.

By using it as a mineral, the cultivator would be able to build a powerful Human Avatar with corrosive powers. The greatest power they obtained from it was in being able to use psychokinesis explosively for short bursts.

This explosive psychokinesis allowed them to unleash an artillery strike through their Spirit Containers, making them powerful combatants. Entirely dependent and derived from the Centingers, the cultivation technique had been named accordingly.

Silver Centinger Art!

Yarsha Zahara derived insight from the functions of Mystic Bone Art. Mammoth Clansmen consumed tusk bone powder to build their bodies. She converted the same mechanism to allow Free Humans to treat the spikes of Centingers similarly.

Currently, it was called the Silver Centinger Art, but over time, Yarsha Zahara intended to elevate it to the Gold Grade. Once that happens, the spikes of Millingers could be treated as minerals to build Human Avatars out of.

Once that succeeds, the Zahara Kingdom would obtain Gold Grade strength, able to truly call themselves an Empire. Those without a Gold Grade strength weren't qualified to call themselves as one.

With Brangara's support, subduing and capturing a couple of Millingers for the Zahara Kingdom wasn't an issue.

The Zahara Royalty would be practising two cultivation techniques. The first would be their original technique revolving around Reactive Jade. This would be served for the Kingdom's defence. The Silver Centinger Art would be reserved for the Kingdom's offence.

And the truly talented ones with the potential to lead the Kingdom would cultivate the Gold Millinger Art, once it was finished. They'll rule the Kingdom and create a foundation for their future development.

The first step to that future was to showcase the growing strength of the Zahara Royalty. Shuwrak Zahara was the one chosen for the task.

With a grunt, he activated his Human Avatar and battled against the Centinger, sustaining damage at first before causing his Human Avatar to react into a form suitable for countering the power of Bone-Melting Artillery.

"Take this, Beast!" He bellowed and released a mist that reacted with the spikes of the Centinger and transformed the power in them into a healing effect. As the artillery strike slammed into him, large craters formed on his Human Avatar due to the impact.

But the power in the spikes healed him following that, allowing him to recover from the attack. 'It hurts like shit!'

Shuwrak Zahara intended to holler in pain but controlled himself, putting on a show, 'I need to act like the attack didn't affect me.'

"He…hehe, was that your best, Beast?" He controlled the shaking in his voice and got up. Though his legs were wobbly, he churned Prana into them and tried his best to stand firm.

The Centinger stared at him in shock, wondering how he survived its artillery strike. It slashed with its centipede upper body, forming a crater on the ground upon impact. The ground melted rapidly and turned into a toxic swamp due to its power, reducing the space on the colosseum ground for Shuwrak to dart around.

"You're slow! Is that all you got?" He taunted and remained on the run, dodging the attacks well in advance, having zero confidence in being able to face them.

'This idiot!' The Zahara King observed the battle and felt an urge to facepalm. No matter how strong they became, Free Humans were vastly weaker than their Pranic Beast counterparts due to their smaller stature.

Upon seeing that its power wasn't perfect in dealing with Shuwrak, the Centinger simply retorted to physical attacks, which were stronger than his strongest attacks. Its sheer body was a weapon.

'I told him that he needs to be at least in the 6-Life Stage to have a chance against the Centinger.' The Zahara King sighed. He then stared at the disappointed expression of Yarsha Zahara who was seated at his side, "I tried to stop him."

"I'm not blaming you, Dad." Yarsha Zahara tried her best to sport a straight face but the sense of shame she felt was strong, 'I wanted to entertain my husband. But this idiot brother of mine ruined it.'

"I did tell him that an improvement to his cultivation technique didn't equate to enough spike in his strength." Yarsha Zahara said, her tone quickly turning into one of complaint, "He should have picked some other Silver Grade Pranic Beast that he was confident in defeating. Centingers are hunting experts."

"Don't be so hard on your brother." Seeing the argument between Yarsha Zahara and the Zahara King, Brangara spoke, his eyes twinkling faintly, "A strong man needs to face someone vastly stronger than him. That's what the path of a warrior is all about."

"Besides," Brangara pointed at the cheering crowd, "They are hyped about his performance. So isn't it for the best?"

"He doesn't have the strength to kill it." Yarsha Zahara grumbled, "He used Reactive Jade's power to neutralise the corrosive power of the Centinger's artillery strike. Had he used it to counter the Centinger's healing prowess, the battle might have tilted in his favour."

"But his chances of death will be higher in that case." Brangara said, "He'll be vulnerable against its artillery strike. So I think he has made a solid judgement."

"All he's doing is prolonging the inevitable. He doesn't have enough destructive power to take advantage of a moment's weakness by the Centinger." Yarsha Zahara clicked her tongue.

"What do you think?" Brangara turned to the side and stared at his four kids, hovering his gaze on Barla, "Will your uncle win or lose?"

"He'll lose." Brana said without hesitation, "Fighting head-on against a Centinger is foolish. He should have employed a strategy to win."

"He's using a strategy though." Barla commented as she pointed at Shuwrak Zahara, "His Reactive Jade will soon return to its base state. Once that happens, he'll employ the strategy Mom said. And since its artillery strike proved useless against him before, the Centinger won't be using it again, which makes it less risky for him to target it."

"He'll have a higher chance of success doing that if he were at least at the 2-Life Stage." Yarsha Zahara commented. But then, her skin prickled as she felt Brangara releasing a faint tinge of his presence, directing it at the Centinger, "You…?"

"I'm part of the strategy." Brangara winked. His action caused the Centinger to freeze up at the opportune time. Without missing the chance, Shuwrak Zahara targeted the joint between its centipede upper body and its frog-like lower body and drilled his way inside, killing it a few minutes later.

"Prince! Prince! Prince!" The crowd erupted in excitement at the sight of the Centinger's death, for it meant the Zahara Kingdom's strength had reached a level where they could kill a Centinger in a one-on-one battle.

"In the future, more of us will be able to do the same!" Shuwrak raised his bloody hand in victory and bellowed while pointing to Yarsha Zahara, "And it's all thanks to our Princess, and my enviably talented sister, Yarsha Zahara!"

"Hurray to the Princess!"

"Hurray to Yarsha Zahara!"

"Dad…" Yarsha Zahara glared at the Zahara King, "I never asked for something like this. I didn't contribute to brother's victory."

"You were gone from the Kingdom for too long." Brangara said as his eyes glinted, "So, this is the best way to rekindle their memory of you. Besides, this is necessary for our upcoming plan."

He grinned and pointed at his children, "Only thanks to this will an endless line of suitors come for our brats."

The entire colosseum was a grand public relations initiative.



Chapter 609 Spies In Zahara Kingdom

﻿﻿"Brother-in-Law! Your timing was impeccable!" Shuwrak Zahara exclaimed joyously in the palace upon spotting Brangara.

"I told you it would work, stupid uncle." Barla nudged him from the side, "You were the one doubting my plan until the end."

"Well…I haven't done anything that brave all my life. So it required more guts than what I had," Shuwrak Zahara smiled wryly. He then approached Brangara and expressed his curiosity, "Say, is it true that the strongest of my attacks wouldn't be able to harm even a strand of hair of yours?"

"Well, you could try and see it for yourself," Brangara said.

In response to his words, Shuwrak made an exaggerated action of annoyance, "If I had the courage to do that, why would I bother to ask you?"

"Is this guy always like this?" Brangara stared at Yarsha Zahara exasperatedly, "I've never seen a guy arrogant at his lack of strength."

"Uncle, come with me. I'll teach you a new technique." Barla said and dragged Shuwrak away.

"He…" Yarsha Zahara hesitated a bit before saying, "All his life, he behaved as my stand-in."

"What do you mean?" Brangara was confused.

"When I was born, news of my talent was leaked throughout the Kingdom. Many powerful families secretly harbouring bad intentions against the Royal Family wanted to kidnap me for their agendas. They wanted to steal my talents." Yarsha Zahara said, "Brother was born with a frail body and was similar in height to me, despite being five years older. So, he disguised himself as me and had been kidnapped countless times."

Shuwrak managed to survive through all that, but as a defensive mechanism, he developed to become flashy of his weaknesses. It was thanks to this that he managed to live through various compromising situations.

"I respect the sacrifice that he has made. If not for him, I wouldn't have been alive as myself until now." Yarsha Zahara sighed, "So, I want him to change. But he doesn't desire a change."

"Are those families alive?" Brangara smiled faintly. "If there are any survivors, I'll erase them. Give me a few minutes."

"Do you have a list?" Brangara stared at the Zahara King.

"Yes," The Zahara King bowed respectfully before giving a scroll to Brangara. He then prostrated on the ground, "But I hope you spare them for the time being."

"Why?" Brangara asked, "They dared target my wife. So what reason do I have to spare them?"

"The Kingdom would collapse when you eliminate everyone responsible." The Zahara King said in apology, "They all hold important positions in the Kingdom. And other than the kidnapping incident, they've done a great job for the Kingdom."

"I only request you to spare them until their positions are inherited by their successors. That way, eliminating them won't cause the Kingdom to come to a standstill."

"What are your thoughts on this?" Brangara asked Yarsha Zahara.

"Brother is the one most likely to become King. I want to honour his thoughts." Yarsha Zahara sighed, "He hasn't expressed any desire to eliminate those families."

"Well, it's your Kingdom's affairs. I won't interfere if you don't want me to." Brangara didn't dwell on the matter for too long. "But, strike them all from the list of possible suitors. I don't want any of those bastards marrying my kids."

"Yes," The Zahara King bowed and took action, summoning the ministers to the courtroom for a discussion. The evening that day, the Zahara King released the news that his grandchildren were looking for suitors.

This was the chance to become the son-in-law/daughter-in-law of the Celestial Boar, so the majority of the Kingdom went crazy. It was their greatest shot to the social pinnacle.

Anyone who succeeds would obtain the confidence to act superior to practically every single existence on Sumatra. After all, they'll now become a relation to the Celestial Boar. Their names would go down in history as significant individuals, even if they themselves haven't accomplished anything in their lives.

Celestial Boar—Brangara!

The name alone had power. And becoming associated with the first generation of the Wean Clan allowed them to wield a portion of that power. The news spread like wildfire as the entire Kingdom prepared for the day when all prospective suitors would showcase themselves to the four Wean Clansmen and hopefully gain the favour of one of them.

At a somewhat rundown tea house situated towards the outskirts of the Kingdom, a middle-aged man wearing tattered clothes held a parchment which contained the Zahara King's declaration, 'Suitors for the Wean Clan? This is huge! I must inform Boss immediately!'

He exited the teahouse, rushed into a small forest within the Kingdom's confines and activated his Human Avatar to transform into an existence resembling a pile of flesh. Fat globules gushed out of his body and condensed around the scroll to form a large sack.

As his Prana continued to gush into it, the meat sack shrunk in size but increased in density. Though it hardly emitted any scent to the human nose, the case was different for Pranic Beasts. The meat sack allured them to the extent they would experience immense starvation, even if their bellies were full.

The man used the meat sack as a Spirit Container, approached the wall, and hurled it over the Kingdom's walls. He pressed his ears on the walls and listened, smiling upon hearing the growls of a Pranic Beast, 'There lives a decently mobile Pranic Beast in this place.'

Outside the wall, a canine Pranic Beast lunged upon the meat sack, kicking away its competitors and swallowing it whole. Right after it had done so, a strange effect clouded its senses, causing it to smell a powerful scent.

It was the same scent as the delicious sack of meat it had just swallowed. And judging by the intensity of the scent, the quantity seemed enough to satiate it for a year. As its hunger was stirred up by the scent, the canine Pranic Beast sprinted in the direction of the scent, unaware of the fact that it had been caught up in the effect of a Nature.

The man who had created the sack of meat was a spy from another Kingdom. Any Pranic Beast that had consumed it would be lured in by a scent and proceed in that direction. This scent didn't exist but was something generated by confusing their senses.

To them, it would be like an instinct of sorts, similar to how pigeons return home from anywhere across the world. So, guided by this scent, the Pranic Beast would return 'home' which was the Kingdom to which the man belonged.

The Pranic Beast's actions would immediately alert the soldiers there of it being sent by a spy. They would hunt it and then extract the scroll from its stomach. In this way, they would receive the information.

Of course, there was no guarantee of the Pranic Beast making its way to its destination without being killed by some creature along the route. Hence, the man intended to send more along the way.

After gathering a bunch of scrolls from the nearby city, he continued to send out messages, hoping his Kingdom would react fast enough and dispatch a team of talented people capable enough to gain the fancy of the Wean Clan and become engaged with them.

'Now, I need to wait patiently.' The spy wiped his sweat, returned to the rundown tea house and slumped on the seat, "A jug of water, please."

"Here," The server presented the water alongside a cup of tea, "Do you need anything else?"

"A plate of my usual order." The spy ordered.

"Coming up!" Followed by a short announcement to the kitchen, the server returned to take care of the needs of the other customers.

Soon, it was late into the night as the rundown tea house called it a day and closed shop. Cleaning the floors calmly while whistling a tune was the server, her actions coming to a halt suddenly.

Upon surveying her surroundings to double-check the level of safety, she spat a tiny sphere of bone that expanded to a radius of two metres and cracked, revealing the figure of Orakha inside. "What's the matter?"

"Yennda is nowhere to be found." Orakha gritted his teeth, "We've been keeping a watch all along, but the moment Brangara left for the Zahara Kingdom, Yennda vanished. Now that they all are here, Virala and I scouted the entire Varahan Enclave. There are no traces of Yennda there."

"What about Grehha?" The server asked, "Is Yarsha Zahara displaying any intentions of reviving him?"

"She has stopped the revival process at the final step." Orakha said, "She probably only needs to seep in ten or so units of Prana to revive Grehha. So, she's storing his revival fruit in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox."

"Have you managed to figure out which of her four Lunchboxes has Grehha?" The served frowned.

"Not yet," Orakha shook his head, "Brangara is always at her side. He's also keeping his keys in his vicinity. So, it's impossible for me to get anywhere close to him without being dealt with instantly."

"It's troublesome." The server nodded and stared at Orakha, "Well, is that all?"

"Yeah," Orakha nodded before expressing nervousness, "But Gannala, isn't this dangerous? You've infiltrated Zahara Kingdom on your own. If you were to get captured, then our situation would become hopeless."

"That can't happen. No need to worry." Gannala said, "I'm just occupying the Nature Slot of a citizen here. Even Brangara cannot detect me. Besides, the best place to hide is in the shadow at the feet of the lamppost."

"From this proximity, I can focus on the Wean Clan's actions the best." Gannala then shrugged and took a seat, "Let's talk about you now."

Her eyes curled up faintly as she asked, "Is Maroppa pregnant yet?"

"No…" Orakha shook his head, flinching instinctively as the Mystic Eaters hidden in his clothes trembled all of a sudden. 'She has changed a lot as compared to before. I'm feeling fear to think about her.'

'No, is this her actual personality?' Orakha shuddered upon seeing Gannala's smile. Her subsequent words almost made him commit suicide to flee the place.

"It's a pity, and here I thought you would have acted upon your ambition already. Both the Chief and Yahard Tusk are safe."



Chapter 610 Getting Into Orakha’s Head

﻿﻿"I have no idea what you are talking about." Orakha expressed his confusion while his back was drenched with sweat, "Anyway, I'm done with the report. So, I'll be returning now."

"Sit," Gannala's tone turned serious as she kicked a nearby chair and aligned it perfectly under Orakha, "If you run away now, I'm coming after you with all my strength."

"You think I'm afraid of that…" Orakha stopped speaking, feeling a disgusting feeling as if a slimy tongue was dancing upon the back of his head. He turned around and noticed the figure of Mammoth Clan Virala walking out of the kitchen to flash a smile his way, 'This fucker is moving about in the open here?'

"Are you bored of living?" Orakha cursed in anger as he pointed at Virala, "You're begging to be detected by Brangara by this point."

"If he was actually Virala, you would have detected him the moment I brought you out." Gannala snorted, "Think a little."

"Tch!" Orakha clicked his tongue in annoyance and glared at Virala, "Do you have to look like that even while in disguise?"

"I can't help but be handsome." Virala casually yawned, "Since I have the option, I would definitely prefer to look good instead of disguising myself as an average Joe."

Currently, Virala was occupying the Secondary Nature slot of the man whose appearance he had transformed to resemble him. As he was hiding in a Nature slot, Brangara wouldn't be able to detect him.

Both Gannala and the Mammoth Clan Virala had replaced the owners of the rundown tea house after occupying their Nature Slots.

"Besides," Virala shrugged, "I've only changed to look like this a few seconds ago. Until then, I've been maintaining this body's original appearance."

"You can get some rest now." Gannala tugged with her index finger when a Nature Weapon jumped out of the man's body and landed on her hand. The man's appearance also returned to normal as she swallowed the Nature Weapon. She then stared at Orakha, "Now, we have some privacy."

"You've been wielding him like a convenient tool." Orakha commented upon seeing her actions, "Don't you realise what this bastard is capable of?"

"This one is fully under my control. Besides, it's only temporary that he's with me. Sooner or later, he'll die." Gannala stared at Orakha with a knowing gaze, "A certain orange is cooperating with the other rogue violet to get rid of my violet toy."

'How much does she know?' The more he listened to her, the more he became nervous. A thought later, he made a decision, 'This will become riskier. I need to kill Gannala!'

"Woah, hold your horses! That's very rude, uncle!" Gannala acted surprised before casually spitting out a Biome Bomb that she slung around her neck like a necklace, "Can you bear the consequences of that thought process?"

Orakha focused his senses on the Biome Bomb, feeling a tug at his presence before he hallucinated of being in the presence of the Royal Zinger, once that had wrapped him in one of its palms, threatening to snuff his existence.

"…Fine," Orakha slumped on his seat as he focused on calming down, having broken out in cold sweat, experiencing goosebumps, "I apologise for that."

"Good," Gannala grinned and swallowed the Biome Bomb, continuing the conversation casually, "Well, the reason I said the Virala in my possession will die is not due to the Mystic Human Virala. I'm not foolish enough to become prey to his schemes."

"I have a good idea of what you're all planning."

"Then?" Orakha frowned.

"Ruvva will kill him soon enough." Gannala sighed, "Born as a Mystic Human, her arrogance is ten times Yarsha Zahara's. Her ego as a human supremacist is even stronger. So, she stares at the Mammoth Clan Virala as if he were a trash."

"Are you helpless even with your methods?" Orakha asked, "I thought you would have brainwashed her or something to control her better."

"Mystic Humans are free of influences, that's the core of this existence." Gannala clicked her tongue, "So no matter how many times I brainwashed her, she ended up recovering her memories soon after. Moreover, the Mystic Path connection between her and the Mystic Human Virala is many times stronger. The Violet Mystic Path is almost rejecting to be filled by the Mammoth Clan Virala's actions."

"The Mammoth Clan Virala is a brainwashed slave of you. The goal of the Mystic Paths is to birth Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk variants capable of countering the Boar King. An enslaved being's experience runs counter to the established purpose." Orakha analysed, "So I understand why the Violet Mystic Path in Ruvva is behaving as such. Though, I never thought it could be selective like this."

"Anyway, the day the Mystic Human Virala kills Grehha is when Ruvva will try to break free from my biome. I'll be forced to release her." Gannala expressed her irritation, "So, you needn't cooperate with him for futile reasons."

"Futile?" Orakha bellowed, "I wouldn't have thought of targeting the powers of the Silver and Gold Empyrean Tentacles if the Celestial Boar hadn't appeared. My current build would have been sufficient against an endgame Boar King!"

"I've talked to the Chief countless times and tried to sound him out. He has absolutely no intentions of becoming the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle." Orakha cursed, "If he had the guts, I was ready to give up on my Secondary Nature. After all, if we had the power of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle on our side, we could challenge the Celestial Boar before he becomes too strong."

"The Chief will be a 10-Life Stage Mammoth Clansman with the power to transform into the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Our power will instantly surpass the current Celestial Boar!" He huffed in anger, "But no! He doesn't dare do anything even after I instigated him plenty of times."

"There's a reason for that." Gannala sighed.

"That's bullshit." Orakha snorted, "Reasons mean shit if you have the chance to wield the Mystic Tentacle's power."

"You're right about that. Unfortunately, the Chief is incapable of consuming the other Empyrean Tentacles." Gannala shook her head, "He's at the 10-Life Stage. Yahard Tusk has just reached the 8-Life Stage while you're at the 2-Life Stage. Basically, there are ten Gold Empyrean Tentacles, eight Silver Empyrean Tentacles, and two Iron Empyrean Tentacles."

"If the Silver and Iron Empyrean Tentacles were at the 10-Life Stage, the Chief could have consumed both the powers. As there aren't enough bodies of the other two Empyrean Tentacles, he'd have an imbalanced distribution of power." Gannala continued, "He'd simply implode. The only way to avoid that is to kill the extra bodies of all three. And once everyone is at the 1-Life Stage, he'd be able to consume the powers of all three to become a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle."

If Raaha wanted to consume Yahard Tusk, he'd have to kill two bodies and drop down to the 8-Life Stage. This way, his eight bodies would consume Yahard Tusk's eight bodies and successfully gain the Secondary Nature for all his bodies.

But to consume Orakha, he would have to drop down to the 2-

Life Stage. Otherwise, two bodies of his will have three Natures while the remaining six would have two Natures. Due to the imbalanced build, his Spirit Containers would explode, leading to his death.

"But it's different for you." She stared at him, "You only need to consume two of their bodies. And when you gain the power, due to the Rule that states there can only be one copy of the power of the Empyrean Tentacle race, the Primary Natures of both Yahard Tusk and the Chief would be erased."

"You already have Renduldu's support in this case, which is how you managed to steal the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power from the Boar King in the past." Gannala said, "So if it's you, it's possible while minimising the losses."

"Why…are you trying to support me? No, what are you after?" Orakha frowned upon hearing the explanation, "What do you gain from this? I can't think of a reason why you'll try to support me."

"I want to strengthen your tether to the Mammoth Clan." Gannala revealed a slight grin, "It's a business transaction, which is the language that you speak the best. All I'm doing by helping you is increasing your reasons to stay loyal to the Mammoth Clan."

"I know you don't have any affection for this place. You're simply staying here as it's your best option to gather a lot of resources." Gannala got up and took a few steps towards Orakha, "You want to forge genuine bonds with your loved ones, which was your regret on Earth. But you're scared, since the woman you ended up falling for is a Mudropper."

"The moment her existence is revealed, Brangara would target her with all his might. All Empyrean Tusks know about her. Grehha and Yennda too are aware. So, you're desperate to avoid them revealing about Maroppa to Brangara." She continued, "But you have no methods to check if the information has already been revealed. In that case, instead of getting cornered by Brangara in the wilds of Sumatra, you judged it to be safer here. After all, the moment Brangara comes across an Empyrean Tusk, he'll focus on killing it first."

"You judged that the Mammoth Clan will act as the buffer between Brangara and Maroppa." She stopped before Orakha and stared down at him, "Have I accurately portrayed your thoughts?"

Seeing Orakha's expression transform into a frustrated scowl, Gannala spoke further, "Whether you like it or not, you're stuck with the Mammoth Clan for life. So, I'm, just giving you a way to integrate your fate deeper with the Mammoth Clan's."

"With my help, you'll stably inherit the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle's power and overcome the danger that exists in your Human Avatar." She smirked upon seeing his eyes widen in confusion, "You mean, you didn't realise that?"

"Your current build has a serious risk." Gannala laughed, "The moment you reach the 4-Life Stage, you'll explode like a bomb."



