Chapter 591 Blola’s Future Trump Cards

﻿﻿Two hundred kilometres from the entrance of Varahan Enclave stood Orakha, leaning on the trunk of a tree, his gaze calmly directed towards the narrow entrance leading into the Enclave. Seated twenty metres away, adjacent to a boulder was Blola, sitting under its shade.

As he continued to observe, a hole jutted beside his feet as Virala in his Mystic Ewworm form drilled out, spitting in irritation upon reverting to human form, "She has only revived Yennda and is interrogating him as we speak."

"This is indeed an issue," Orakha frowned. If Yarsha Zahara had focused on reviving both Yennda and Grehha, then it was a simple matter for Virala to assassinate the two. Even now, he had returned after spying upon the actions of the Wean Clan.

As long as he remained careful, even Brangara wouldn't be able to detect him. But of course, the moment he takes action, the latter would be able to swiftly deal with him, especially thanks to the Tangible Natures he had placed in the bodies of all Wean Clansmen.

The Tangible Natures would defend the Wean Clansmen until Brangara arrived at their rescue. It was why Virala didn't take any action against them and instead spied carefully.

Currently, the situation wasn't optimal. Yarsha Zahara was interrogating Yennda for details. Virala had the power to assassinate Yennda, yes. But the moment he does so, Yarsha Zahara would actively gear up to counter him.

She didn't have a complete grasp of his powers yet but once he reveals himself, she'll know better. Moreover, if Brangara observes it and positions himself next to Grehha, then assassinating the latter would be impossible.

In terms of priority, Grehha topped the list, not only because of the Bone Vipers he had created but also due to his Green Mystic Path. Hence, Yarsha Zahara's choice was troublesome for their plan.

"How much does Yennda know?" Virala stared at Orakha to ask, "Does he know any sensitive information that shouldn't be revealed to Brangara?"

"Well, he knows about Sumatra Chronicles and the Mystic Paths," Orakha sighed, "We're helpless in this case…"

"What the heck?" Orakha cursed upon seeing Blola take root in his Transcendent Eater form and extend a branch towards Virala who began to consume them promptly, "What the fuck are the both of you doing?"

"Cultivating, what else?" Virala stared at Orakha as if the latter was a retard, "Since the situation isn't optimal, I cannot kill Yennda. So, we'll have to wait until Grehha is revived. I'm just making use of my time instead of waiting fruitlessly."

"There's a time and place for that," Orakha felt a headache as he observed the soil under Blola, "The Transcendent Eater leaves large traces by voraciously sucking up all nutrients from the soil. Brangara will know what happened here."

"I want him to know." Virala grinned as he chomped on another large piece, "The more unnerved he becomes, the higher the chances of him committing a mistake. That'll be our opportunity."

"What about you?" Orakha stared at Blola next, "You're not gaining anything from this."

"Actually, I'm gaining more from Virala than what he gets from me," Blola spoke suddenly, stunning both Orakha and Virala.

"Seriously?" Virala stared at Blola in surprise, "I just gave you some tangible data."

"That became great weapons against the Transcendent Eater." Blola grinned, "I can now enter the 3-Life Stage."

"Whether or not you guys succeed is irrelevant." Blola grinned, "Help me reach the 6-Life Stage as soon as possible. With that, I'll be able to spawn you guys endlessly against Brangara."

Inala broke free from the Transcendent Eater's records. Virala did too, but his Mammoth Clan self still existed. As long as Blola makes the necessary preparations, he'd be able to continue reviving the Mammoth Clan Virala.

So, one body of his would go into hiding while his remaining five bodies would spam the five Mystic Paths against Brangara. It was a consistent plan to endlessly harass his enemy.

And for the final touch, Blola himself would jump Brangara. With five bodies, he could move and position himself strategically, "I'll keep attacking him until he dies."

"If by mistake he consumes my Nature, he's done for." Blola grinned, "Once I reach the 6-Life Stage, I'll be the superior one in my mental fight against the Transcendent Eater. So, the Transcendent Eater consuming Brangara from within would have my mind."

"Wow, that sounds great to hear." Virala clapped, "If only everyone were as dumb as you, we would have reached the epilogue already."

"I'm simply stating the possibility." Blola shrugged, "I'm not claiming to fight against Brangara singlehandedly. Pretty much the majority of my strategy is to revive you guys endlessly and unleash you onto Brangara."

"If you are in the Brimgan Empire, then your plan will work flawlessly as the resources generated there are practically infinite." Virala pointed at their surroundings, "But this place isn't anything special. I think by the time you revive Resha a second or third time, this region will turn into a desert."

"Without suitable minerals, you won't be able to revive him anymore." He then stared at Orakha, "It's the same even if you're reviving Orakha. Whether it's the Varahan Enclave or the region in Sumatra in contact with it, there aren't enough resources here for your infinite spawn tactics."

"Virala is right about that." Orakha jutted a Mystic Eater into the ground and retracted it a few seconds later, "If there are 100 units of nutrients in this region, it'll take you 16 units to revive Resha and 21 units to revive me. So, you can make the calculation yourself."

"It takes more resources to revive you?" Virala was surprised at the revelation, "Are you stronger than Resha?"

Orakha shook his head, "The Major Treasure of Cure isn't part of the calculation, since it cannot be produced. So, it takes more to revive me, especially since Resha has yet to reach the peak of the Body Stage."

"So, who is stronger?" Blola stared at Orakha, "If you and Resha were to fight, who would win?"

"If that mysterious eye doesn't exist, then Resha will win." Orakha said, pointing at himself in confidence, "But if flight is restricted, I'll win."

Each of Orakha's bodies could revive once a day. So, he could strategically use them with hit-and-run tactics until Resha is taken down. In terms of versatility, Orakha was superior to Resha.

"Then, what about you?" Blola stared at Virala to ask next, "Will you be able to win against Resha?"

"Nope, not a chance." Virala shook his head, "I wouldn't even be able to get close to him."

"That's…surprising," Blola exclaimed. He then stared at the two in anticipation, cursing in irritation upon meeting with silence from the duo for a dozen seconds, "Aren't you going to ask me the same?"

"Not interested," Orakha yawned as he committed suicide, "See you in a few minutes."

Currently, Orakha was at the 2-Life Stage. His communication plan was simple. After getting information from Virala, his first body would commit suicide and revive at the Mammoth Clan to inform Raaha.

Once the information is conveyed and Raaha gives a command, Orakha's second body would commit suicide and revive next to Virala. The two bodies would switch places once a day, thereby maintaining communications with the Mammoth Clan.

As Orakha's cultivation through the Life Stage increases, the Mammoth Clan would be able to keep tabs on situations in multiple locations in the same manner.

"At least you ask," Blola stared at Virala, "You've been gorging on my Transcendent Eater body for months now."

"Yeah, it's tasty." Virala flashed a thumbs-up.

"Not that, fucker!" Blola raged, "Ask me if I'll win against Resha in a fight!"

"I know you won't," Virala patted the latter's shoulder, "Don't be disheartened. Maybe one day, when you're able to objectively consider Resha's strength, you'll know the reason."

"Fucker," Blola raged, "I can unleash ranged attacks too. I just haven't displayed it. At full size, my Transcendent Eater branches can extend to a length of 400 metres now."

'400 metres? That's nice.' Virala smiled mentally, having received valuable info about Blola's powers. By triggering the latter, he managed to obtain information about Blola's trump card. 'He has consumed enough of the Transcendent Eater to reach the 3-Life Stage. There's more that he's hiding. That'll be useful for me.'

"You think a 400-metre attack range is enough against Resha? Are you dumb?" Virala taunted, "He can simply repel himself away from you."

"I can spawn as a Parute Tree in any location he flees to in a matter of seconds!" Blola grunted, "And once I reach the 5-Life Stage, I will have enough control over the Transcendent Eater's powers to revive other creatures that I consume…"

Only now did Blola recognise his mistake, his eyes widening in shock for a few seconds before brimming with shame, "Fuck!"

He ended up revealing pretty much everything that he had been planning. This was supposed to be a trump card that he would use against Virala in the future to revive the latter and place him under his control.

Now, Virala ended up learning the information well in advance, commenting casually as he patted Blola on the shoulder, "Yeah, you're strong."

"You might win against Resha. I believe in your potential." He smiled while thinking without a change in expression, 'So, once he reaches the 5-Life Stage, he'll slowly begin to unleash the true potential of a Transcendent Eater. That's terrifying!'

"Don't tell others." Blola sighed in defeat.

"Gannala should already know of this." Virala shrugged, "If anyone important needs to know, they'll know through her. So, there's no use telling me this. It's not like I have any friends to share with."

"But," Virala expressed interest and nudged Blola from the side, "Can you revive cultivators in the Life Stage?"

"Only one body," Blola shook his head, "I cannot spawn them at their full cultivation, since revival only implies spawning someone back to life. The revival process is considered finished once a body is revived, irrespective of its cultivation."

"I see," Virala nodded, "So your revival is best used for Pranic Beasts."

"Then you'll probably target Millingers," Virala grinned. "Of course, it'll be perfect if you can swallow Yarsha Zahara."

"I'll create a suitable situation for it." Virala laughed, "Just focus on reaching the 5-Life Stage as soon as possible."



Chapter 592 We Need To Team Up

﻿﻿"That's indeed a tricky situation." Raaha frowned upon hearing the information from Orakha. After some thought, he made a decision, "Continue monitoring the situation while setting up a trap for the Wean Clan."

"I can create a lot of pit traps in Varahan Enclave." Orakha suggested, "I can also transport an invasive Pranic Beast race to the place and cripple its ecosystem. When that happens, the Wean Clan would be forced to spend more time, effort, and resources to recover Varahan Enclave back to its prime."

"Until then, they'll be forced to repeatedly enter the mainland for resources, which gives us plenty of chances to target them." Orakha continued, "And if they're unable to fix Varahan Enclave, they'll be forced to relocate to another region on Sumatra. But with his character, Brangara would wish to live in a safer environment for his family, and hence would prefer an Enclave that he could fully take control of."

Enclaves were closed pockets. Typically, only the native races live there, creating a stable environment where nothing too strange happens. After all, the variables were fixed.

It wasn't like Sumatra where all sorts of variables result in infinite chain reactions. If the Wean Clan was established in some location on Sumatra, they'd be forced to combat for resources with their neighbours.

Similar to all Free Human Kingdoms, they'll be spending a good majority of their time, Prana, and resources on fights. The Wean Clansmen would all have the power of an Empyrean Boar. So to satisfy their voracious appetite, they'd have to eat a lot, which would cause a dent on the environment if there were enough of them doing the same.

If the ecosystem was damaged enough, all the Pranic Beasts at Silver Grade and above would band together as a force of opposition, similar to what happened at the Brimgan Empire. They'll try to influence the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts and result in a Minor Crisis for the Wean Clan regularly.

As long as Brangara remains at home, these opposing Pranic Beasts will stay put. But the moment he leaves, they'll unleash their strongest attack to destroy the Wean Clan. Even if their chance of success is minimal, they'll still be able to cause damage to the Wean Clan.

This was a headache. Moreover, the Royal Zinger could use the surrounding races to target the Wean Clan. A simple reveal of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's presence would cause all Iron Grade Pranic Beasts to instinctively flee in the opposite direction.

After learning about this from 'Loot' in the Dralh Sea, Brangara used the tactic against the Mammoth Clan. From Brangara's perspective, Amita was at the Dralh Sea. So, she knew about this tactic.

And now, the Royal Zinger could effectively use this tactic against the Wean Clan and send in a swarm of Pranic Beasts. This one move can effectively lock Brangara in his home, forcing him to fight to protect his family from harm.

For however long this invasion continued, Brangara would be confined to the location. This would bode horribly for the Wean Clan, especially once the Royal Zinger starts to chuck boulders at them.

Hence, the best choice for the Wean Clan was to form a base in an enclave where they were free from such tactics. And Varahan Enclave was the best place for that, since it was the birthplace of the Empyrean Boar Race.

"Do you have the means to make it as if the one targeting them is the Royal Zinger?" Raaha asked Orakha, "We have plenty of Clansmen with the power of a Zinger. It is easy to create evidence pointing to the Royal Zinger."

"We're using the stuff Inala gave us to make him the culprit?" Orakha expressed his worry, "Won't we be making an enemy out of him by doing this? The risk is too high."

"We're indeed taking a risk, but it won't be an issue." Raaha gave his analysis, "For the first time in history, there are two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. Brangara feels threatened by Inala, so he would indeed focus on the latter once he adjusts to his life in the Varahan Enclave. When targeted by the Celestial Boar, Inala will be forced to give his everything to counter Brangara's plans."

"Since they're bound to fight each other, you're giving more ammo to Brangara," Orakha figured out the plan.

"Yes," Raaha nodded, "All I want is for Brangara to focus on the Royal Zinger for the time being. As long as he doesn't target us for a few decades, the Mammoth Clan can become strong enough to seriously think of fighting him."

"So our goal is to buy time." Orakha nodded.

"Indeed," Raaha nodded, "From the time I became the Mammoth Clan Chief, I've experienced countless acts of aggression by the Boar King. We've been unable to grow much due to his constant harassment. As long as we have some peace, we can capitalise on our current gains to grow tremendously."

Currently, the Mammoth Clan had an excess of resources, allowing the biomes of all Empyrean Tusks to function at full capacity. Thanks to this, they can focus on gearing up for war against the Wean Clan.

In two to three decades, they can raise a new generation with a significantly larger population of Clansmen with Silver Grade strength. With the Empyrean Tusks now able to assume human form, they can head into regions otherwise labelled too dangerous for the Mammoth Clan and hunt for Pranic Beast eggs.

They could selectively target Gold Grade Pranic Beast eggs that were easy to raise and didn't need too much resources.

All Settlement Leaders only had Silver Grade strength. Considering the situation at hand, it was time to seriously focus on nurturing the next generation of Settlement Leaders with Gold Grade strength.

The Empyrean Tusks could remain in human form to conserve resources and only revert to Pranic Beast forms for a few minutes daily to allow the Clansmen part of its Settlement to move around in the biomes.

It wasn't just that. The Empyrean Tusks could also familiarise themselves with their Secondary Nature to accumulate knowledge and experience. This way, they can use it effectively in battle.

With Gannala's Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, they can stockpile a large reserve of Nature Weapons and equip it onto the Mammoth Clansmen. If the influence of these Natures grows too much on them Gannala could unequip the Nature Weapons for a few days until the Mammoth Clansmen return to normalcy.

Moreover, in a decade or two, all the Empyrean Tusks would be brimming with Bone Vipers, possessing a robust internal defence. Even if Brangara injures an Empyrean Tusk, the Bone Vipers would swiftly mend the injury and recover the Empyrean Tusk to full capacity.

Just their existence alone allowed the Empyrean Tusks to remain in their battle states for a significant duration. The Bone Vipers were pretty much battery for the Empyrean Tusks, existing as refined units of Prana for the latter's consumption.

The Mammoth Clan needed time the most to upgrade themselves to a whole other level, going from a Silver Grade Clan to a Gold Grade Clan. For this to happen, they required a few decades of peace where they didn't have to worry about Brangara targeting them.

'If you're planning to use him in the end, why didn't you maintain relations with him?' Orakha thought in disdain, not revealing his thoughts, 'Honestly, this is the issue with them. 'If you're planning to use him in the end, why didn't you They don't consider anyone not a Mammoth Clansman as part of them.'

The sole outsider the Mammoth Clan worked with was Renduldu, and that was only because he was Mahira Tusk's pet, who lived for the Mammoth Clan's benefit even after Mahira Tusk became a Transcendent.

'This isn't the perfect place for her.' Orakha thought as he stared at Maroppa. Honestly, he cared about Inala more than the Mammoth Clan. From an objective standpoint, though it was to satisfy his needs, Inala acted as a matchmaker for Orakha.

Whatever he did pushed Maroppa ever closer to Orakha. Since Orakha liked Maroppa, he was indeed happy about it, since he desired to have a loving family, which he didn't have on Earth.

But the current state of matters might interfere with his family, just as it did on Earth. The Mammoth Clan wanted to control Maroppa, ensuring she gave birth to a Mammoth Clansman. She indeed had the capability to do so, which was why the Mammoth Clan brought her with them.

Once Maroppa births Orakha's child, the Mammoth Clan will raise the child as a soldier against Brangara. Orakha knew this, but couldn't break free from the Mammoth Clan because of one reason—it was safer with the Mammoth Clan than living out on their own.

Maroppa was only capable of birthing one child with Orakha. All the other children she births would be Mudroppers. The problem was with living on their own. If their identity gets revealed, Brangara would target them, since a Mudropper's power was incredibly valuable.

The Mudropper race had no choice but to live in hiding for the time being, at least until Brangara was killed. Moreover, there was no guarantee that Gannala wouldn't turn the Mudroppers into Nature Weapons if Maroppa left the Mammoth Clan.

That threat was there. No, Orakha could guarantee Gannala doing that, considering her character. Therefore, he didn't have much of a choice. Whether it was for him or Maroppa, living with the Mammoth Clan was the safest choice.

"I'll make preparations, Chief." Saying so, Orakha killed himself and revived next to Virala, observing that the latter was continuing to consume branches of the Transcendent Eater.

"How did it go?" Virala stared at Orakha, asking while munching nonstop, "If all trees tasted this good, I would happily become a herbivore."

"The Chief wants us to make traps for the Wean Clan." Orakha said, "We'll be doing that until Grehha gets revived. Following his revival, you'll assassinate him while trying to shift the blame on Inala."

"Oh, I love the sound of that," Virala said once he heard the entirety of the plan. While conversing, he subtly nudged Orakha in a certain direction, taking caution to prevent Blola from noticing it.

Orakha slipped a Mystic Eater into the ground as he continued the conversation, relaying Raaha's commands for Blola.

The Mystic Eater tunnelled underground for close eight hundred metres before exiting to see a Spirit Container cluster hanging from a tree branch like a fruit. It consumed the cluster and digested it, gaining the information stored in it.

Soon, it returned through the underground route and touched the soles of Orakha's feet, merging into his body. Soon, a series of data flashed in Orakha's mind, causing him to stare at Virala whole trying his best to maintain a poker face.

But internally, he was shaken.

[Blola can revive anyone he consumes once he reaches the 5-

Life Stage. The Mammoth Clan wants to control Ruvva through this method. And if your child isn't born a Mammoth Clansman, she'll be consumed and revived by Blola for the Mammoth Clan's purpose.]

[We need to team up!]



Chapter 593 Welcome To The Ravaged Federation

﻿﻿Close to fourteen months since the birth of the Royal Zinger, the Biome Bomb train continued to travel through the darkness, fighting against the stream of water pushing on it.

The deeper they went, the stronger the push of the stream of water grew, making the travel slow. Thankfully, the two Biome Bombs had enough resources within to satisfy the needs of the Quip Clan atop its consumption while moving.

"We're almost there." Inala said upon observing his surroundings begin to brighten up, "We're reaching the end."

"Finally!" Wittral exclaimed in joy, "It seemed like forever. If you didn't continue reassuring me of this route, I would have brought us back to the Dralh Sea."

"The place we're heading towards appeared in Sumatra Chronicles." Inala said, "Though the route used by the Mammoth Clan was different, any strange water body should have a route leading to this place. So, I guessed the Abyss Fall to be one such place. The Brimgan Founder's collection of knowledge only reinforced my guess."

As he spoke, the darkness faded as the Biome Bomb train exited a gigantic hole that was close to 20 kilometres in diameter. Moving against the flow of the water, it entered a region that seemed to be a hollow in the earth.

"What the heck is this place?" Wittral screamed in a fluster. All the Quip Clansmen stared in fear as the stream of water moved through space, shaped like a tendril.

Beyond the stream of water was the void, bereft of any air. Staring to their front, they spotted a glimmering star in the darkness, the sole object present in this hollow.

"We're at the right place," Inala looked around and noticed similar streams of water behaving like tendrils as they jutted out of the ground and flowed toward the star in the distance.

He could only see three water tendrils, that too only thanks to his exceptional eyesight as a Royal Zinger. Due to the sheer distance between them, the other water tendrils appeared like a mere line in the distance.

Inala observed that all these water tendrils were flowing towards the surface, 'We're along the exit side then.'

"Be patient as there's still a long way to go." He said upon staring at the star that was a mere dot in their vision. They would have to travel for a while before arriving at it, since the star was their destination.

"Had we found an entrance, we would have reached it in a few days or even faster." Inala said as he observed the sheer speed of water flow in the water tendril they were travelling through, "At least, our exit will be rapid. With this water speed, we'll return to the Dralh Sea in a day."

The Biome Bomb train propelled itself through the water tendril that meandered across the void, forming a multitude of patterns.

If Inala were to calculate the distance between their current potion and the star, the result would barely be one-thirtieth of the length they were travelling. It was because the water tendril jiggled erratically, like the graph of a seismograph.

"Can't we just propel ourselves from the outside?" Wittral asked as he stared beyond the water tendril, "Since there's no resistance, we can free fall through gravity once we propel ourselves toward that star."

"That's not possible," Inala laughed. The water tendril had its own field of gravity, similar to the tunnels in Guna Caves. As a result, water continued to travel through this tunnel of gravity, heading towards the Dralh Sea to form the Abyss Fall.

But outside this water tendril, two forces of gravity existed. One from the star and the other from the landmass surrounding the hollow. "If we make a mistake, we'll be caught in the location where the two gravitational forces are equal to each other."

The L1 Lagrange Point is the best example on Earth. It is a point between the Earth and the Moon where the gravity acting by both the celestial bodies becomes equal to each other, resulting in a net zero gravity.

Lagrange Points exist between any two celestial bodies. And in this hollow, the Lagrange Point was dangerous, since it wasn't a point but existed as a layer that was spherical in shape.

So, when caught in it, even if Inala unleashes a powerful thrust through his Biome bomb train, the propulsion would make them orbit through the Lagrange Layer. Basically, they'll be caught forever in this pocket of void and be unable to break out.

"Something like that exists?" Wittral exclaimed in shock as he stared at the void in fear, "What in the cosmic horror is this place?"

"To think such a massive hollow exists in the earth under us."

Wittral stared at Inala, hoping he would have some answers. In response, Inala scoured through the tremendous volume of information he had inherited from the Brimgan Founder, shaking his head upon feeling a migraine, "There's a lot related to it, but if I have to say anything concrete…"

As he focused on the piece of information, Inala was in a state of shock, "Blessed Race! That makes sense!"

'Mystic Transcendents become Continents when they lose their will to live? The reason Empyrean Tentacles are called the blessed race of Sumatra is because Sumatra Continent itself is a Transcendent Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.' Inala felt his heart rate pick up in response as he accessed more information from the Brimgan Founder's data, 'The thing that transformed into our ground is the skin and the flesh underneath the Transcendent Mystic Empyrean Tentacle's skin. That means…'

He stared around him, 'Have we probably entered an organ or something?'

There wasn't any specific information regarding what type of organ it was. The Brimgan Founder had been steadily gathering information from Sumatra Continent itself, which was how he knew about this.

But even he couldn't find everything, as even though the number of years he existed as a Major Treasure was incomprehensibly long for a living being, it was a mere speck when compared to the time Sumatra Continent existed.

"What makes sense?" Wittral asked, becoming frustrated when Inala didn't answer.

"Half knowledge is only dangerous." Inala said, unwilling to reveal the information he had fought out, "I'll tell you once I understand everything fully."

He didn't know how Wittral would handle the information related to Sumatra Continent's origin. Even he, with the experience of another life on Earth, found it hard to digest that a living being could transform into a continent.

'What exactly are Transcendents?' He frowned in thought, feeling that the more he knew about them, the less he understood. It was a strange dichotomy.

In the end, he could only put the information at the back of his head, 'I'll try to process this once I hit the 5-Life Stage.'

Once he starts reaching the end of his journey as a cultivator, he could begin thinking about Transcendents. For now, his goal was to face Brangara and win. Once he survives, he can take his sweet time gathering information regarding Transcendents and make preparations to become one himself.

"It's frustrating to lack knowledge," Wittral sighed.

"Once you become a Zinger, I'll transfer you the entirety of Sumatra Chronicles." Inala said, "It may or may not help you much, since you only appeared in it for a short duration. But it will give you knowledge about a lot of things."

"I'm looking forward to it," Wittral expressed with desire, exhibiting a sense of urgency, "Do it faster, Inala."

"Make a Sumatra Gold already!"

"Yes, I'll finish it once we arrive at our destination." As he spoke, strings of Prana shot out of the Biome Bomb train in habit and coiled around dozens of Phells to steal their Pran and Lifespan.

Inala performed this regularly to gather enough energy for their travel. A small profit was being made, allowing him to accumulate Prana and Lifespan at levels a bit more than their consumption. It was being used to develop the terrain in the Biome Bombs better.

The closer they travelled toward the star, the stronger the Phells started targeting the Biome Bomb Train. As the resistance continued to grow, Inala had to focus on defence more and more.

Soon, he could make faint silhouettes on the star, one that was no different from a luminescent planet. Two-thirds of the planet was covered by water. Due to the luminescent seabed, the entire planet glowed like a star.

One-third of the planet was covered by land, occupied by people. They appeared as faint dots, with a good portion of them venturing into the ocean to fish. As he observed, Inala was shocked to see that the sole marine creature in the ocean was the Phell.

And strangely, they were docile, acting as regular fish towards the people. It formed a strange contrast to the Phells bombarding his Biome Bomb train nonstop, similar to the aggression they displayed at the Dralh Sea.

'What's the reason for this contrast?' He frowned in thought and continued to observe, realising that their expenditure had already surpassed their gains. And the closer they got to the planet, the greater their expenditure, for the aggression from the Phells increased exponentially.

A large crowd had gathered around the Biome Bomb train and exploded nonstop, piling damage upon the two Biome Bombs, forcing Inala to expend Prana to mend the damage.

'Wait, there's one difference!' Inala thought as he churned Prana, causing the presence emanated by the Biome Bomb train to change from the Royal Zinger's to the Quip Tribe's. Immediately in response, the Phells stopped targeting them, turning docile around them.

'I should have done this before.' Sighing disappointedly at how long he took to observe this detail, Inala continued to row the Biome Bomb train, 'I'm getting overconfident due to this wealth of knowledge. I'm becoming reliant on it while abandoning my original strength, which is paying attention to detail.'

He admonished himself mentally as the Biome Bomb train began to close in on the place, revealing the silhouettes of the people living there to the Quip Clansmen.

"Are they all…?" Zaihaya exclaimed as she stared at Kenzar and Kenka.

"Yes, they are." Inala smiled as he introduced the place to the Quip Clansmen, "This is a special place on Sumatra that has been influenced by the Major Treasure of Pet to become a blessed land for the Ravaged Tribes."

"Welcome to the Ravaged Federation!"



Chapter 594 A Nice Welcome

﻿﻿Abyss Fall gushed water onto the surface like a geyser. There existed countless sinkholes in the water bodies across Sumatra that led into the hollow region.

From time to time, Ravaged Tribesmen who fall into the sinkholes reach the planet at the end of the water tendrils. Why only Ravaged Tribesmen? It's because the Phells act as a defensive unit against every other existence, whether Pranic Beast, Free Human, or Clansmen.

Only a Ravaged Tribesman remained unbothered by the Phells. Moreover, there were strange occurrences where a Ravaged Tribesman would suddenly enter a daze before a water body and jump into it, leaving behind no traces.

"It has happened a few times at the Sanrey Plains too." Gappu expressed his shock, "Even our Quip Tribe experienced it. Three people of ours jumped into the Angan River and vanished mysteriously."

"This place is the cause," Inala nodded at his words, "From time to time, mysterious undercurrents would be generated in water bodies that carry influence from this place. This influence can only act upon a Ravaged Tribesman. If a Tribesman was in the vicinity of this undercurrent, he'd be lured in by the influence and would enter the water. The undercurrent would carry him to this place."

It was unknown when or where this undercurrent would be generated. But only a Ravaged Tribesman can feel it, and that too only when in the vicinity. To what range can the influence be exerted upon, Inala was unsure.

Sumatra Chronicles had practically no detail about this. After all, when the Fourth Major Disaster started, a good portion of this planet was already in ruins thanks to Brangara's rampage. By then, he was already maddened and had attained the 10-Life Stage.

So, no details about the place were depicted. Everything that Inala knew about the place stemmed from the data he gathered at the Sanrey Plains through the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill used on the progeny of the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and their respective Tribesmen.

Through that, Inala came to know about some Tribesmen going missing mysteriously. He had pieced together some info by his time at the Dralh Sea, but that was irrelevant information at that point in time.

After all, without obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute, his endgame build would never happen. So, he had different priorities to focus on.

But now that he had become the Royal Zinger and inherited information from the Brimgan Founder, Inala could piece together the full picture.

From what he could figure out, Ravaged Tribesmen were being pulled into water bodies and brought to this planet for tens of thousands of years, ever since the Major Treasure of Pet had appeared.

Sanctuary was the name given to the Major Treasure of Pet's Influenced Region. And it was Sanctuary that formed the planet's core. From time to time, it released its influence through the planet's water, bringing Ravaged Tribesmen to the place.

Over time, as the population of Ravaged Tribesmen increased steadily, a group was created, that continued to steadily accumulate power to become a sizeable force, being labelled the Ravaged Federation.

Fifteen months after the Royal Zinger's birth, the Biome Bomb train landed on the planet's ocean. Inala stared at the Quip Clansmen as the two Biome Bombs reverted to their original size. Now that the space within the Biome Bombs became equalised with the outside world, Inala created Biome Bombs and layered them on the bodies of all Quip Clansmen.

The layer was transparent and thin enough to not feel any difference. Inala also morphed its texture to resemble skin and removed the unnecessary space within. Its sole function was to unleash the presence of the Quip Tribe.

This was to protect them from the Phells that were everywhere on this planet. Phells could grow on their own by consuming minerals dissolved in the water. So, they formed the primary food source for the Ravaged Tribesmen living on the planet.

As a result, anywhere with a large enough space to hold water, Phells were grown. These Phells doubled down as food and detectors for intruders.

"I'll make a move first and get a hang of the place. Once I have the leeway, I'll bring out everyone." Inala said and exited the Biome Bomb.

"What about me?" Wittral asked in worry, "You're at risk when you travel as a Silver Grade Royal Zinger. If everything you said is factual, then this place can pose danger even to you."

"You're right," Inala nodded, "Which is why, when my life's at risk, I'll bring you out."

"So, be ready for me."

"Got it," Wittral nodded, "Just don't take too much time."

"I won't," Inala nodded, "Since the purpose for coming here is to train. There's no place better than here to train for all of us."

The two Biome Bombs shrunk to thumb-size as Inala slung them around his hip. A Biome Bomb layered his skin, emanating the presence of a Quip Clansman.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

A Biome Bomb appeared around him, reaching a radius of 180 metres. Its surface turned transparent and became porous. The material soon morphed into Prana so that no material resistance would be subjected to the surroundings.

As this was the first time he was doing it, especially at the Silver Grade, Inala took a while to make the corrections. The end result was similar to an Empyrean Snapper unleashing the effect of Subtle Terrain Domination.

At the Gold Grade, Inala would be able to unleash the effect instantaneously too. Now that the surface of the Biome Bomb displayed no resistance to air and water, Inala activated his Secondary Nature.

The water within his Biome Bomb moved, generating a wave that carried him forward. Like a motorboat, Inala sped through the ocean, heading in the direction of land that he observed when travelling through the water tendril.

At a rough estimate, this planet was the size of Earth, which came as a surprise to him once Inala made the measurement. The planet only had a single landmass, but it was spread like roots across the ocean.

In terms of appearance, it resembled the Southern Veins of the Brimgan Empire, but there were concentrated deposits of landmass, appearing as large circles across the veiny pattern.

These circles acted as nodes where many of the veins merged, forming hubs for the strongest of forces to concentrate upon.

Four days of nonstop travel later, Inala arrived at the shore of a city seemingly built out of corals. The walls were constructed at a forty-five-degree incline and were a series of sharp spikes protruding outward.

There was no free space under the spikes. Even more spikes existed from the uppermost spike to the ground, packing the space to the brim. At one section of the spiked wall was an oval hole reaching a height of three metres.

This hole wasn't attached to the ground but existed at an altitude of two metres from the ground. Basically, if one has to enter it, they would have to leap through the hole. It felt strange for Inala, since this was his first time seeing it.

In Sumatra Chronicles, all the cities traversed by the Mammoth Clan were in ruins, already destroyed by the Boar King. And the Mammoth Clan wasn't exactly in any state to inspect the place, since they were tethering at the end of their existence.

'Somewhere on this planet lies the key to figuring out the location of the Seat of Transcendence.' Inala thought and shook his head, "But first, I need to focus on my objective."

He walked on the shore, noticing the sand filled with sharp stones that could easily cause a Free Human's feet to bleed. Inala looked around and noticed a man seated on a stone bench farther away, enjoying the view of the ocean.

There was no sun to illuminate the planet, but other sources of illumination existed. Light emitted by the luminous ocean was captured and concentrated by the water tendrils jutting out of the planet.

Like lightning flashes, they illuminated the sky of the planet, acting as a steady source of lumination. There was also enough geothermal activity within the planet to keep the place warm enough for life to sustain itself.

Of course, as the beings living on the planet were Ravaged Tribesmen, they were more robust in their endurance and climate adaptability, able to survive better. Survival of the fittest was at play here, especially due to the influence of the Major Treasure of Pet, which was what the Ravaged Federation revolved around.

"Hello sir, can you guide me?" Inala approached the man and asked politely.

"Eh?" The man stared at Inala in surprise and gazed into the ocean, "You arrived at the ocean?"

"Damn, your luck must suck."

Water tendrils brought the Ravaged Tribesmen caught by the undercurrents to the planet. The majority of these tendrils were positioned close to the shore.

There weren't any close to their city, which was why the man was shocked, "For how long have you been travelling through the ocean?"

"For four days?" Inala made a thinking pose as he tapped his chin, "But I'm good at travelling, which is why I didn't die. Besides, there were plenty of fish in the ocean. They were very docile and hardly resisted when I captured them to eat."

"Well, you survived and made your way here." Saying so, the man got up and offered his hand for a shake, "I'm Rattac, welcome to the Ravaged Federation."

"I'm Inala," Inala returned the handshake.

"Follow me, I'll get you adjusted to this place." Saying so, the man escorted Inala towards the city.

Along the way, they came across a large plaque affixed along the side of the road, inscribed with a familiar face. Upon staring at it, the man spat in disgust, "It's a fucking invader."

"This bastard is the most wanted man across the Ravaged Federation. Anyone who kills him can easily become one of the richest individuals across the Federation."

"What did he do to earn that infamy?" Inala stared at the picture in confusion, 'Isn't this Boul Brimgan?'

'Did he come here before?'



Chapter 595 Comb And Nectar

﻿﻿"He called himself Boul," Rattac expressed anger, "An arrogant fucker that treated all Ravaged Tribesmen as beneath him, as if we were inferior existences. He stole valuable information and treasures from all over the place. He even raided the Ravaged Federation Headquarters."

In his anger, Rattac went into detail regarding everything he heard about Boul Brimgan. In short, upon arriving on this planet, Boul Brimgan went on a hunt for information, following which he stole cultivation techniques, experimented on minerals, hunted people, etc.

Every single existence living on this planet was a Ravaged Tribesman. Hence, they were all stuck at the Body Stage, irrespective of the Grade of their strength. Against a 10-Life Stage Boul Brimgan, they were helpless.

Forget failing to harm him, they couldn't even get near him, since his Spirit Weapon could target someone from kilometres away. As a result, the Ravaged Federation were unable to catch him despite their best efforts.

"Worst of all, he even managed to sneak into the Comb!" Rattac said as he jumped through the entrance of the city, watching Inala follow suit. His attention fell upon the tub of water positioned right next to the entrance, in which swam two Phells.

As Inala entered, the Phells displayed no reaction, implying that Inala was indeed a Ravaged Tribesman. Upon seeing their reaction, Rattac calmed down and continued to speak with Inala.

Whether someone was a Clansman, Free Human, a Ravaged Tribesman, or a Pranic Beast in human form, only a Life Stage cultivator could detect the truth. Someone at the Body Stage didn't have the necessary senses to look into the truth of their identity.

Therefore, as everyone in the Ravaged Federation was at the Body Stage, the sole method they could use for the identification process was the Phell. The Phells targeted every single existence apart from a Ravaged Tribesman with aggression.

So, it remained their fool-proof method to identify intruders.

"Comb? What's that?" Inala asked, despite knowing fully well what it was, for that was his objective.

"It's a special place," Rattac grinned in pride, "It's what allows the Ravaged Federation to remain strong."

"Look here," Rattac said and flexed his arm, causing the ends to form a pair of claws covered by scales. The nails contained toxins while the bones forming the arm grew in strength without a change in bone density.

Rattac waved his arm once, resulting in a powerful wind, "This is all thanks to the Comb."

'It's better than I thought!' Inala exclaimed mentally as he observed the arm, able to sense the physical characteristics of at least four Pranic Beasts seamlessly stitched together into a working whole. "Is something like this possible?"

"It's just the tip of the iceberg," Rattac felt a surging pride upon seeing Inala's batshit shocked expression, 'That old man in the city always boasted about how worthwhile it is to explain everything about this place to a newcomer. Inala's expressions make it worth the effort.'

"Ravaged Tribesmen can grow in strength and mutate endlessly through the Comb," Rattac spoke as the duo walked through the street. The cobbled pathway meandered like a narrow, with its widest sections reaching twenty metres while the narrowest parts barely spanned five metres.

This was the main road of the city. The rest of the roads were narrower, as there was no concept of vehicles in the place. Unlike the Brimgan Empire, which was technologically advanced as its strength revolved around Spirit Weapons, the cities of the Ravaged Federation seemed like they were straight out of the Stone Age.

Walking was the sole mode of transport. Houses were made out of coral, for that was a commonly found material throughout the ocean, in especially large numbers that coral dust formed the beaches.

This coral dust was compressed and solidified to form the roads, tables, chairs, utensils, etc. Anyone fancying a design would litter their home with colourful stones, pebbles, and variety.

Clothing was extremely minimal here, created by forming leather out of the Phell's skin. As everyone was a Ravaged Tribesman, able to display the physical characteristics of Pranic Beasts on their human bodies, wearing baggy clothes was a nuisance.

Clothes would get ripped apart during a transformation. And hence, the fashion sense here was the same as how humans dressed around on beaches.

Inala's baggy clothes stuck out like a sore thumb, revealing that he came from the outside. Ravaged Tribesmen arrived at the planet from the outside pretty frequently, since they were brought in from all over Sumatra Continent.

So, the people weren't exactly surprised. Rather, they were welcoming of his arrival, for various reasons.

"You're wondering why we're happy to see Ravaged Tribesmen from outside, right?" Rattac laughed upon seeing Inala's puzzled expression upon being greeted by the people in the vicinity.

The majority of the houses only had a single storey, sporting a flat terrace connecting a bunch of houses together. This open space was used for treating, storing, and working on the Phells they had caught during the day.

A group working on one such joined terrace noticed Inala's baggy clothes and arrived at the edge of the terrace to get a better view of him, "What a handsome man!"

"He has an irresistible charm to him."

"I think I've fallen for him already. I want to have his babies."

Inala remained unaffected by their discussions, able to clearly hear them all, even when the conversations were hushed.

From the Mammoth Clan's standards, Inala was slightly above average in terms of appearance. In the Brimgan Empire, he was only average. His female form was considered a matchless beauty in the Brimgan Empire due to her luscious hair, but in other Free Human Kingdoms, she'll only be above average.

But the aspect that made both his genders attractive to others was the Primary Nature of Royalty. Before, Royalty gave him a regal aura, causing the opposite gender to be subconsciously attracted to the notion of power and authority he exuded.

And now, that effect was even more pronounced thanks to Mystic Royalty. It was why Rattac was enthusiastic to guide Inala, for he felt that the latter was probably the head of his Ravaged Tribe at the very least.

'He's indeed from a powerful Ravaged Tribe.' Rattac thought upon observing how Inala remained unfazed by the attention directed at him by a crowd of people, "You don't seem bothered."

"I've received attention all my life, so I'm not flustered by it." Inala smiled wryly and asked, "So, the reason outsiders like me are being given such a warm reception is…?"

"It's this," Rattac transformed his right arm for an instant before reverting to normal, "We can gain the characteristics of other Ravaged Tribes through the Comb. Over the generations, these characteristics fuse better and better to improve our power. So, the greater the number of Ravaged Tribes we have, the stronger the Ravaged Federation's growth potential."

"That's…amazing!" Inala exclaimed, though he knew the answer already.

Major Treasure—Pet!

Influenced Region—Sanctuary!

Sanctuary was shaped like a honeycomb, functioning just like one from Earth. Called the Comb by the Ravaged Federation, the honeycomb gathers the presence unleashed by the Major Treasure of Pet, one capable of influencing Pranic Beasts.

Phells were literally a Pranic Beast race created to act like bees. Somewhere deep in the planet, there exists a spawn point in the Comb for the Phells. Once birthed, the Phells will scour through the ocean and absorb its minerals to grow.

Once they reached maturity, they would enter the hexagon chambers littering the surface of the Comb. There, they would absorb the influence leaking out of the Comb until their breaking point, following which they would explode.

Their flesh and blood are absorbed into the hexagon chamber for a while, resulting in the appearance of a lid that encloses it in the end. When this happens, the chamber secretes Nectar, which is basically the concentrated essence of the influence generated by the Major Treasure of Cure, but in a form consumable by living beings.

The Phells act as the medium of conversion. A Major Treasure influences its surroundings. The Phells grow by consuming the minerals in the water, which carries the Major Treasure of Pet's influence. And once they die by explosion, the Comb refines their body products to produce Nectar.

This Nectar formed the Ravaged Federation's foundation. After all, if a Ravaged Tribesman consumes a cultivator from another Ravaged Tribe and then downs this Nectar, they'd gain characteristics of the consumed cultivator's Ravaged Tribe.

This would be a seamless integration, perfectly built into their genetics. As a result, a Ravaged Tribesman on this planet was able to grow stronger endlessly by consuming other Ravaged Tribesmen.

This was their tradition, of consuming each other to grow. Hence, Inala was welcomed with open arms. In him was the genes of a new Ravaged Tribe. Those who were able to consume these genes would obtain a new route for mutation.

Once the mutation reaches a certain point, even the Primary Nature would change to accommodate their changing body. As a result, the Natures of cultivators in the Ravaged Federation were complex, pretty much the most complex in all of Sumatra.

And the cause of it is the Nectar, which is also Inala's primary goal for coming here. Whether it be in creating his Tertiary Nature or changing Wittral's race, both relied heavily upon Nectar.

As the concentrated influence of the Major Treasure of Pet, it was guaranteed to take effect without any defects. All Inala needed to worry about was what to consume for Nectar to influence him towards his desired result.

"It's a wondrous place indeed." Rattac said and pointed at the sole three-storey building in the centre of the city, "Follow me to meet the City Lord. He'll make arrangements for your stay at Myorc City. Who knows, if you get into his good books, maybe your opportunity to enter the Comb might arrive sooner than expected."

"Please lead the way," Inala said and accompanied Rattac to enter the three-storey building, immediately greeted by eleven statues, all imposing in their stature, "What are they?"

"Oh, them?" Rattac gazed at the statues with respect and prostrated before them, "They're our Gods!"

"Our legends state that they are Transcendents watching over the Ravaged Federation."



Chapter 596 Eat, Consume, And Spawn

﻿﻿"Gods?" Inala purposefully expressed cluelessness to the vocabulary used by Rattac.

"It'll be better for me to explain it." A voice of authority resounded as an old man descended through the flight of stairs leading from the second floor. He sported a beard that reached his stomach, shaped like a whisk.

His face was riddled with wrinkles but his hair was an even greater mess, sporting a myriad of colours. Almost every string of hair was a shade of its own, possibly due to the influence stemming from regular consumption of Nectar.

His back had a mild arch but his body was ripped to the extreme, a bulky individual with footsteps loud enough to cause thuds. He stared at Inala and extended his hand for a shake, "I'm Pettenac, Lord of this City."

"I'm Inala," Inala introduced himself and stared expectantly.

"When a cultivator reaches the end of their cultivation path, they'll become a Transcendent, an unfathomable existence with infinite lifespan. The Ravaged Federation has produced twelve such existences, all of whom continue to watch and support us from afar." Pettenac said, observing Inala's confusion to smile, "You're wondering how it's possible, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "The moment a Ravaged Tribesman becomes a Clansman, they'll be attacked by the Phells. So, I'm not sure how it's possible…"

"Oh, it's possible, very much so." Pettenac smirked, "In fact, we have produced plenty of Clansmen. So, it's not a wonder we have Transcendents."

"According to my knowledge, there are only two Clans on Sumatra." Inala frowned. "I find it hard to believe your claims, sir."

"Hohoho," Pettenac wasn't in the least offended by Inala's question. Instead, his smile widened, "When a Ravaged Tribe births a Clansman, the Pranic Beast in charge of them evolves as a result. Post-evolution, they will destroy the Clan. I'm sure you must have heard about it…"

Seeing Inala's confusion, he sighed a little and explained, "Our records state that at one point in time, Sumatra Continent only had Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Through the infinite variables, some Pranic Beast races created a Ravaged Tribe and ended up developing them into Clans."

"They evolved as a result. It is claimed that only through this process that Silver and Gold Grade Pranic Beasts have come to occupy Sumatra." Pettenac curled his beard and bowed faintly towards the eleven statues, "But after evolution, they came to notice something."

"The Clan possessed the same power as their evolved selves but weren't under their control anymore, unlike their Ravaged Tribe self. Moreover, there was a chance they could birth the Pranic Beasts too. This changed the dynamic." He grinned, "That terrified the Pranic Beasts. A single misstep, and they'll become controlled by the very Clan they created."

"Moreover, if various Clans were to mix and manage to birth a progeny successfully, despite the genetic differences, a superior generation would be created. Upon reaching maturity, this generation would fully control the two parent Pranic Beast races, ensuring the Clans reined supreme in their dynamic." Pettenac shook his head, "No one likes to be subjected to enslavement, especially by those they treated as slaves."

"The Pranic Beasts shared this ideology and hence, the moment they evolve successfully, the first action they take is to annihilate their Clansmen. Through mating, they could elevate the rest of their race to the same Grade." Pettenac smiled, "Throughout history, millions of Clans have appeared. It's just that they had been annihilated after their purpose had been achieved."

"The Mammoth and Cooter Clans exist as their respective Pranic Beasts have already evolved to the natural limit and have entered a symbiotic relationship of sorts with their Clansmen." He pointed at the ground, "When the various Clans formed, it was at most one or two Tribesmen becoming Clansmen by entering the 2-Life Stage. The remainder were still Tribesmen."

"So, some of those Tribesmen were brought here." Inala nodded.

"Yes," Pettenac nodded, "You can even find the ancestors of the Mammoth and Cooter Clans in the Ravaged Federation. Well, their roots point them that way, but their current changes would make them pretty far removed from the Ravaged Tribe versions of the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan."

"But, if Clansmen appeared here too, then who was…" Inala stared at Rattac.

Knowing that he was referring to the incident with Boul Brimgan, Rattac said, "The Phells indeed attack anyone not part of a Ravaged Tribe. But that's not the reason for a lack of Clansmen here."

"In the Comb, we Ravaged Tribesmen can absorb the characteristics of other Ravaged Tribes to mutate without limits. Some of us will evolve and become a Clansman." Pettenac continued the discussion, "But the moment they are at the 2-Life Stage, they're unable to leave the Comb. Instead, they'll be transported into the Sanctuary."

"Sanctuary?" Inala was honestly shocked by this information, 'People are actually living in an Influenced Region? This information isn't present in both Sumatra Chronicles and the Brimgan Founder's data.'

"It's the Influenced Region of the Major Treasure of Pet. The Comb is the outer surface of the Sanctuary itself. The entire Ravaged Federation is built upon the Nectar secreted by the Comb." Pettenac commented.

"Then," Inala stared at the eleven statues, "They reached the 10-Life Stage in the Sanctuary and became Transcendents."

"Yes," Pettenac nodded, "From time to time, the Clansmen living in the Sanctuary are able to send out information through the Nectar. The Tribesman consuming the respective Nectar obtains the information. They'll then inform the City Lords who'll communicate with the other City Lords until the entire Ravaged Federation learns about the message."

"The latest message they sent was to capture the invader named Boul," Rattac said, his tone huffed. "Somehow, this bastard managed to infiltrate the Sanctuary."

'That seems useful.' Inala thought, curious to learn more about the place, 'Even if I were to be trapped in the Sanctuary, it wouldn't be permanent. It will open itself to outsiders once the Fourth Major Disaster starts. So, in the off chance I'm trapped there, I'll be able to break free during then.'

"The Rules of the Ravaged Federation states that all Tribesmen are allowed one free opportunity to enter the Comb every year. Other than that, you can fight for the open free slots." Pettenac brought Inala to the second floor where a monolith stood in the centre, inscribed with the rules.

[Rule 1: All Tribesmen obtain one entry to the Comb every year.]

[Rule 2: Newcomers will be given an extra entry for the first year.]

[Rule 3: Keys allowing entry into the Comb are dispersed among the Phells. Finders keepers.]

[Rule 4: When coming into contact, the Key will fuse with the body. Can be hoarded, no limits.]

[Rule 5: Maximum of one entry per day into the Comb.]

"That's it?" Inala thought for a bit and asked, "Can't the Keys be stolen?"

"Yes," Pettenac nodded, "If you kill someone possessing a Key and consume their body, you'll obtain their Key. But I wouldn't advise going ahead with this method."

Every adult in the Ravaged Federation was uniformly at the Body Stage, which was the ceiling limit of power. Taking the life of a fellow Tribesman would instantly put the culprit on the blacklist and become a target for the entire Ravaged Federation.

Even someone with Gold Grade strength would collapse out of exhaustion eventually. Moreover, that is in the case the City Lord hasn't subdued them yet.

'This guy's strong!' Inala felt Pettenac's strength, judging that the latter had Gold Grade strength. Approximately based on the latter's presence, Inala calculated that this old man before him had already lived over a millennium.

During this entire time, this old monster had consumed a voracious amount of Nectar and devoured the bodies of tens of thousands of Ravaged Tribesmen, obtaining all their characteristics.

'He probably had more than enough time to properly sort through the characteristics and pick out the dominant ones to develop further.' Inala thought, 'I won't be able to win against him without revealing my identity as the Royal Zinger.'

As Inala only wished to accumulate strength, he had no intentions of making any large plans, at least not in the Ravaged Federation. The Lagrange Layer was different though. He could try to trap Brangara there.

As long as Brangara wastes enough time trapped in the Lagrange Layer, Inala would be able to grow even stronger and bridge the gap between the two.

"Besides, if you have enough strength to kill one of us, you're plentiful enough to capture enough Phells and farm for the Keys," Pettenac concluded. "There are plenty of free houses along the edge of the city. Rattac will guide you there. Just pick any house that suits your fancy."

"What about my first Key?" Inala asked, "How will I get it?"

"Capture a random Phell and eat it." Rattac laughed as he slung his arm around Inala's shoulder and said, "There will be a Key in it. That's how the Comb gives you your first Key."

"That's amazing!" Inala nodded, 'Pet has a lot of strange conditions. Unlike Attribute, which was happy to fuse with the first suitable individual that touched it, Pet won't be easy to obtain. Resha indeed obtained it in Sumatra Chronicles, but that was during the Fourth Major Disaster. Too much stuff was happening back there, so I cannot guess which conditions Resha fulfilled and through what means he satisfied them.'

'There's a lot to think about.' Nodding in response, Inala accompanied Rattac and arrived at the edge of the city where he randomly picked a stone house. It didn't matter, since he would only be using the place to sleep.

"Thank you for your help." Inala stared at Rattac, "How do I enter the Comb?"

"The entrance is in the basement of the City Lord's house." Rattac patted Inala on the shoulder, "Since you're new to the place, remember to religiously follow the Ravaged Federation's mantra."

"Eat, Consume, and Spawn!" Rattac gave a knowing smile as he observed the surrounding houses and bode his farewell.

"What does that mean?" Inala frowned at the three words when he noticed figures swarm out of the nearby houses and bombard him with requests. They were all from women with a rather open intention.

"Have a child with me."

"You're a bachelor, right? Since you came from outside, obviously you are. Let's spawn some progeny."

"Hey, what race are you? I'm sure we can birth some competent offspring."



Chapter 597 Can We?

﻿﻿Eat, Consume, and Spawn; a simple mantra followed in the Ravaged Federation. In the Ravaged Federation, a Ravaged Tribesman would eat the Phells daily, consume Ravaged Tribesmen in the Comb alongside the Nectar, and spawn progeny with as many Tribesmen as possible.

The goal was simple—constant mutations.

A Quip Tribesman would be able to grow a lot in the Comb by regularly consuming the bodies of other Ravaged Tribesmen alongside Nectar. Eventually, they'll gain a lot of powerful characteristics, influencing even their Primary Nature to change in response.

As they continued to mutate, they'd eventually evolve into a Gold Grade Ravaged Tribesman, depending on their direction of growth. Some proceed in this direction while the majority focus on reaching the 2-Life Stage as soon as possible.

And of course, just entering the Sanctuary wasn't the endpoint. The best-case scenario would be to have powerful offspring carrying their carefully curated genetics that would follow them into the Sanctuary every few years.

Hence, everyone who managed to mutate their selves to a decently unique or powerful extent hoped to leave behind as many offspring as possible. The culture of the Ravaged Federation revolved to satisfy that.

The concept of marriage or family didn't exist here. Rather, one only identified themselves based on their birth parents. A man can sleep with as many women willing to bear a child with him. The case was the same for a woman too.

If someone had worthy genes, they'd be sought after to create powerful children. The Ravaged Federation supported the birth of as many offspring as possible. After all, thanks to the Phells, they never had to worry about food shortages.

Moreover, tens of thousands died in the Comb every day, consumed by the victors in the hexagon chambers. So to upkeep their tremendous death rate, the Ravaged Federation took ample care to maintain a robust birth rate.

Inala displayed the presence of the Quip Tribe. Unlike the Ravaged Tribes typically found on Sumatra, the Quip Tribe stood at the peak as a Tribe. After all, when created at the Sanrey Plains, Inala had already perfected their cultivation technique.

Secondly, they were created through the Prana of Mutated Empyrean Zinger Kings and Queen who were birthed through the Boar King's Prana and Lifespan. Therefore, in terms of sheer foundation, the Quip Tribe already was one of the best at the Silver Grade.

Inala's Silver Grade presence and the robust foundation he exuded were alluring to everyone who lay gaze upon him. A glance at him and they judged him to possess immensely valuable genes.

"What race does your Tribe belong to?" One of the enthusiastic women approached Inala in closeup and asked, "You feel…strong!"

"The Zinger Race," Inala commented, smiling upon seeing the crowd become stupefied in response.

"Zingers…?" The woman expressed her confusion, "Do you mean the Zinger Race that lives in the Dieng Canyon?"

"I believe there's just one race on Sumatra called the Zingers." Inala nodded.

"But how?" The woman expressed the same thought present in the minds of everyone at the scene, "The Zingers are Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. But your presence is that of the Silver Grade."

"The Zinger Race has changed. They have a pinnacle existence protecting them now." Inala grinned, exuding an air of confidence and authority that intimidated everyone at the scene, "The Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Royal Zinger has graced Sumatra, being the third Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to do so."

"Third…?" The woman in closeup to Inala muttered in shock as she subconsciously stepped away from him. Though her desire to have his genes was uncontrollable, she was unable to act upon it, feeling that she wasn't worthy enough to do so.

'That's why he seemed different from the rest. He has a supreme Deity protecting him.' The woman had already returned to the crowd by now and seemed intent to leave the place. She only possessed Iron Grade strength and didn't have the confidence to obtain Inala's attention, 'Powerful women would come to seek his attention once news of this spreads.'

Women with potent Silver Grade strength or even the old monsters with Gold Grade strength would approach Inala, confident in birthing powerful children that would possess a union of the genetic traits of both parents.

These children would be able to mutate even further and breeze through the ranks once they enter the Sanctuary. As long as the quality and foundation of their genes were robust enough, they'd be able to become a Transcendent.

Theoretically, a Quip Tribesman could consume the bodies of Mammoth Tribesmen and Cooter Tribesmen alongside Nectar and gain their characteristics. The changes would be made practical thanks to the effects of Nectar.

But unless this combination was perfect, it became impossible to progress through the Life Stage. Basically, the more perfect the combination was, the greater the bodies one could stack. Only a Tribesman with a perfect, synergetic combination of genes could reach the 10-Life Stage and succeed in becoming a Transcendent.

It was why only 11 Transcendents had appeared from the Ravaged Federation, despite them existing for as long as the Major Treasure of Pet. On this planet with an infinite supply of food and zero threat to their life, the population of Ravaged Tribesmen surpassed five billion.

But even then, only 11 Transcendents managed to appear from their side, forming a heavy contrast to the Mammoth Clan which has 12 Transcendents. This was shocking since it had been approximately 13,000 years since the birth of Mahira Tusk.

In this short time, the Mammoth Clan managed to create 12 Transcendents. In contrast, the Ravaged Federation probably existed for the same time as the Brimgan Empire, since the time difference between the reveal of the Major Treasure of Cure and Pet is just a century.

This sheer lack of Transcendents from their side was due to the imperfect harmonisation of the genes the Ravaged Tribesmen accumulated in the Comb. The defects became extremely pronounced the higher the number of bodies they continued to stack.

Hence, once someone develops enough, they'd carefully consider their mate to ensure the birth of an offspring with beneficial genetic characteristics so that their growth would be more smooth sailing than their parents.

When the genetic information is copied from the parents to the offspring, natural selection happens, causing the genetic information to be harmonised better. As long as partners were selected properly, after great research, this harmonisation would become more and more pronounced over the generations.

Eventually, there came Ravaged Tribesmen with near-perfect distribution of genes that were seamlessly harmonised with their existence. These existences would be searching for the final piece of the puzzle, the necessary genes that could result in a progeny guaranteed to breeze through to the later ends of the Life Stage.

Many women at the scene felt that Inala's new genes could be that variable for the old monsters. First of all, there hadn't been a Ravaged Tribe made by the Zingers before. Secondly, Inala originated from a Quip Tribe generation that had witnessed the birth of the Royal Zinger. So, his gene quality must be spectacular.

'Seeing their reaction, the three Quip Tribesmen that vanished mysteriously haven't landed anywhere close to this city.' Inala thought, 'Well, it makes sense, since all the entry points lead to cities far away. I came here because I arrived through an exit river.'

"If you're still free after this, visit my house." A woman who had entered Silver Grade recently approached Inala and whispered in his ears the address of her domicile, "I'll be waiting with open arms."

"Ok," Inala nodded, even though he had no intention to sleep with any of the women at the place. Through his Tangible Piezo Slip Skill, he could make his target experience a scene as if she had made out with Inala.

During this time, Inala would use his Biome Bomb to gather data from the woman. The type of genes she had, their composition, their distribution across her body, the influence they had on her body, mind, and soul, how her Primary Nature changed over the years, etc.

By gathering all this data, Inala would be able to piece together a plan and target the Ravaged Tribesmen selectively. And by consuming them alongside Nectar, he'd be able to create the Tertiary Nature of his desire.

A lot of groundwork had to be created for this in the first place. Moreover, Inala's goal was to steal the secrets of the Nectar so that his Biome Bomb could produce it in the future, just as how it could create grey sand and Bolts of Transcendence.

It was why he made a beeline to this place while ignoring the Wean Clan. Or rather, Inala planned to hole up in this place for as long as possible, even at the cost of skipping the Third Major Disaster.

Honestly, as long as he remained a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger, Inala would be able to avoid the Third Major Disaster. But otherwise, he'd subconsciously think of heading to the location for a variety of reasons.

They would seem like an action taken out of conscious thought but the true cause was due to Renduldu's actions, which made the Mystic Seven arrive at the Four Major Disasters to face Brangara.

Subconsciously, they would take actions that will lure Brangara to the place where the Major Disaster happens. And when they face him, the Mystic Paths would fill up rapidly through the resultant experience. By the end of the Fourth Major Disaster, the Mystic Paths will be fully filled, resulting in the Mystic Path inheritors entering the Mystic Grade.

'A stellar plan, I must say. Honestly, I can only go against it when I'm at the Mystic Grade. But the rest of the time, I'm subconsciously influenced too.' Inala sighed as he observed the women before him and said, "I have just arrived at this place. So, give me a day to settle in. I'll first head into the Comb once. When I return, if there's a woman happy to accept me, we'll engage in the baby-making process."

Inala's declaration was met with raucous applause from the crowd of women who all gave him their address and walked away. Of course, there were a few who wanted to jump the gun, remaining at the entrance of his house even after the crowd parted away.

"There's no guarantee you can survive the Comb." A woman approached Inala with a wry smile, "I don't want to miss out on your genes. So,"

"Can we?"



Chapter 598 Quip Development Plan

﻿﻿"I see, so that's how it is," Inala muttered as he stared at the woman encased in a Biome Bomb, unconscious. The Biome Bomb extracted data from her, causing waves of pain to course through her sensory system.

But having been knocked unconscious, she was unable to react. As Inala was only at the Silver Grade, his data extraction process was forceful and damaging to the target. It wasn't as seamless and undetectable as when he unleashed it as a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger.

Thankfully, he had more than enough Lifespan stored in his two Mystic Grade Biome Bombs, which he supplied to the woman and healed the damage sustained by her body.

Mystic Royal Art--Tangible Piezo Slip!

Inala unleashed a few screeches that slammed into her skin and condensed in her mind as an information cluster. This gave her a memory of her engaging in a baby-making process with Inala.

Even if she fails to become pregnant, it would never be an issue, since there were more chances of failure than success. Typically, if two Ravaged Tribesmen were to copulate, there was almost zero chance of pregnancy.

In the Ravaged Federation, before copulating, both parties would consume Nectar, which raised the chances of success. Nectar was pretty much the only reason the Ravaged Tribesmen here could have children.

After all, none of them was a pure Ravaged Tribesman--having genetic characteristics of a single Pranic Beast. Even the weakest had at least three to four Pranic Beast characteristics.

So, there was basically zero chance of creating a progeny for these Tribesmen, only if they didn't have Nectar. Thankfully for Inala, there was no information relating to the Quip Tribe in this city, so the people living here had no idea about the genes of the Zingers.

Therefore, even if none of the women supposedly mating with Inala managed to birth an offspring, no one would bat an eye. They'll just assume that the difficulty was steep for the Zinger genes to assimilate with other genes.

None would expect Inala to not even touch the women and instead extract their data. Inala was simply accessing and copying the data of the woman. So, the woman wasn't forgetting anything part of her life.

And in the off chance he fails to control his strength and ends up extracting some data from her mindspace, Inala could rely upon the Tangible Piezo Slip Skill to return the data to her. This way, it was impossible for the woman to realise what he was doing.

For the rest of the day, Inala remained holed up in his house, making many women living in the neighbourhood curse the woman who jumped the gun and lucked out to mate with him. Unaware of the truth, they kept watch on the entrance of his house like a pack of hyenas, ready to pounce on him the moment the doors opened.

By now, Inala had accessed the most important pieces of information from the woman held captive in his Biome Bomb, understanding the details about the Comb's functions.

Firstly, a Ravaged Tribesman would fish for Phells and consume them for food on a daily basis. If they had luck, they would chance upon a Key that would instantly fuse in their bodies.

Once the Tribesman enters the Comb, he arrives at a hexagon chamber, faced with another Ravaged Tribesman for a death match. The two will duke it out until there was one survivor.

Following that, the survivor had two options. First was to consume the corpse in the chamber, followed by Nectar that would appear at the death of one of them. Second was to ignore the corpse and consume only the Nectar.

By consuming only the Nectar, they could focus on rearranging the genes already existing in their bodies by labelling them as dominant and recessive genes. Once this process is repeated enough times, the Ravaged Tribesman will be able to refine their accumulations to become a perfected version of themselves.

This was a time-consuming process and there was no guarantee they could survive so many death matches. The most important point to note here was the Nectar.

When one of the contestants dies, a drop of Nectar is produced in the hexagon chamber. It would hover in the centre. If the survivor tries to bring it out, the moment they leave the boundaries of the hexagon chamber, the droplet of Nectar transforms into influence and gets absorbed by the Comb.

So, it had to be consumed within the hexagon chamber where it was produced.

Opponents in the Comb were decided based on a complex series of suggestions. Only opponents on a similar level of power appeared. There was never a power disparity. Hence, the chances of survival in all death matches were fifty-fifty.

The Comb was situated at the core of the planet. The paths leading to the hexagon chambers were tunnels similar to the ones at the Guna Caves. Somehow, even while free-falling through a tunnel for a long distance, oftentimes taking hours, the cultivator didn't burn up due to air resistance.

The cause was the Keys fused into their bodies. Similar to the hydrophobic coating given by the Keys in the Attributed Region, allowing the owners to pass through the gates and enter different Compartments, the Keys given by the Sanctuary gave a coating on the skin that shielded them from the harms of air resistance.

The Ravaged Federation had been investigating the arrangements of the Comb's match-fixing patterns but were unable to gain any leads. With the Brimgan Founder's data, Inala was capable of figuring everything out, able to predict who he would be matched with and why.Currently, he was at the peak of the Body Stage. As long as he remains an Expert Silver Grade Royal Zinger, Inala could stack up on bodies. With enough preparation, he could allow the Quip Clan to face him and defeat him.

With the aid of Nectar, once they consume his corpse, the Quip Clansman would accumulate more of the Royal Zinger's genes. With the gene accumulation characteristics of Mystic Royal Art, the Quip Clansman would grow in strength rapidly and be able to mutate or even evolve eventually.

As the Nectar could do the same, upon observing the information in the Brimgan Founder's data, Inala added the gene accumulation characteristics in Mystic Royal Art. As it was realistically possible and possessed infinite potential, he included it as part of his cultivation technique.

As long as he becomes capable of producing Nectar, the Quip Clan would have a future wherever they set up base, as long as they have one of his Biome Bombs to produce the Nectar.

Inala planned to set up a base for the Quip Clan at the Ravaged Federation and have his Quip Clansmen farm for Nectar. They'll continue to consume his body and eventually evolve to higher Zinger variants.

Two days later, Inala finished extracting all the valuable information from the woman and retracted his Biome Bomb, hanging its miniature version on his hip, "Get up, it's morning."

"Already?" The woman woke up with a start and stared around casually, as if used to it. After all, in her memories, this was the third day in his house, so it was almost a routine.

"Guess it's time to leave," The woman smirked as she got up and whistled away as she exited, leaving behind a comment as she left, "I'll return next month if I fail to get pregnant."

'There won't be an opportunity to do so.' Inala thought as he sported a fake smile and waved at the woman, surprised to see the latter return in a couple of minutes and give him a tub filled with water. Swimming peacefully in it was a Phell.

If a Cooter Clansman were to see a Phell behaving so docilely, he would rage quit. After all, the Cooter Clan based at the Dralh Sea faced the strongest aggression from the Phells.

"This is for you." The woman smiled, "Because of me, you haven't entered the Comb yet. Since it's your first time, there will be a Key inside."

"I pray for your survival." She said like it was clockwork and left the place. She wasn't emotionally connected to Inala or anything. Such things didn't exist at the Ravaged Federation. She was only after Inala's genes.

If she fails to become pregnant, she will return the next month for another attempt. If Inala was dead by then, she would simply switch targets to another man who catches her fancy. All men and women in the place behaved the same, for it was the norm there.

'So, there's a key inside this.' Inala smiled as he closed the door and stared at the Phell. He didn't kill it immediately and instead placed it inside a Biome Bomb and absorbed its Prana and Lifespan.

Once the Phell was dead, he used two strings of Prana to dissect it, observing a shiny Key inside, seemingly made of coral. If he were to touch it, the Key would fuse into his body. But now, encased in the Biome Bomb, it remained as is. 'So, it needs physical contact.'

Some sophisticated individuals were capable of extracting the Keys without coming into contact with it. These individuals typically supplied the Keys to their children until the latter became strong enough to gather their own.

'I can do this too.' Inala smiled. By taking advantage of his Biome Bombs and Perfect Biome Domination, Inala could gather a large number of Keys in a short duration. 'This will be perfect for the Quip Clan.'

They'll remain in hiding while steadily gathering strength through the Comb. Inala would only be bringing them out when necessary, stealthily gathering strength by creating as many Quip Zingers as possible.

With enough Keys in his storage, he could send the Quip Zingers into the Comb, of course after full preparations to ensure they only faced his bodies.

From the peak of the Body Stage, Inala could condense a second body to enter the 2-Life Stage. This second body will be sent into the Comb repeatedly for the Quip Zingers to consume and become Zinger Aristocrats as soon as possible.

With enough Zinger Aristocrats, the population of the Quip Clan will balloon exponentially in a few decades. With that thought in mind, Inala watched the Key fuse into his body as he made his way to the City Lord's house at the centre of the city.

In the Ravaged Federation, every single city was built around an entrance leading into the Comb. According to the memories of the woman, the entrances only appeared on the land. But soon, that will change as Inala planned to create an entrance of his own, hidden deep in the water.

Once he accumulates enough Prana and Lifeforce, Inala will enter the Mystic Grade to create a train of Biome Bombs to layer the ocean floor around the entrance he would be making. The Zingers will remain in hiding here to secretly gather Nectar.

'Soon, I'll figure out the means to achieve it.' Inala smiled as he began to think like the Brimgan Founder to figure out the ins and outs of the Comb's mechanism.



Chapter 599 Extreme Iron Transcendent

﻿﻿Myorc City—City Lord's House!

Inala entered it, surprised to see a lack of security. The Ravaged Federation was a homogeneous society, despite their diversity. Or rather, no two Ravaged Federation cultivators were the same. The sole goal of everyone here was to evolve into a supreme existence, enter the Life Stage, and try to become a Transcendent.

Majority of the people didn't have any materialistic possessions. They ate the Phells for food, lived in simple coral homes, and had minimal utensils. They slept on a stone bed that was covered by a leather carpet created using the skins of the Phell.

When the Ravaged Federation was established, they barred any form of technological development, instead intended to pour all their time, effort, and energy into genetic development. As a result, they were pretty far in this field, having been at it for hundreds of thousands of years.

Gold Ravaged Art!

This was the cultivation technique practiced by everyone in the Ravaged Federation. In terms of functions, it was lacking at best, with its functionality on par with Iron Grade cultivation techniques from the Brimgan Empire.

But the reason it was still a Gold Grade cultivation technique was its foundational objective. Every single Ravaged Tribesman in the Ravaged Federation had different genes, possessing traces of a unique combo of Pranic Beast characteristics.

But they weren't Pranic Beasts but instead Ravaged Tribesmen, falling under the category of Humans. Therefore, to cultivate, a cultivation technique was necessary.

However, it would be impossible to grow if everyone had to create a cultivation technique on their own. Not only was this foolish, but upon every visit to the Comb, the genetic distribution in their body would change, rendering the previous cultivation technique useless.

Hence, by investing all their time and effort during the initial decades of the Ravaged Federation's establishment, they focused on creating a cultivation technique that everyone in the Federation could practice.

Eventually, after a lot of improvements, it became the Gold Ravaged Art. In essence, this cultivation technique had one purpose—to ensure the Ravaged Tribesman could cultivate.

Hence, it was like water, able to occupy the shape of its container. Gold Ravaged Art would treat the body as a container and the various genes as salt deposits. Upon activation, it would cause the Ravaged Tribesman to sweat profusely, generating a mist.

This mist would carry traces of Prana that would then be inhaled into the lungs, causing the Prana to circulate through blood. Every single Pranic Beast gene would be influencing the Prana accordingly. So when the cultivator sweats, this influence is carried through the Prana present as traces in the sweat, and ejected out of the body.

The sweat they produce contains a pigment capable of absorbing Prana when exposed to air. At this moment, they act as a filter against the excess influence being carried by the Prana. Thereby, when the cultivator absorbs the Prana, the strain generated on their body by the influence reduces.

Moreover, when they inhale, this Prana mixes into the fresh blood in the lungs, following which they enter the heart before being supplied to the rest of the body. When the blood enters the heart, the filtered Prana enters the Spirit Container, allowing the Ravaged Tribesman to accumulate it.

Through the Spirit Stage, they follow this process to slowly, but steadily build Spirit Containers. Gold Ravaged Art spikes the healing properties of Prana, further reducing the strain experienced by the body due to the various Pranic Beast genes.

This allows them to continue building their Spirit Container through the Body Stage, able to progress in strength without much problems.

In the Sanrey Plains, the Ravaged Tribe created by the Rockatrice lived a cursed life. Their bodies were severely strained, as a result damping their lifespan. On average, they only lived for a decade or two, despite being Ravaged Tribesmen of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

Gold Ravaged Art worked on reducing the strain on the Ravaged Tribesman to the extreme and allowed them to build up their Spirit Container without losing much lifespan. With its current level of development, a Ravaged Tribesman was able to live close to eighty percent of their source Pranic Beast's lifespan.

It was significantly high, especially since these Ravaged Tribesmen were able to bring out all their Pranic Beast characteristics without straining their human bodies.

This was thanks to the Ravaged Tribe focusing their everything to develop and improve Gold Ravaged Art. They also created a variety of Skills that were capable of exhibiting the characteristics of a compound mix of genes.

A branch of the Ravaged Federation existed solely to modify the existing Skills to suit various Ravaged Tribesmen. They even had competitions where they would modify a Skill to suit a Ravaged Tribesman on the spot.

'It happens every year. And one of the skilled contenders of that competition is the Myore City Lord, Pettenac.' Inala thought as he noticed Pettenac on the ground floor of the house, bowing towards the latter, "Good day."

"Did you have fun?" Pettenac stared at Inala with a knowing smile, "You've been at it with a woman for two whole days even before heading to the Comb."

"Well, I didn't have many opportunities back at home for this." Inala smiled wryly, "Our Tribe has a significantly higher concentration of males."

"Even with your strength, you couldn't find a mate?" Pettenac stared at Inala, scrunching up faintly as he relied upon his ability and experience to perceive the latter's strength, "Among all the cultivators with Silver Grade strength that I've seen to date, you're one of the strongest."

"You're praising me too much," Inala smiled wryly while thinking, 'This old man is relying upon something other than presence to judge my strength. After all, my Biome Bomb should only reveal an average Silver Grade strength.'

The Biome Bomb layering him not only revealed the presence of a Quip Tribesman but also masked his strength to be somewhere around Beginner to Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast's level. He shouldn't appear too strong in this place teeming with powerful cultivators.

Just along his route, Inala observed quite a few Silver Grade cultivators with enough strength to almost be on par with their counterparts at the Brimgan Empire. There might be more monsters present here than in other places due to their significant population.

'Indeed, the strength I feel from him is substantial. He's somehow able to glean into my actual strength.' Inala laughed, "Well, due to my identity, I couldn't select a partner just like that."

Even if Pettenac could see through Inala's disguise, it was merely for a single layer of disguise. Inala had multiple layers, with the deepest layer being his ability to reach the Mystic Grade.

"Are you related to the Royal Zinger?" Pettenac asked after a couple of seconds of silence, making a guess based on the information Inala had revealed until now, "In that case, your situation would make sense."

'It's the easiest to fool smart people.' Thinking as such, Inala expressed momentary shock before letting out a sigh to say, "Yes, she's my older sister."

"The Royal Zinger is a Clansman and not a Pranic Beast?" Pettenac focused on Inala's word choice, expressing mild desire upon seeing the latter nod in response, "Impressive!"

'If I could wholly assimilate his genes into my being, there is a chance I can inherit the Royal Zinger's influence. Maybe there's a possibility I could even enter the Mystic Grade.' Pettenac's heart raced at the thought, 'But, the Comb can't match him with me due to our Grade difference. Then, is that other option my only choice?'

Pettenac hurriedly controlled himself to avoid revealing anything to Inala and instead asked, "It's indeed a boon for the Ravaged Federation to obtain your genes. So, I pray for that woman to get pregnant successfully. And I also hope you survive."

He then whispered, "Though, if I may."

"Yes, City Lord." Inala nodded respectfully, "I'm honoured to hear your advice."

"Good," Pettenac smiled and continued, "When you kill your opponent, don't consume their flesh. Instead, just consume the Nectar. Since your older sister is the Royal Zinger, focus on keeping your genes pure."

"Once your cells become drunk on Nectar, your chances of becoming a Clansman increases sharply. Maybe you can even follow your older sister's footsteps to reach the Mystic Grade." Pettenac patted Inala on the shoulder, "I'm only giving you this information due to your status. You understand, right?"

"Yes, City Lord." Inala nodded respectfully, "I'll survive no matter what and return in one piece."

"Good!" Pettenac nodded and pointed at a flight of stairs descending down, "Head in that way and you'll enter the Comb."

After saying his piece, he returned to stare at the statues of the Eleven Transcendents, especially the Eleventh Transcendent.

His actions puzzled Inala, "Is there any reason you're staring at them, Coty Lord?"

"They are Deities." Pettenac said in reverence, "Every single one of them established a brand-new path to Transcendence. Thanks to them, we have eleven ways to accumulate strength and perfect our cultivation."

"Especially the Eleventh Transcendent," Pettenac's devotion increased in fervour, "He was the most recent to become a Transcendent. And the first to become one in this era."

"In this era…?" Inala began to think, 'In Sumatra's calculation, an era begins with the birth of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Currently, it's the Empyrean Boar King's era, which started two millennia ago. So, this guy became a transcendent immediately after that.'

Similar to how Raaha could communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor, there might be cultivators at the 10-Life Stage in the Sanctuary capable of communicating with the Ravaged Federation Transcendents.

As Transcendents, they were able to keep watch of everything on Sumatra and probably were the ones to disseminate this information to those in the Sanctuary. Following that, the information made its way out of the Comb and into the Ravaged Federation.

"But, how is being the first Transcendent of this era anything special as compared to the other Transcendents?" Inala asked.

"Haha, that was just his introduction. His speciality lies somewhere else." Pettenac patted the feet of the eleventh Transcendent statue, "He's the only cultivator among the eleven to become an Iron Grade Transcendent, despite his accumulations surpassing his Grade."

"IS that…possible?" Inala asked, "If his accumulations surpassed his Grade, he should have evolved into Silver Grade at the very least."

"But he didn't. And that's why he's special." Pettenac grinned in pride, "To date, he holds the record of being the fastest to attain the Transcendence Stage on Sumatra."

"The Extreme Iron Transcendent, Torq!"



Chapter 600 Prana Circuit

﻿﻿Extreme Iron Transcendent, a title given to Torq due to his insane obsession towards remaining at the Iron Grade. Typically, when a Ravaged Tribesman accumulates enough Pranic Beast genes on a qualitative level, they will mutate into a higher Grade.

When this qualitative accumulation is harmonised across the body, mind, and soul to create a functional whole, they'd evolve into a Clansman. Therefore, a Ravaged Tribesman typically focuses on one of the two for development.

The majority focused on increasing their Grade to gain more strength and lifespan. After all, as long as they could enter the Gold Grade, they'd live for at least a millennium. Honestly, many were not even confident in living for that long and not becoming bored with life.

So, that was the typical goal. The ambitious ones rushed to become a Clansman the moment they finished accumulating to a satisfactory extent.

"He was in the Federation two millennia ago, so all records related to him are still intact." Pettenac began to speak, "His gene accumulation had reached the threshold multiple times to spark a mutation. But somehow, he stopped the process and forcefully reined himself to the Iron Grade. He had successfully assimilated enough Pranic Beast genes in him to reach the Gold Grade, but he didn't."

"It didn't even take long once he became a Clansman." Pettenac expressed in excitement, "It only took him nine years to go from the 2-Life Stage to the 10-Life Stage and enter the Transcendence Stage."

"That's amazing!" Inala exclaimed with a star-struck expression, displaying respect for the eleventh statue. Mentally, he was gearing up for a battle, 'This old man is revealing too much information to a newcomer. As I suspected, he wants to influence me through these tales and make me follow the path of the Royal Zinger. And once my gene accumulation attains a certain level, he'd consume me.'

'Too bad, I'm the Royal Zinger.' Inala continued to listen to Pettenac's tales, acting like he was subconsciously influenced by them, saying in the end, "I want to become like him!"

"You can!" Pettenac patted Inala, "I'll help you succeed. You just have to listen to what I tell you. With my experience, you're guaranteed to become a Transcendent."

"Yes, City Lord!" Inala thumped his chest in excitement and rushed towards the flight of stairs, behaving ignorant of Pettenac's true intentions.

The flight of stairs descended for a couple storeys worth before leading into a sectioned room. There was a hole in both sections. The left hole was for entry while the right hole was for exit.

Right as he arrived, a Ravaged Tribesman was ejected out of the exit hole, plopping to the floor as a bloody mess. He was alive but wasn't in a state where he could move properly.

His eyes shot a glare at Inala for a moment before closing as the man focused on healing his injuries. He had some Prana left, so he could recover from his worst injuries first. He could then take time by consuming Phells and generating the Prana necessary to heal the rest.

He was nervous, fearing that Inala would ambush him. After all, he had just consumed Nectar after defeating his opponent in the Comb. The effects of the Nectar were still circulating through his body, so consuming him could benefit Inala.

"You don't need to be nervous." Inala waved his hand casually and jumped into the entry hole. He was interested in observing the Nectar's effect on the man's body. Honestly, trapping him in a Biome Bomb would have allowed him to accumulate data in real time of the changes experienced by the man.

But Inala didn't intend to take action, because he could feel Pettenac's eye on the place. This place was well within the latter's Spirit Weapon range and hence, the moment Inala took action, Pettenac would intervene.

Inala didn't wish to let go of an opportunity to steal Pettenac's data by focusing on an irrelevant character. With Gold Grade strength, and being Myore City's City Lord, not to mention his ability to adjust Skills to suit an individual's needs rapidly, Pettenac was a treasure trove of information.

Inala felt that through Pettenac, he would be able to obtain the clues necessary for his Tertiary Nature. Hence, he didn't take action. Dealing with him was easy, but there would be a lot of chaos when Myore City loses its City Lord.

It would just mess up his plans. Hence, he only planned to deal with this old man once he had carved his own path to the Comb. 'I am getting a lot of ideas just through the data of that one woman.'

The tunnel was similar to the ones in the Guna Caves. As Inala free fell through it, he observed a layer forming on his skin that protected him from friction due to free fall. But it formed atop his skin and not over the Biome Bomb layer.

Between that and the Key only fusing with his body upon physical contact, Inala had an idea, 'This will work. There is a possibility I can safely transport Nectar through my Biome Bomb. But I'll have to experiment and see which Grade of Biome Bomb can safely carry it.'

As he fell for close to three hours, Inala continued to think about everything Pettenac told in regards to Torq, 'There seems to be a way for accumulate genes without mutating. If I can figure it out, I'll have an easier time establishing the four paths in my Quip Clan.'

As long as the four paths were established clearly, his Quip Clansmen would be able to decide on their route from day one and proceed in that direction without wasting any time, energy, and effort. Zinger Guard, Zinger Princess, Zinger Prince, and Zinger Representative; these were the four endpoints for the Quip Clan.

As long as the means to achieve them were laid out fully, the Quip Clansmen would be able to grow without issues. He continued to think about it while observing his surroundings through the Brimgan Founder's knowledge.

Primary Nature—Prana Circuit!

This was the Brimgan Founder's Primary Nature, a formation- type power capable of drawing out the specialities of a terrain, curbing them, enhancing them, etc.

The same can be performed upon living beings too, generating special powers as a result. Prana was transported through a living being's body through blood. Prana Circuit creates a pathway for the flow of Prana, able to emulate the existence of blood without it actually being present in the pathway.

Packets condensed from Prana resembling blood cells flow through the pathways, carrying Prana. These packets were pretty stable, created using Spirit Containers moulded through psychokinesis.

Nodes existed in the circuit, formed by a cluster of Spirit Containers, acting as a hub for Prana to supply in and out from numerous channels. The nodes were established within 180 metres from each other, allowing them to direct Prana flow to each Node as if they were Spirit Weapons.

Prana Circuit uses this simple process to condense, mould, and shape the effects of psychokinesis to unleash a variety of effects. The Brimgan Founder was an individual driven by curiosity.

He had engraved Prana Circuits on the skins of countless Pranic Beasts, making them unleash psychokinesis on the ground to cause them to hover, obviously for them to be erased by the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye soon after.

How fast can it erase someone? Does the erase speed vary between people and Pranic Beasts of various Grades? To what extent can the concept of 'no flight' be extended before the Hidden Eye takes action? This was just one aspect the Brimgan Founder researched in his life.

Though Inala didn't have the Nature of Prana Circuit, he was damn intrigued by it. After all, Prana Circuit had infinite applications, especially for preparatory types like Inala.

If he could use it, Inala was instantly capable of engraving a circuit that allowed him to unleash the Bludder's Eddy Blades, the Shock Lizard's Prana Shock, etc.

All sorts of abilities unleashed through moulding Prana in its empirical form were capable of being generated through Prana Circuit. Best of all, once Inala engraves them on his body, he only needs to pour Prana into them to activate them.

Basically, he could obtain the same capabilities as Yarsha Zahara. Moreover, since he was just pouring Prana into his Prana Circuit to unleash the effect, his activation of the abilities would be faster than Yarsha Zahara.

It didn't end there though. In his hands, its effects would become significantly more pronounced. After all, through his Primary and Secondary Natures, Inala was capable of gathering the data of all sorts of living beings, including information related to their Natures.

With that sort of data in hand, creating Pranic Circuits would be damn simple for him, unlike the Brimgan Founder who had to research significantly and create one through repeated trial and error.

Best of all, there was one possibility that made him crave it, especially due to the significance and the possibilities it would open up for him.

Through the Nature of Prana Circuit, Inala would be capable of unleashing the Millinger's Secondary Nature of Inhibition Dome. That would be an absolute game-changer. And it was just one of the thousands of possibilities.

Inala's Prana had the same effects as his Primary Nature. So, when this attributed Prana flows through the Prana Circuit, the generated power would be on a whole other level. "I'm just getting greedy at this point."

Shaking his head followed by a helpless chuckle, Inala halted his distracting thoughts and instead observed the tunnel through the principles established by the Brimgan Founder atop Prana Circuit. It was through this that he figured out the means to turn the Northern Lakes and Southern Veins into the Brimgan Empire of today.

The tunnel approached a node and branched into one of the thousands leading from it as Inala began to gain insight into the place, 'The selection process has begun. Now, the Comb will match me with a suitable Ravaged Tribesman to fight. It always creates a match with a 50 percent chance of victory for both parties.'

'But, will it sense my Silver Grade strength as the Royal Zinger or the Silver Grade strength I'm emitting as a Quip Tribesman? Or, would it see through my abilities and judge based on my full power?' Inala thought and touched his two Mystic Grade Biome Bombs. If necessary, by absorbing the Prana and Lifespan stored in them, he could elevate himself to the Mystic Grade.

Even Brangara, using twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity failed to kill his Mystic Royal Zinger form. So, Inala wasn't afraid of challenging the arrangements of an Influenced Region. Worst comes to worst; he could carve his way out.

Soon, the tunnel reached its end, pointing at the ceiling of a hexagon-shaped chamber. The ceiling was a filament, appearing similar to the gate of the Attributed Region, but was made out of compressed air instead.

As he had the key, Inala was able to gain entry, barely feeling a mild breeze as his figure landed in the hexagon chamber, noticing a well-built middle-aged man land forty metres away from him.

'I see, so that's what the Comb used to make a judgement.' Inala thought as he stared at his opponent, sweating in response, "This will be tricky."



