Chapter 221 Capital City: Breached

The canon was pretty much a Sumatra Zinger but could shoot ten times in total, created using the bodies of ten Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

As Inala activated it, a strong wind was generated as the canon began to suck in air. As ten pairs of lungs were sucking in air, the generated force of suction was very strong, enough to cause a drop in pressure within the basement.

Thankfully, Inala kept the windows of the house open, hence there was enough influx of air. While the canon was charging up, the group of Empyrean Zingers brought a second canon, followed by a third, a fourth, and so on.

While he was digging, Inala created a bunch of Life Bombs and gave them to the Empyrean Zingers that he had created previously. Their task was to hatch these Life Bombs.

It took a Life Bomb anywhere from twenty to third Slump Lizards' worth of Prana to hatch. Therefore, there was a lot of work to be done for them to hatch. Since Inala didn't have the time to go around on his own, he delegated the task to the Empyrean Zingers.

From time to time, they would bring in some Prana Bombs for Inala to replenish his Prana. He would then create a bunch of Life Bombs for them.

In this way, while he was digging a tunnel, work was happening in the background. Once the population of Empyrean Zingers increased and hit the three digits, Inala began the refinement plan.

By encasing an Empyrean Zinger Scout in a Prana Bomb, Inala shot it using a Sumatra Zinger. Once the Prana Bomb reached its peak altitude, it shattered. From there, the Empyrean Zinger Scout glided towards the Rooster Tribe Settlement, shrieking upon coming in range of the settlement to alert the Empyrean Zinger King.

There was a Bone Slip carried by the scout, containing all the information that the Empyrean Zinger King needed to know.

The Empyrean Zinger King then set off from the Rooster Tribe Settlement and made its way to Ellora City, gathering a good fraction of the newly hatched Empyrean Zingers along the way.

Arriving at the Parute Tree farm, it harvested a bunch of Parute Fruits and fed them, forcefully raising their Prana Values. But as their bodies hadn't matured, the Spirit Containers were unstable.

These Empyrean Zinger Scouts became unfit for battle. But that wasn't their purpose, as the Empyrean Zinger King refined them, following the new Skill Inala had given it through the Bone Slip. Through it, the Empyrean Zinger King created canons.

After a canon was completed, it handed them to an Empyrean Zinger Scout who carried it to the tunnel that Inala was digging.

From fifteen hours left for the endgame, fourteen, thirteen, time continued to pass steadily. During this time, the number of canons in Inala's possession continued to increase.

When there were just two hours left, the screeches from the female Centingers reverberated throughout the city, causing the people to tremble in response.

"Something is amiss!" Fhoong Brimgan became tense as immediately, he recalled all his bodies, fusing them into a singular unit. He stared at the two male Millingers that stopped attacking, flustered upon seeing them fight each other, "What is happening?"

"Kukuooo-Kieeee!" The eight female Millingers raised battle cries as the two male Millingers fought each other. As long as only one of them survived, the points didn't matter.

Since the situation had come to this point, they decided this was the only way to conclude. After all, the two of them had only been targeting Fhoong Brimgan. Therefore, their points were exactly zero.

Since that was the case, they could fight each other to determine a winner. The female Millingers would then assist the winner in killing Fhoong Brimgan.

As for the male Centingers, there were close to sixty of them that were still alive. They couldn't engage in a battle royale as their points varied. Hence, they rushed to the city, intending to engage in close combat. The sole male that survives would emerge victorious.

There was one hour left as the cries from the female Centingers became too loud. The soldiers felt searing headaches, unable to bear it. The ears of weaker cultivators bled in response.

After all, over three hundred female Centingers were crying at their loudest. The resultant sounds generated shockwaves, reaching on par with an Empyrean Tusk's cries.

"Everyone! Brace for impact!" Fhoong Brimgan shouted and sent a chakram flying forward, unleashing his strongest attack to date, targeting the rushing Centingers.

But immediately in response, a stream of spikes slammed into his chakram and melted it into a puddle. The two male Millingers and the eight female Millingers had targeted him at the same time, unwilling to see him kill the Centingers needlessly.

"Shit!" Fhoong Brimgan became flustered, seeing the eight female Millingers make a move, approaching him. He was the strongest target that they had registered. Hence, their first order of business was to destroy him.

Boom!

Suddenly, there was a rumbling sound akin to a thunderclap from the rearmost corner of the city.

"What's happening now?" Fhoong Brimgan turned around in shock, observing more than two hundred projectiles flash past him at speeds breaking through the sound barrier.

All of them slammed into the weaker male Millinger, taking the opportunity to target it right as its centipede upper body was entangled with the stronger male Millinger.

"Screee!" The weaker male Millinger roared in pain, unable to gather its strength fast enough to activate its Primary Nature as the over two hundred Life Bombs slammed into it.

In a matter of seconds, a decent portion of them absorbed enough Prana to hatch. As these Life Bombs absorbed and hatched using a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's Prana, the resultant was the birth of Empyrean Zinger Commanders, those whose strength was inferior only to the Empyrean Zinger King.

Thirty-six Empyrean Zinger Commanders had hatched successfully, emptying the Millinger of all its Prana. Using the opportunity, a large Prana Bomb slammed into the Millinger and shattered, revealing a group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

These scouts poured all their Prana into the Millinger's body and activated the ability imparted to them by Inala.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"Kurkuuu!" The weaker male Millinger shouted in pain, unable to move as suddenly, all the Empyrean Zinger Commanders became heavy and weighed it down. Blood spurted out of its orifices as it couldn't even free itself.

The other male Millinger didn't come to its rescue. Rather, this was a good opportunity, since it judged its opponent would be killed by these new enemies.

But since the targets were only weak Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, the male Millinger didn't target them. Rather, from the beginning, its target was Fhoong Brimgan.

Killing him would net it more points than whatever one could obtain from eradicating the entire Ganrimb Kingdom. He was that superior of an existence.

Hence, the male Millinger broke free of the entanglement and unleashed its Prana. Suddenly, all the Life Bombs that couldn't hatch flew up and were sucked into its mouth.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

The shells melted as the Prana-rich fluid inside flowed down its throat, allowing the Millinger to quickly recover a good amount of Prana. It took advantage of the situation to make a recovery.

"Fuoohh!" It exhaled softly before the Prana billowing out of it spiked and slammed into Fhoong Brimgan, causing him to grow weaker in response. It had used its ultimate technique to modify its Inhibition Dome into an ability that would exclusively target an individual.

Its actions prevented Fhoong Brimgan from controlling his chakrams. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the male Millinger broke past the walls and rushed into the city.



Chapter 222 Flees and Hides, but Strikes in the End

"Kriekk!"

There was a shout from an Empyrean Zinger Commander. Upon hearing it, Inala connected to two canons and shot twenty Life Bombs—the ones capable of birthing a queen.

These twenty Life Bombs slammed into the weaker male Millinger that was on the verge of death and rapidly absorbed its Lifeforce.

"Kriek!" A couple of minutes later, the Empyrean Zinger Commander signalled the success of their operation. Carrying the Life Bombs filled with Prana, they fled the scene, burrowing underneath the Millinger's corpse.

This way, they avoided attacks from the two battling sides. And in their miniature forms, they could squeeze underground by digging narrow tunnels.

Inala could return later to the scene and collect this Millinger's skull counterpart. The Empyrean Extraction Prime Skull was a success.

"This ability…" Fhoong Brimgan recognised the Empyrean Zingers as he turned around and stared in the direction of the attack, muttering, "Inala!"

"He escaped from prison." Even though he wished to capture Inala immediately, he couldn't do so once the Inhibition Dome slammed into him, causing him to lose control over his chakram.

"This is getting troublesome." He cursed in response and kicked the ground, leaping forty metres away as he escaped the Inhibition Dome's range. Immediately after, he regained control over his chakram, causing it to unleash blade beams towards the female Millingers.

Tut! Tut! Tut!

The male Millinger had closed in on him, focusing its Inhibition Dome on him, forcing him to remain on the evasive.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

Fhoong Brimgan transformed into an eight-metre-tall golden giant as six chakrams hovered behind him. They merged into a single entity and expanded to a diameter of ten metres, emanating a dense pressure.

Boom!

In a second, it unleashed a dozen blade beams, causing a large gash to form on the male Millinger's carapace. Blood spurted out like a fountain as the Millinger was momentarily stunned, wondering if this was the same enemy it had been fighting all along.

Once Fhoong Brimgan stacked all his six bodies into a singular entity and unleashed his combined power, he was on a whole other level.

Sounds akin to lava bubbling resounded as the air surrounding the chakram got ionised, releasing arm-sized bolts of lightning everywhere, rupturing the region.

Suddenly, there was a flash of light before all the bolts of lightning were focused as a stream onto the male Millinger, melting the carapace covering most of its body.

"This is the true might of a Brimgan Royalty." Inala expressed admiration as he retreated into the tunnel. His canons exploded after unleashing an attack once, since they were created using newly hatched Empyrean Zinger Scouts whose Prana levels were forcefully elevated using Parute Fruits.

They were dangerously unstable and only lasted for a single volley of attacks. Following that, they crumbled. Since he used up most of what he prepared, Inala intended to retreat temporarily. He left behind some Empyrean Zinger Scouts to keep watch on the battle and report to him at regular intervals while he hid deep within the ground.

Fhoong Brimgan's might terrified him. The extent of strength vastly surpassed the Settlement Leaders of the Mammoth Clan like Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk.

The fact that a Gold Grade Pranic Beast couldn't even scratch him spoke volumes of his strength. And this was despite him being only at the 6-Life Stage.

There would be even more terrifying powerhouses in the Brimgan Empire. 'And they'll be the Mammoth Clan's enemies when we fight for the Attribute!'

No matter what, to reduce the Mammoth Clan's damage sustained during the fight for the Attribute, Fhoong Brimgan's skull was a necessity.

Lightning struck while thunderous roars rumbled the earth as nine Millingers fought against Fhoong Brimgan, decimating part of the Capital City.

Time was up as the female Centingers took part. Adding onto the sixty male Centingers, the over three hundred female Centingers unleashed their artillery strike at the same time.

Hundreds of thousands of spikes struck the Capital City, destroying everything in their path. The soldiers? They were shredded apart, unable to even squeak an ounce of resistance.

The sole survivors were the cultivators at the Life Stage. They too were killed. But after dropping a level, they revived, beginning their retaliation as they charged towards the Centingers, intending to engage in close combat. That way, the Centingers wouldn't be able to unleash an artillery strike, since that would cause friendly fire.

Drip! Drip!

Anger billowed out of Fhoong Brimgan as he observed his melting Spirit Weapon. Constantly tanking the artillery strikes of nine Millingers was beyond his limit. He turned around and stared in a daze, watching innumerous spikes slam into the city and melt through everything in their path.

His side simply didn't have enough strong people to defend against the unceasing artillery strikes. A single volley of artillery strike later, Ganrimb Kingdom Capital City was in ruins, "It's over."

"My life's hard work is down the drain."

He couldn't even protect his family who were hiding in a shelter under the palace. A rain of spikes targeted the region, constantly bombarding it.

He sent a chakram there, only to see it targeted by a stream of spikes from the nine Millingers. To defend his people, he was forced to tank the attacks, which only resulted in the melting of his Spirit Weapons.

"Hah," He exhaled in disappointment, "Fleeing is my only choice now."

The Ganrimb Kingdom was done for. But as long as he was alive, he could create another Kingdom, especially since he still retained all his strength. At the 6-Life Stage, he had enough strength to roam through Sumatra Continent without worries.

With that in mind, Fhoong Brimgan rushed out, intending to flee. Unfortunately for him, the ground turned into a sludge, making it hard to run.

He only hesitated before splitting his body into two. One body remained on the ground and created its chakram that carried Fhoong Brimgan at the 5-Life Stage—a singular unit stacked with five bodies.

The chakram moved rapidly, intending to transport the 5-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan far away, following which he could flee on foot.

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

The male Millinger condensed its Secondary Nature's power and unleashed it in the form of a cone, extending it farther than the range in its dome form.

The tip of the cone accurately touched the path through which the energy tentacle of Prana carrying the chakram flowed, ending up severing it.

The chakram lost its strength and dropped to the ground, failing to carry the 5-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan out of the sludge ground.

Two Millingers ganged up on the 1-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan, bringing him to the verge of death. The rest had surrounded the 5-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan, displaying no intention of letting him escape.

"Fine!" He roared in anger, "I'll take as many of you bastards down with me as I can!"

A bloody battle erupted between the two parties. A few minutes passed in such a fashion when suddenly, grey sand began to sprinkle down from the skies, targeting the battleground between the 1-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan and two female Millingers.

A group of Empyrean Zingers crawled towards them stealthily, hidden underneath a layer of grey sand that had been transported from the Sandy-Grey Void.



Chapter 223 Fhoong Brimgan Skull

Flying at an altitude a kilometre high in their miniature forms were Empyrean Zinger Scouts. Opening their mouths, they hurled all the grey sand stored in their stomachs that had been turned into biomes.

As a result, the grey sand trickled down to the ground like snow, gradually accumulating over time. On one side of the battlefield was Inala, holding ten Sumatra Zingers. He was positioned ten kilometres away from the battlefield, hidden behind a tree.

Right underneath him was a tunnel in which he could jump into and escape when necessary. He encased the Empyrean Zinger Scouts—in miniature forms—in Prana Bombs and shot them using his Sumatra Zingers, one shot every minute.

After reaching its vertical peak, the Prana Bomb would shatter, from which the Empyrean Zinger would glide forward. And once it arrived overhead the battlefield, it would vomit out all the contents of its stomach.

There was a batch of Empyrean Zingers constantly transporting grey sand to Inala from the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

After vomiting out all the grey sand in their biomes, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts would proceed to glide forward for another ten kilometres before landing beside the Empyrean Zinger King.

They would consume a Prana Bomb to replenish their Prana reserves. Once full, they would turn their stomachs into biomes and store the grey sand in them. Following that, the Empyrean Zinger King would launch them into the sky using the Sumatra Zingers in its possession.

This way, Inala and the Empyrean Zinger King volleyed the Empyrean Zinger Scouts between each other, causing grey sand to rain down upon the battlefield.

Of course, the grey sand was treacherous in nature. By the third or fourth volley, the biomes in the Empyrean Zinger Scouts would collapse as the grey sand would consume them from within. And once the biomes shatter, the stored grey sand would billow out like a blizzard.

Upon seeing the grey sand fall on it, a female Millinger became nervous. After all, upon piling over its body, the grey sand was gradually eating away at its carapace. As the ground became more and more covered by the grey sand, it was dangerous to even set foot there.

After all, its flesh, blood, and Prana were pretty much fuel for the grey sand to grow further.

An hour since Inala began pouring the grey sand on the battlefield, he had poured at least four to five thousand kilograms of it. But if he were to scoop all the grey sand on the battlefield, the resultant quantity would be a couple hundred kilograms heavier.

It was because the grey sand was assimilating the normal soil to spread around. Only a madman would try to use it, because if left unchecked, the grey sand would spread around and eventually transform the entire region into the Sandy-Grey Void.

There existed distinct rules governing Sumatra Continent that prevented the Sandy-Grey Void bordering it from corroding the land within. Similarly, the Mudropper's Primary Nature allowed it to control and regulate the spread of the Sandy-Grey Void region.

Inala was taking on a serious gamble here. If he were to become careless for even the slightest, he would be shooting himself in the foot as this entire region would turn into the Sandy-Grey Void.

The falling grey sand alerted the Millingers, giving them pressure. They expanded their senses and observed the Empyrean Zingers gliding in the skies and creeping towards them from within the grey sand.

They immediately unleashed an artillery strike to get rid of all the meddlesome creatures.

Inala and the Empyrean Zinger King were waiting for this moment. Upon seeing the Millingers take action, they retreated into the tunnels and sealed the entrance. They left behind the Empyrean Zinger Scouts along with puppets of each other.

"Kurararara!" A Millinger unleashed a command. In response, fifty female Centingers roamed the region and eradicated all the Empyrean Zinger Scouts. This was done only to give them the false idea that all enemies had been killed.

The Inala puppet and the Empyrean Zinger King puppet resisted a little and were killed eventually, giving a satisfactory conclusion to the Centingers' hunt.

Four female Centingers approached the Rooster Tribe Settlement and killed the Slump Lizards in the vicinity. As for the refugees within? They had been vacated into the tunnels that were beyond the sensory range of the Centingers. No traces of their existence were left behind.

Except for the small group of Life Stage cultivators, everyone else in the Capital City had been killed. Hence, the Centingers dispersed throughout the region to eliminate any other creature that moved.

All Slump Lizards in the region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring had been rounded up and eliminated. Once that was done, they focused on the remainder of the targets in the Capital City area. In a matter of hours, all Life Stage cultivators were killed.

Any survivors in the shelters were discovered and eliminated. Now, Fhoong Brimgan was the sole survivor. But since he was the target of the Millingers, the hunt for the Centingers had concluded.

The females tallied the points and ganged upon the victor to begin the mating session. The remaining male Centingers screeched in frustration and vented by destroying the environment, reducing large swathes of the surrounding forests to mere molten puddles.

The 1-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan was in a bloody state, having expended all his Prana. His Spirit Weapon shattered, rendering him helpless, "Fuck!"

But right at this time, the ground underneath him exploded, causing a column of grey sand to gush out like a geyser, stunning him. The column was cylindrical in shape, surrounding Fhoong Brimgan, keeping the centre vacant. This was like a shield that prevented the two female Millingers from seeing or sensing his state momentarily.

"You…bastard!" Fhoong Brimgan cursed in anger upon seeing Inala and the Empyrean Zinger King leap out from the column of grey sand and slam Prana Bombs into his body, bombarding him with the attacks.

"Let's not waste time, shall we?" Inala activated his Secondary Nature to the limit to make his body as strong as possible. He grabbed Fhoong Brimgan by the neck and choked the exhausted latter.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"I'll kill you!" Fhoong Brimgan cursed as his brain melted, flooding out of his orifices.

Inala grabbed his skull and jumped into the hole in the ground. The Empyrean Zinger King crushed a Prana Bomb from which grey sand spilled out like a tsunami and flooded the region, covering their traces.

The two female Millingers facing the 1-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan leaped back in a fluster upon seeing the grey sand column. The column collapsed ten seconds later, having formed a large pile, reaching a height of a hundred metres, resembling a mini hill.

They dug through the hill and eventually found Fhoong Brimgan's corpse, noticing more than half his body had already been assimilated by the grey sand. But they didn't bother with it, since their concern was only his death.

Since he had died, they targeted the 5-Life Stage Fhoong Brimgan who was currently spewing expletives about Inala, cursing his eighteen generations.



Chapter 224 Mating Season Ends

The Sandy-Grey Void was a mysterious place. No Pranic Beast ever dared to set foot within it, as their understanding of the region was an absolute zero.

Therefore, when the column of grey sand exploded from the ground, the Millingers didn't question it, instead assuming that the grey sand was turning the region unstable.

The Millingers cursed the Empyrean Zingers that caused this situation. But since they had already eliminated the troublemakers, there wasn't much they could do about it.

They only intended to hurry up and complete their mating session before returning to their habitat in the Red-Draft River.

Unlike the Centingers, the Millingers still had enough time. There were only eight female Millingers. And even if they take turns, they still have sufficient time to accumulate enough of the male Millinger's seed multiple times.

It was hard for a Millinger to conceive a child. The success rate was abysmal. If even one of the eight were to conceive a baby, this mating session could be considered a major success.

As Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, Millingers had a long lifespan. So, they had plenty of mating seasons to go through.

The eight female Millingers simply took on support and suppression roles, ensuring Fhoong Brimgan wouldn't escape from their encirclement. The male Millinger took charge of the actual fighting.

By now, all six of Fhoong Brimgan's Spirit Weapons had been destroyed, rendering him helpless. He created a Spirit Weapon and fought, but unlike the ones he refined for centuries, the newly created Spirit Weapons shattered upon a single attack.

Facing the artillery strikes of Millingers wasn't feasible for a Spirit Weapon that hadn't been refined extensively.

Steadily, Fhoong Brimgan kept losing control of the battle, unable to even flee. He couldn't do anything else, for nine Gold Grade Pranic Beasts targeted him. Escape was impossible.

Unlike Inala who had been registered as dead in the minds of the Millingers, Fhoong Brimgan was still alive. And he was their primary target. Hence, there was no way he could slip even a single body away.

Five, four, three, two…Body Stage; Fhoong Brimgan died one after another once his Prana was expended. And soon, his final body was shredded apart by the male Millinger's mandibles.

It crushed his body and swallowed it, unleashing a victorious shriek that excited the female Millingers. They pounced upon the male Millinger and began to mate vigorously, causing the ground to quake in response.

Inala kept watch from the peak of a hill thirty kilometres away, barely able to make out the figures of the Millingers that registered in his sight as tiny dots. If not for his enhanced sight thanks to the Empyrean Zinger's power, he wouldn't have been able to see that far.

The mating season soon ended as the group of Centingers and Millingers left the region. Immediately in response, water began to fill up the Angan River.

"Go, go, go!" Inala said in a hurry as he rushed towards the Capital City region alongside the Empyrean Zinger King, 36 Empyrean Zinger Commanders, and almost a hundred Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

The grey sand had crept upon a quarter of the capital city, "Transport it out!"

They hurriedly packed the grey sand in Prana Bombs after bending the space within to store as much as possible. Inala launched them all into the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

A day later, he slumped at the bottom of a large crater, exhausted, "It's done!"

He finished transporting all the grey sand, ensuring the region wouldn't be destroyed any further. If not for this grey sand, the Centinger colony wouldn't have left in such a hurry.

Had they been casual in their retreat, there was a solid chance the Millingers could sense the refugees hiding in the tunnels underneath the Rooster Tribe settlement. They had superior senses as compared to Centingers.

The grey sand was a necessity to hide traces of his actions. After all, the corpses of his puppet and the Empyrean Zinger King's puppet were quickly swallowed by the grey sand, hence not giving the Millingers any opportunity to investigate and discover the truth.

The Angan River's recovery was a sign for the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts hiding in the region to resume activity.

The darkness in one region of the Sandy-Grey Void parted open, creating a path for the Boutique Lizard to walk out from its hiding spot.

Upon arriving at land, carrying its Ravaged Tribesmen on its back, it was surprised to see two thousand Free Humans standing before it, led by an armoured entity. It didn't take long for the Boutique Lizard to understand the situation at play.

The sole surviving Free Humans in this region were now at the Rooster Tribe Settlement, numbering forty thousand. The only way for the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to replenish the numbers of their Ravaged Tribes was through them.

Therefore, conflict was unavoidable.

The Boutique Lizard was the one responsible for laying the eggs that hatched Slump Lizards. These Slump Lizards formed the bottom of the food chain of this region and were the primary reason for the region's stable functioning.

Without their existence, a large amount of Pranic Beasts from the Red-Draft River would invade the Angan River.

The Carcass Snail's power controlled the Slump Lizards and kept them fed, allowing them to do their thing and maintain the region.

The Rooted Clam's power created a boundary in the Angan River, the primary reason why the Slump Lizards never left the Angan River. It was also the reason behind the Slump Lizards' nocturnal nature.

And finally, there was the Mudropper, the most important of them all, the only reason the Sandy-Grey Void ring was stably maintained in the region and allowed it to survive in the dangerous wilds of Sumatra Continent.

All four of them were vital for the region's continued existence. Hence, having conflicts with them was dangerous. The Rockatrice acted as the predator to keep the population of the Slump Lizards in check.

Inala killed it and took its role. With his capabilities, he could replace it. This way, he ensured the formulae running in the region wouldn't be hindered.

The two thousand people were meant as bribe for the Boutique Lizard. Through them, it could replenish its Ravaged Tribe and wouldn't feel the need to target the people under Inala's protection.

Moreover, there were too many Silver Grade Pranic Beasts on Inala's side, too terrifying to fight against. So, it no longer felt the need to target the latter's people. This was a compromise between both sides.

Two thousand Free Humans were sent to each of the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, ensuring they wouldn't harbour any dissatisfaction.

And now, it was time for Inala's Ravaged Tribe to come into existence.



Chapter 225 Pushing Forth Inala’s Narrative

Four hours before two thousand Free Humans were transported to each Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

Having finished transporting the grey sand to the Sandy-Grey Void ring, Inala and his group of Empyrean Zingers finished cleaning up all traces of the grey sand in the region.

He arrived at the corpse of the dead Millinger and fished its skull counterpart, one created through the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill. Having used it enough times, Inala's proficiency with it had improved by leaps and bounds.

It allowed him to understand the Prime Skill's efficiency in function. It wasn't a necessity to keep the target alive for all its data to be inscribed into its skull.

The Prime Skill could also be applied upon a dead target. But there were some issues here. Once the body dies, the brain remains alive for a short duration.

As long as Empyrean Extraction was activated in this window, data regarding the target could be extracted. But the more its activation is delayed post the target's death, the lower the efficiency. This is because of the brain's degradation.

The obtained data might be corrupted, with large parts of it missing. And depending on the delay, the corrupted and missing parts would only increase. Finally, once the brain dies, using Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill wouldn't gather any of the target's data on its skull.

Therefore, it couldn't be used on corpses.

Ideally, Inala wanted the data of a female Millinger too, but he couldn't risk everything for that. None of the female Millingers were close to death by the time Fhoong Brimgan's final body was killed.

Therefore, Inala had no means to kill one of them.

Also, trying to harm one in that situation would simply reveal his existence. If they were to set him as a target to hunt, Inala's life would be forfeit. Even Fhoong Brimgan was nothing in the face of nine Millingers.

Inala, as a Body Stage fledgeling would barely be enough as dirt under their feet. With their bad matchup in abilities, he wouldn't be able to do anything.

Even against a Centinger, he needed to exercise utmost caution. Because, a direct hit from its artillery strike, and he would collapse as a leather sack. The fact that he managed to survive through this and even bagged the data of a male Millinger was a tremendous achievement.

Oftentimes, greed became one's downfall. Hence, he didn't push his luck and became satisfied with what he had obtained.

The Empyrean Zinger King carefully carried the skull counterpart of the male Millinger while Inala touched the Millinger corpse before him and activated Mystic Bone Art.

The bones of the Millinger turned into fluid and slowly flowed out. He carefully collected it into a large sphere, observing it in praise, "This is very tough. As expected of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's skeleton. I can transform this into the vehicle that would take me to Asaeya."

By creating a vehicle using a Millinger's skeleton, Inala would be very safe travelling within. There were three Millinger corpses in total. He carefully extracted their skeleton and condensed them into a large piece of bone.

During this time, the Empyrean Zinger Commanders condensed the skeletons of all the Centingers. There were plenty of casualties on their side.

Finally, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts visited the cities and extracted the bones of all human cultivators, segregating them based on their cultivation. Not many bones remained intact in terms of ratio. But as a whole, there was a large population of people whose bones weren't melted by an artillery strike.

They were all collected and condensed into large pieces according to their quality. The same also applied to the Slump Lizards.

Currently, not a single Slump Lizard was alive in the region, entirely eradicated by the Centingers. Therefore, not many of their skeletons remained intact enough to be collected by the Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Under Inala's orders, all bone clusters were transported to Ellora City.

After carefully storing the Millinger's skull counterpart, Inala accompanied the Empyrean Zinger King and returned to the Rooster Tribe Settlement, having put on their armoured disguises.

He entered the settlement and let out a shriek. In response, two armoured individuals walked out of the tunnel, leading the people hiding there.

The armoured individuals bowed to Inala and stood at the very back, allowing the people to pour into the settlement.

Inala waited patiently as the people gathered before him. Once all forty thousand Free Humans were there, he announced aloud, "The mating season of the Centingers has just concluded. Fhoong Brimgan lost his life hours ago. He was the last of your Kingdom to die. Hence,"

He stared at them, pausing for dramatic effect before shouting, "You're the sole survivors."

"And here's the situation." He said in seriousness, "What happened this time was an unfortunate twist of fate. But this region is by far the safest in Sumatra Continent. And that's thanks to the hard work of four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts who maintained diplomatic ties with Fhoong Brimgan."

"What is he talking about?"

"Diplomatic ties? With Pranic Beasts?"

"It feels absurd!"

"No need to worry," Inala waved casually and snapped his fingers crisply, causing two armoured figures to walk in from the settlement's unsealed entrance and drop a thick scroll on the floor. "One of you curious ones, open the scroll."

The scroll was heavy, weighing at least thirty kilograms. It caused a loud thud when it slammed on the ground, raising a faint dust cloud, and causing people to retreat from it instinctively.

"Let me," An old man responded to Inala's words, one of the people who came to subconsciously rely on him, treating Inala as his spiritual pillar.

The old man unfurled the scroll with difficulty, for a moment feeling his head spin at the fine print written on it with grandeur, detailing lines upon lines of information, too complex for an unscholarly person to make sense of.

But what he, along with the rest of the people could feel was the dense Prana radiating off the scroll. The old man fully unfurled the scroll, watching it span a length of ten metres. At distinct segments along the scroll were footprints of various Pranic Beasts, numbering four in total.

"This is the agreement between the four Pranic Beasts and the Ganrimb Kingdom's King, Fhoong Brimgan. The Prana waves you're sensing are from the involved parties. As for the details of the diplomatic agreement, you can read the document fully and make sense of it yourself." Saying so, Inala took a seat on a nearby boulder and turned silent.

One of the refugees with greater academic qualifications took the initiative to read the scroll. Detailed in the scroll were the functions of the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts—Carcass Snail, Rooted Clam, Mudropper, and Boutique Lizard.

The scroll detailed their involvement in ensuring the region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring remained peaceful for close to eight centuries. It also showed how both the Kingdom and the four Pranic Beasts intended to cooperate for mutual benefit and growth.

There was no such agreement originally. It was simply a tacit understanding between both parties. Inala simply created this scroll to fool the people into believing the narrative he wished to feed them next.

After accessing Fhoong Brimgan's data, he created a scroll using the same techniques that the Ganrimb Kingdom Royalty employed for confidential documents. As the data regarding its manufacturing was stolen from the individual maintaining the highest seat of pecking order in the region, the level of the document was the highest.

Mixed among the refugees were scions hailing from noble families. When these people observed the scroll, they verified its legitimacy. It was why the rest of the people gobbled up the information readily.

The highlight of the scroll was the final line. Upon reading it, the people stared at Inala with hopeful gazes.



Chapter 226 Trickery, Deceit, Cooperation

The Ganrimb Kingdom was an offshoot that had split off from the Brimgan Empire. When Fhoong Brimgan lost the fight for the throne, he and his supporters fled the Empire.

They then founded the Ganrimb Kingdom, taking advantage of the region's sense of safety. To ensure they remained safe, Fhoong Brimgan captured four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and used them to forge the region as it is today.

The Ganrimb Kingdom had invested heavily into the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, reaping endless benefits. Of course, without their support, the region's stability would collapse within a year, causing the dangerous hordes of Pranic Beasts from beyond the border to flood in.

The scroll talked about it in detail. Of course, Fhoong Brimgan was an ambitious individual. He wasn't content with simply surviving. He wanted to excel. And the last line of the scroll quoted his ambitions.

[The Ganrimb Kingdom, rooted in the Sanrey Plains, with the aid of four of Sumatra's most unique Pranic Beasts, acting as its pillars, will evolve into an Empire surpassing my homeland, the Brimgan Empire!]

"Do you wish to continue and succeed in his legacy?" Inala shouted, raising the fighting spirit of the people, "Do you wish to go from commoners to the strongest of cultivators?"

"I now possess the Ganrimb King's legacy, once maintained exclusively by its Royal Family." He continued, sparking their desires, "If you want, ask for it! And I shall bestow it upon you!"

"The ultimate power! The ultimate path to reach the peak! The ultimate evolution secretly developed by Fhoong Brimgan!"

"I do…" A hot-blooded youth deprived of opportunities throughout life due to his commoner status shouted, "I want power!"

"Louder!" Inala roared, "Do you want it?"

"I do!" Many people shouted next.

"Say it clearly!" Inala's voice reverberated like a thunderclap, "What do you want?"

"Power!" The people roared.

"Again!" Inala shouted.

"Power!" Everyone echoed.

"Again!"

"Power!"

"Good!" Inala praised aloud and spat out a Prana Bomb that expanded in size and shattered, revealing a large needle dangling from a stand. Placed at the bottom of the stand were five cubes, labelled Mollusc, Pearl, Ropper, Guardian, and finally, Quip.

He pointed at the closest person, beckoning the boy to come forward and stand on the dais before the needle, "This is a Divination Artifact refined by Fhoong Brimgan for five centuries. It will display one's affinity for the five evolutionary paths he had prepared."

"Stand here," He motioned for the boy to stand on the dais and explained, "The arrow will point you towards the path you have the greatest affinity towards."

"W-What if it doesn't?" The boy asked, meek. He lacked self-confidence, having neither achieved much in life nor had the talents to do so.

"It will, don't worry." Inala grinned and pointed at the scroll, "Remember the detail about the Carcass Snail's Primary Nature, Shell Moss?"

"Yes," The meek boy nodded.

"Shell Moss is the primary food of the Slump Lizards. It can affect the body of the consumers and make changes according to its desire." Inala's words next caused a wave of realisation amongst the people, "Remember that it has been releasing Shell Moss in the Angan River from the beginning. And generation after generation, everyone here has been consuming that water."

"Your bodies have already evolved to meet the requirements." He concluded. It was pure bullshit, since all cities had their respective water reservoirs where the Royalty treated the water, ensuring the effects of Shell Moss wouldn't reach the common populace.

Inala simply twisted the facts to suit his narrative. Normally, this wouldn't have worked. But the mental state of the refugees was anything but functional. They were under severe stress due to the fall of their Kingdom.

Hence, even if any doubts formed in them, their minds subconsciously suppressed them all, wishing to believe whatever Inala said to them, as he was the sole reason they were alive.

The meek boy ate up Inala's statement religiously as he stared at the needle anxiously. A couple of seconds later, the needle pointed at the word Pearl.

"Pearl Path," Inala pointed the meek boy to stand at a designated spot and shouted, "Next!"

One after another, the people climbed the dais as the needle pointed at a path for them. Well, it was merely a play, a believable one under the direction of the Theatre Master.

The needle was created using bone and coated with some Haddlyok he had gathered. He was controlling it as his Spirit Weapon, making decisions according to his personal bias. What was the bias you ask?

Primary Nature—Royalty!

The moment he thought of creating a Ravaged Tribe, his Primary Nature had become excited, influencing him accordingly. As a result, his heart was constantly thumping in excitement, as if a child opening his birthday present.

Hence, he simply made decisions based on how his Primary Nature reacted. If he felt strongly towards a refugee, he designated them as part of the Quip Path, which pretty much implied his Ravaged Tribe.

The remainder were pretty evenly distributed amongst the remaining four paths. They were a minority, numbering close to eight thousand.

"Next, you'll be redirected to the location where you'll undergo your evolution," Inala said. At his words, an armoured figure appeared before the two thousand people standing in the spot designated for the Pearl Path.

"Follow me," The armoured figure said and slowly exited the settlement, leading the two thousand people as it gave words of caution, "All the Slump Lizards outside have been killed by the Centingers. But don't be careless, as a good portion of the ground is full of the effects of Bone-Melting Artillery. You'll come into harm if you were to step foot on such areas."

"So, follow me carefully and don't stray far, alright?" Its words were curt and authoritative. The two thousand people following it nodded obediently as the armoured figure led them to the settlement of the Pearl Tribe, managed by the Rooted Clam.

Some Empyrean Zinger Scouts had already approached the Rooted Clam to inform it of the situation in advance. The communication was done using a language developed by the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts that had developed this region.

Since Inala had the Rockatrice's data, figuring out the language was no issue. Once he inscribed the related data into a Bone Slip and fed it to the Empyrean Zinger Scouts, they were able to communicate with the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

The four recipients received the news warmly as Inala expressed more cooperation to ensure their success. Since he proposed benefits many times greater than the Rockatrice, they accepted him into their team.

Four groups of Free Humans, two thousand people per group, exited the Rooster Tribe Settlement and made their way to their assigned settlement, warmly received by the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in charge of the respective settlement.

The Boutique Lizard was the last to receive its batch. It happily led the group of Free Humans to its settlement, making a gentle cry in praise upon seeing the settlement—of the Guardian Tribe corpses— was fully cleaned by Empyrean Zingers who made their presence scarce after completing their work.

This was the beginning of a successful cooperation.



Chapter 227 Quip Tribe

After sending the eight thousand people away, Inala addressed the thirty-two thousand people that remained behind, "Now, I noticed that the faces of some of you are a bit disappointed due to the large number of people in this group."

"But, erase your misunderstanding," Inala said, "Just because there are fewer people in their Paths doesn't make theirs rarer and more valuable. And similarly, your path isn't less valuable because there are many people having affinity to it."

"All are more or less similar to each other." He said and motioned towards a building erected by a group of armoured individuals, "When you're called, come in, one by one."

Inala brought all the refugees to the smaller side of the settlement and made them stay there. The house was erected in the pathway connecting the two. Two armoured individuals stood outside the house and beckoned for the people to enter in order.

Seated within the house was Inala, accompanied by the Empyrean Zinger King that was perched on his head in miniature form.

Gappu was a fourteen-year-old refugee. He came from a poor household and never tasted fortune throughout his life. His parents worked as servants for a noble family in Ellora City. Their income was minimal, and as a result, none of them had a solid cultivation.

Originally, their situation caused Gappu to lament about his fate. But, their lack of strength was precisely the reason why he and his family survived. He didn't lose any of his loved ones. Hence, he was part of the group that wasn't much affected by the war, for his family was alive.

He was nervous upon being called first. But as the armoured individual pointed at him, he had no other choice but to comply.

'This person must have a scary face.' He stared at one of the armoured figures, intimidated, but also hyped, 'One day, I'll become stronger than them.'

"Enter," The armoured figure on the right stated curtly and opened the door.

"Mmhm," Gappu nodded and entered the house, flinching once the door shut behind him. The room spanned an area of eighty square metres. There was a curtain right after the door, blocking a full view of the room.

Gappu parted the curtain and was surprised to see a stunning beauty seated behind a table, dressed in flashy clothes akin to royalty. Donning head to toe in expensive jewellery, adding to her beauty and the regal presence she exuded, Gappu subconsciously prostrated on the floor.

"Take a seat," A pearl-like voice resounded, making him feel as if his heart melted in response. It was that intoxicating.

"Y-Yes, Your Majesty," Gappu said nervously and took a seat opposite the breathtaking woman.

"Give me your hand and close your eyes." The woman said next.

"Y-Yes," Gappu said, flinching instinctively when the woman held his hand, allowing him to feel its softness, 'So soft!'

Prime Skill—Quip Tribesman!

The Empyrean Zinger King crawled to his hand as Inala seeped Prana into Gappu's hand through it, using it as the medium to unleash the Prime Skill he had developed after condensing the data he had stolen until now.

The special Prana unleashed through the Quip Tribesman Prime Skill had a mind of its own as it flowed into Gappu's bloodstream and stuck onto it.

His ambient Prana resisted this foreign Prana but was instantly swallowed, as this special Prana had the properties of a Prana Bomb imbued in it. Therefore, Gappu's Prana was merely ammunition for its development.

The blood coursed through his body and reached his heart when the Special Prana—latched onto it—flowed into Gappu's Spirit Container.

"Keuk!" Gappu felt an ache in his chest for a couple of seconds. Immediately after, warmth pervaded his being, making him feel a bit stronger as his Prana values doubled. Well, he originally had three Prana. It now became six Prana.

Gappu's Spirit Container transformed, resembling Inala's Stage 1—Jaw—transformation. With that, Gappu was no longer a Free Human, having now become a Ravaged Tribesman, part of the Quip Tribe.

His growth would currently be as follows. Unlike Free Humans who had to carefully build their Spirit Containers one after another to reach a hundred in total, Gappu was like a Pranic Beast.

He no longer had to build a Spirit Container, as his Spirit Container was fully built already. As long as he trains, his Spirit Container will grow stronger.

And when he becomes an adult, i.e., reaches maturity, he'll enter the Body Stage. Usually, this was the endpoint for other Ravaged Tribesmen—possessing hundred Prana at their peak.

Only after repeated evolutions would they finally open a pathway to progress further in the Body Stage. This was only because of the limited information through which a Pranic Beast created its Ravaged Tribe.

That wasn't the case for Inala who was equipped with data to the most minute of levels, especially about evolutions of the Ravaged Tribe according to various situations, all collated in the Rockatrice's Prana.

Even the Rockatrice didn't know that, for the minor changes couldn't be observed. But these changes influenced its Prana, which meant the associated data was stored in its skull now.

Using that, Inala condensed a complete path of evolution for the Quip Tribe.

As long as Gappu trains and reinforces his Spirit Container enough, he'll enter the Body Stage. There wouldn't be a breakthrough as in the case of Free Humans or Mammoth Clansmen who will have to fuse all hundred Spirit Containers into a collective whole to reach the Body Stage.

His Spirit Container was already a collective whole, capable of holding a hundred Prana. Therefore, once his Spirit Container becomes sturdy enough, it'll begin growing, allowing him to accumulate more than a hundred Prana.

And at the same time, he'll awaken his Primary Nature.

Once in the Body Stage, he'll be able to take on his Ravaged Tribe form. Unlike other Ravaged Tribes that could take on their Ravaged Tribe forms at the Spirit Stage, a Quip Tribesman could only assume their Ravaged Tribe form upon reaching the Body Stage.

Inala was very particular about that. Because, transforming in the Spirit Stage simply shortened one's lifespan. As a result, a Ravaged Tribesman lived for at most two decades.

Mammoth Clansmen could transform into a Pranic Beast—that they fused their Spirit Container with—once they reached the Body Stage. Inala applied the same principle here. The result?

Upon reaching the Body Stage, Gappu would be able to assume his Ravaged Tribe form, which was a replica of Inala's Stage 1—Jaw—transformation.

This was where the fun began, as upon reaching the Body Stage, Gappu would awaken his Primary Nature and gain solid strength.

His lifespan would only range between forty to sixty years, but in contrast, at the peak of the Body Stage, he'll possess four-hundred-eighty Prana, a staggering amount equivalent to Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

This quantity of Prana, coupled with his Primary Nature would make him a strong cultivator. After all, the Primary Nature of the Quip Tribe was pretty special.

Primary Nature—Parasitic Immune System!



Chapter 228 Silver Immunity Art

Cultivation Technique—Silver Immunity Art!

This was the primary reason behind the creation of the Primary Nature of Parasitic Immune System. It was also what set the Quip Tribe apart from the other Ravaged Tribes.

A Pranic Beast would place its imprint on a Free Human and make him part of its Ravaged Tribe. However, this imprint would hinder all Free Human cultivation techniques from taking effect. And if the cultivator tries to forcefully cultivate using a Free Human cultivation technique, his Spirit Container would shatter, resulting in his Prana reaching zero.

That was a death sentence for a cultivator, since going from zero to one unit of Prana was an unsurmountable task. Not everyone was like Resha to overcome that situation.

For a Free Human cultivation technique to function, the Spirit Container must be pure. The Pranic Beast's imprint was an impurity, a major obstacle, like a mountain smack dab in the middle of a river, blocking its flow entirely. Therefore, it became very hard for a Ravaged Tribesman to cultivate and accumulate Prana.

Their only choice was to resort to traditional means, which was to stumble upon Parute Fruits and ingest them to build up Prana. Otherwise, it would take their bodies forever to naturally accumulate Prana.

It would take at least a year or two to increase Prana by one unit naturally. And with the short lifespans of Ravaged Tribesmen, reaching the Body Stage was an impossibility.

Maybe generation after generation of suffering later, the Ravaged Tribe would eventually conceptualise a cultivation technique suiting their condition, allowing them to cultivate. Their situation would improve after that.

Eventually, many generations later, the cultivation technique would be perfected, allowing the Ravaged Tribesmen to reach the Body Stage in large numbers. Only at this point would they be recognised as a legit Ravaged Tribe. Before that point, they were simply fledglings with no value or recognition.

Inala referenced the Mammoth Clan's Mystic Bone Art and the Brimgan Empire's Gold Kinesis Art. By coupling it with his Primary and Tertiary Nature, he derived the Silver Immunity Art.

It was a Silver Grade cultivation technique, a far cry from the likes of Gold Kinesis Art and Mystic Bone Art. But it was still a potent cultivation technique, at the peak of the Silver Grade.

The Quip Tribe would cultivate this cultivation technique. And through it, they would quickly build up their Prana and reach the Body Stage.

And upon reaching here, they'll experience two modes of growth. First would be their body. This growth was based on Inala's Stage 1—Jaw—transformation. Hence, they'll grow an Empyrean Zinger's jaw and claws at the Body Stage.

The second growth was Prana-based, derived from the Gold Kinesis Art and numerous Free Human cultivation techniques, resulting in the Primary Nature of Parasitic Immune System.

When Gappu reaches this Stage, he'll take on his Ravaged Tribe form and use his sharp claws to injure his target. Suppose he's fighting a Slump Lizard, he'll lodge his claws in its body.

His Primary Nature would allow him to absorb trace amounts of Prana and even tracer amounts of Lifeforce from the Slump Lizard. This will become active when his claws dig into its body and come into contact with its blood vessels.

Thereby, the claws would absorb the Prana carried by the Slump Lizard's blood.

Inala's Prana Bomb was capable of absorbing ten Prana in a second. In ten seconds, it would be filled with Prana.

The claws of Gappu would be many times inferior. At its peak, he'll be capable of absorbing a unit of Prana every couple of seconds. The absorbed Prana would be filtered into a version compatible with his body automatically, similar to Inala's Prana Hand.

The Lifeforce would aid Gappu in healing his injuries. Thereby, Quip Tribesmen would become experts in close combat.

Of course, there was another reason for the Primary Nature being named as Parasitic Immune System. When Gappu's claws dug into a Slump Lizard, while his claws absorbed Prana and Lifeforce from the target's blood, the Slump Lizard wouldn't feel any pain.

This would be similar to a leech's bite as the claws secreted a neurotoxin with similar properties. The Slump Lizard would know of the attack—through sight and smell—as long as it wasn't asleep. Moreover, the moment Gappu retracts his claws from its body, the effects of the neurotoxin would vanish, making it feel pain immediately.

While absorbing Prana, the claws would also take in trace amounts of nutrients from the Slump Lizard's blood, refining itself similar to how a Brimgan Empire Royalty refined a Spirit Weapon using the Gold Kinesis Art.

With refinement, the jaws and claws of a Quip Tribesman became stronger, gaining special properties according to the substances constantly absorbed by the Quip Tribesman and refined.

When this refinement is done for years and the level of refinement is taken to the extreme, the Quip Tribesman would mutate.

Yes, mutation. This was derived from the Millinger's data. As a Pranic Beast race, the Centingers had solidified their mutation path, capable of stably creating Millingers out of Centingers. Of course, the success rate was minimal at best, but it was possible.

The Gold Kinesis Art too had the capability to create a Secondary Nature in a Brimgan Empire Royalty when the refinement is taken to the extreme. But it was a Gold Grade cultivation technique. Therefore, the Secondary Nature it was trying to create was at the Gold Grade, which was why it almost never happened.

In the case of a Quip Tribesman, the resultant Secondary Nature was only at the Silver Grade, incomparably weaker as compared to a Gold Grade Nature. Hence, the creation difficulty was vastly easier in comparison.

Upon a successful mutation, the Quip Tribesman would experience another round of growth. If Gappu reaches this stage, his Lifespan would increase to eighty years. Secondly, his Prana limit would increase to 740.

Finally, his Ravaged Tribe form would obtain a second transformation, which was Inala's Stage 2—Wing—transformation. Gappu's limbs would transform into an Empyrean Zinger's, now able to glide around in the air.

Reaching this point would be the absolute peak as a Quip Tribesman for Gappu, the end of his growth. Here, he'll obtain his Secondary Nature, the focal point of Inala's future plans.

Secondary Nature—Immune Influence!



Chapter 229 Mysterious Mudropper

Through the Secondary Nature of Immune Influence, Gappu could latch onto a Slump Lizard's body once his claws dig into the latter. Following that, he would be able to influence the Slump Lizard's behaviour and decision-making.

If his strength is sufficient, he'll be able to influence the Slump Lizard and control it like a mount, able to ride it. The degree of influence is entirely dependent on the target's strength.

Influencing Iron Grade Pranic Beasts was possible, with Beginner Iron Grade and Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beasts being the easiest to influence. The success rate for Advanced Iron Grade and Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts would be vastly lower.

It was pretty much impossible to influence a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. But, Immune Influence was special, in that Inala took inspiration from Slump Lizards in their ability to stack Natures on a target.

Meaning, Quip Tribesmen could also stack their Secondary Natures of Immune Influence on a target. With enough of them latching onto a target, controlling even a Silver Grade Pranic Beast was possible.

This was Inala's plan to control different Prana Beasts in the future, especially those that had mutated, and use them against the Boar King.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

This was a cheat-like Skill that allowed Inala to accomplish what he had done. As long as he had a clear goal in mind and possessed the relevant data, he could create any ability of his choice. He didn't even have to understand the data. It only needed to exist in his mind.

Using it, he created the Silver Immunity Art that upon cultivation, would create the Primary Nature of Parasitic Immune System and cause mutation with a small degree of chance. Upon success, the Quip Tribesman will obtain the Secondary Nature of Immune Influence.

The Quip Tribesmen wouldn't face any side effects upon transforming or using their powers. After all, unlike the Rooster Tribe, the Quip Tribe was complete as a Ravaged Tribe.

Basically, the end evolutionary point reached by a Ravaged Tribe was where the Quip Tribe currently stood.

When a Quip Tribesman manages to enter the Life Stage, that would be when the Quip Tribe becomes elevated to Clansmen status. Unfortunately, Inala couldn't find a solution to reach that status.

Reaching the peak of the Ravaged Tribe was the limit to the path Inala had devised. Whether or not the Quip Tribe became Clansmen was up to luck, fate, and chance. As long as they keep evolving and accumulating minor genetic variables, there will come a day when one of them will enter the Life Stage and succeed.

Inala had no control over that process. It wasn't easy to obtain Clansmen status after all.

But, had the Empyrean Zinger King been capable of taking on a human form, Inala could have proceeded in the same route as the previous Gannala and created Clansmen through descendants. As that wasn't possible, the peak as a Ravaged Tribe was the Quip Tribe's limit.

Gappu snapped out of his daze as all information regarding the Quip Tribe's evolutionary path was inscribed in his mind. He became excited upon realising the powerful Primary and Secondary Natures he could obtain as long as he worked hard.

"I'll work hard!" He exclaimed, hyped for his future.

"All the best!" The gorgeous woman nodded in response and motioned for him to exit, "Stay within the settlement for now and wait for the rest to gather. Once everyone gains this power, I'll lead you all to your new home."

"Yes, Your Majesty!" Gappu nodded chirpily and entered the larger segment of the settlement. He took a seat in a corner and began cultivating, getting accustomed to the Silver Immunity Art.

[Inala! The Mudropper's here!]

After he turned twenty Free Humans into Quip Tribesmen, an Empyrean Zinger Scout informed him through a shout. He got up and exited the settlement, staring at a large bone slab being carried by a dozen Empyrean Zinger Commanders.

Seated upon it was a large frog-like existence, covered with a grey shell similar to a clam. It was the Mudropper.

A Mudropper was capable of jumping once a day. And with each jump, it could traverse a kilometre. This was its mobility limit, the reason it almost went extinct. After all, it had zero combat capability.

It was the most mysterious race in Sumatra Continent, for the Mudropper was the only Pranic Beast race with the power to create the Sandy-Grey Void.

But despite possessing such a power, they remained on Sumatra Continent, the reason unknown. If not for the fact that the Mudropper before him was probably the last of its kind, he would have used Empyrean Extraction on it already to obtain all its secrets.

He planned to do it later, once the Mudropper births more of its kind. Hence, he was rooting for its success.

Unlike the other Silver Grade Pranic Beasts that had to kill the majority of their Ravaged Tribes, the Mudropper's Ropper Tribe didn't face a single casualty. Because, their home was located underneath the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

Hence, they never had to fear being discovered by the Centingers.

Therefore, Inala sending two thousand people to its doorsteps was a fat bribe, especially since they were enthusiastic about the process. It was the first time the Mudropper saw Free Humans being enthusiastic to become part of its Ravaged Tribe, a result of Inala's successful brainwashing.

And through the Empyrean Zinger Scouts, he communicated with it, asking for deeper cooperation. Curious about what he had in mind, the Mudropper asked the Empyrean Zingers to carry it to Inala.

[Tell me the terms.]

"Alright," Inala nodded and communicated using its language, "I need two things from you. In response, I'll create a perfect cultivation technique for the Ropper Tribe."

[Tell! Tell!]

"First, create a terrain similar to the Dieng Canyon here. Relocate the Parute Trees to their peaks." He stared at the poker-faced Mudropper, "You can do it, right?"

[Easy, peasy. But I want fifty Parute Trees.]

"Done," Inala nodded, happy. He then created a Prana Bomb and asked, "Second, can you stuff your grey sand in this and make it as such the effect of the Sandy-Grey Void is unleashed only when it shatters?"

[Easy, peasy. But your payment isn't enough for that.]

"I'll create Skills for the Ropper Tribe," Inala replied.

[One Skill per Prana Bomb.]

"Isn't that expensive?" Inala frowned.

[Your Prana Bomb has a lot of space inside. I can stabilise it using my power. So, each Prana Bomb is worth a lot.]

"Deal!" Inala accepted the terms, "I'll visit the Ropper Tribe once I'm done here."

[I'll be waiting.]

The Mudropper left, carried by the group of Empyrean Zinger Commanders. It continued to speak with them, giving them a lot of tasks, all necessary to construct the Dieng Canyon in this region.

Once it left, he frowned, 'As I thought, the Mudropper is the true ruler of this region. It knows everything that has happened here.'

'I wonder what secrets it holds.' Thinking as such, he let out a chuckle and returned to the house, continuing to increase the population of his Quip Tribe.



Chapter 230 Quip Tribe Home

Prime Skill—Quip Tribesman!

It could only be used on a Free Human in the Spirit Stage. The amount of Prana consumed to turn him into a Quip Tribesman was equal to the Prana in his body.

Gappu had three Prana. Hence, Inala only spent three Prana turning him into a Quip Tribesman. Even the time spent was three seconds too, making the process quick.

There were very few people who had more than sixty Prana. Only for them did Inala consume more than a minute turning them into Quip Tribesmen. They were also the unfortunate few who experienced the most pain.

People with a paltry sum of Prana barely experienced any pain during the process.

As he had to continuously expend Prana, Inala was left with no other choice but to create a biome in his stomach and store Prana Bombs in it. He was careful this time and intended to finish the process as quickly as possible.

In the meantime, the Empyrean Zingers assisted the Mudropper zealously. Under its orders, they exited the Sanrey Plains through a route in the Sandy-Grey Void ring opened by the Mudropper.

The Empyrean Zingers hunted the Pranic Beasts outside, gathering Prana and Lifeforce in response. They also gathered large amounts of plants, soil, rocks, and a whole bunch of resources as listed by the Mudropper.

Half the gathered Prana Bombs were delivered to the Mudropper as it began constructing a Dieng Canyon knockoff in the region.

The Sanrey Plains was the name given to the region—within the Sandy-Grey Void ring—by Fhoong Brimgan, but it was never officially used. He was the only individual who used the name, and it was only during the occasional letters he sent to the Brimgan Empire, communicating with some of his trusted family members there.

Inala wasn't good at naming stuff. Hence, he simply continued with the established naming convention and publicised the name, Sanrey Plains, making it the official way to call their region.

And now that the Ganrimb Kingdom was no more, the five Ravaged Tribes could develop in the open and carve out their respective territories.

The five entities in charge had already discussed it amongst themselves and divided up regions on the map of Sanrey Plains. The Empyrean Zingers scouted the entire region from the sky and combined the information on a large slab of bone spanning a radius of hundred metres.

They created a realistic topography, akin to satellite imagery.

To the north of the Sanrey Plains, situated amongst the mountains around the Angan River's mouth was the Boutique Lizard's Guardian Tribe. To the west, stretching from the border and occupying a large area filled with patches of grey sand was the Mudropper's Ropper Tribe.

Located southwest around the marshlands situated at the Angan River's foot was the Rooted Clam's Pearl Tribe. Situated underneath the banks of the Angan River, occupying the entire stretch was the Carcass Snail's Mollusc Tribe.

Finally, occupying a good majority of the land east to the Angan River, situated amongst a maze of hills resembling the Dieng Canyon was Inala's Quip Tribe.

The division simply showed the regions belonging to each Ravaged Tribe. Of course, all territories only extended to the end of the terrain the respective Ravaged Tribe was suited to live at.

Beyond that was unoccupied territory which accounted for more than seventy percent of the area in Sanrey Plains. Based on the tiny populations of all Ravaged Tribes, it would take many centuries before they fill up the areas in their respective territories, not to mention extending out.

There was no reason for a conflict to arise anywhere until the end of the lifespans of all five entities, so it wasn't even an issue to worry about. And if such a situation were to ever arise, the Mudropper of that generation could try to extend the size of the Sandy-Grey Void ring and increase the area of Sanrey Plains within.

A month passed in such a fashion as Inala finally finished turning the last Free Human in the Rooster Tribe Settlement into a Quip Tribesman. He was exhausted, having had minimal periods of sleep during the entire process.

He deactivated his biome and spat out a handful of Prana Bombs remaining in it. He consumed the fluid in them and focused on replenishing his Prana.

"Kriek!" He let out a screech, asking if the Dieng Canyon knockoff was completed. There was soon a reply from an Empyrean Zinger Scout, stating that it was close to completion, needing at most a day or two.

'Then I can start transporting them all.' Thinking as such, Inala exited the house and snapped his finger, causing it to collapse, since it had served its use.

He stared at the people mingling about in the larger segment of the settlement, largely excited as they explored their newfound abilities.

The Prana levels of many increased as they became Quip Tribesmen. A few among them, those that originally possessed Prana in the seventies and eighties managed to reach a hundred units.

They hadn't entered the Body Stage yet because their Spirit Containers weren't robust enough yet. But just the fact that the Prana values of everyone grew in this time created an overall positive mood.

The Quip Tribesmen mingled among their community, exchanging knowledge. Cliques had already formed and people were warming up to each other, since they all were part of the same Tribe now.

"It's time," The eyes of everyone fell on him as Inala announced, remaining in his female form, "Your home has almost been completed. Let's head there now."

"Yes!" Everyone cheered in response and followed Inala out of the Rooster Tribe Settlement. But their joy was short-lived, as beyond the settlement were evident traces of war that hadn't been erased yet.

The Boutique Lizard was waiting for Inala to give it a suitable cultivation technique for its Guardian Tribe. Hence, it hadn't released any Slump Lizard eggs into the Angan River.

Therefore, without the Slump Lizards to clean up the region, traces of the devastating attacks released by the Centingers were vividly displayed.

Inala purposefully made them walk on a path that brought them across two cities, allowing them to witness the extent of carnage, unfiltered. That completely erased any traces of suspicion in their eyes, wholeheartedly treating Inala as their Deity.

Some of them who had already treated Inala as such before became fanatics, stealthily planning to carve a large statue in his image as a place of worship.

Ignorant of their thoughts, Inala brought them to a range of hills—with flat peaks—that were strewn across the region like a maze, forming narrow gorges between each other.

All the hills reached a perfect altitude of 400 metres, with the areas on their peak ranging from fifty thousand square metres to a few hundred thousand.

A square-shaped ground with a length and breadth of hundred metres totalled to an area of ten thousand square metres. Therefore, the areas on the hill peaks weren't that large.

This was done to ensure the Quip Tribe spread out further in the region and not converge in a single area. That would defeat the purpose of their Tribe where they ought to grow stronger by fighting Pranic Beasts that enter the gorges.

"This is your home." Inala stared at the steep hill walls and announced.



