Chapter 281 Time to Grind

Brangara obtained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator by consuming a large number of Mammoth Clansmen. Of course, if not for the characteristic of his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature, he wouldn't have satisfied the conditions necessary to obtain the Nature of Cultivator.

He didn't use his Primary Nature, but its characteristics influenced his consumption of Mammoth Clansmen and with enough accumulation, paved the way for the birth of his Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

The current Gannala was in a similar state to Brangara. She didn't have Voracious Nature but instead possessed Mystic Bone Art, which was also a power related to consumption.

Through his Mystic Skill Creator, Inala mapped out a route for her. Of course, the original route was long and abundant with risks. However, after he obtained the Mudropper's data, he was able to modify the route and make it a tad easier.

Gannala will have to consume Cooter Clansmen for that. But she wouldn't consume them directly, but instead through Wittral. The process would be similar to what Brangara had been subjected to under the control of Undrakha.

Fragment Disease was a condition experienced by Mammoth Clansmen born with a genetic makeup close to, if not similar to an Empyrean Tusk. Similarly, Buoyant Disease was the Cooter Clan's equivalent of the Mammoth Clan's Fragment Disease.

Cooter Clansmen with the Buoyant Disease had a negative affinity towards fluids. If they were to touch water, their bodies would become stunned, unable to move. In some situations, they would even experience a heart attack and die.

Touching water was the most dangerous for Cooter Clansmen with the Buoyant Disease, followed by mist, and finally air. Thankfully, breathing in air didn't kill them, but it still caused their bodies a lot of strain, making them feel as if they were drowning, but not to the extent they would suffocate and die.

In the Mammoth Clan, Resha and the six reincarnates with the Fragment Disease had a genetic makeup close to the Supreme Tusk. Hence, when they absorbed the blood of an Empyrean Tusk during their breakthrough from the Spirit Stage to the Body Stage, they obtained the power of an Empyrean Tusk.

There wasn't a Supreme Tusk equivalent among the Empyrean Snappers. After all, they didn't have the assistance of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Hence, they hadn't reached such a point in development.

Therefore, they didn't have anyone like Resha.

But that didn't mean the Cooter Clan lacked ambition. No, they too were actively trying to reach the Mystic Grade. However, since they didn't have the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle's assistance, they could only proceed with the traditional route.

It was to birth the strongest possible Empyrean Snappers. Similar to the Mammoth Clan, when two Cooter Clansmen with the Buoyant Disease copulate, the birthed baby is an Empyrean Snapper. They faced the same difficulties as the Mammoth Clan.

Majority of the time, the woman trying to give birth shrivelled up and died, failing to successfully birth an Empyrean Snapper. And even when there was a successful birth, the Empyrean Snapper would generally be birthed with some genetic defects.

The greater the accumulation of the parents, the lower the number of defects that the Empyrean Snapper would be born with. Hence, the Cooter Clan was obsessed with birthing an Empyrean Snapper without any genetic defects.

The only Empyrean Tusk born without any defects was the previous Gannala, and that too only thanks to the involvement of Renduldu and Undrakha who used the Empyrean Boar race as fuel for her birth.

Of course, Gannala went a step beyond being just a perfect Empyrean Tusk and became a Supreme Tusk.

The Cooter Clan only wanted to birth a perfect Empyrean Snapper. They intended to prepare for the Mystic Grade once there were enough perfectly birthed Empyrean Snappers.

After so long, with endless losses and resource consumption, there finally arrived a couple with the Buoyant Disease who reached the peak of cultivation, attaining the 10-Life Stage. They also unlocked the fourth stage of their Mystic Mist Art, related to the Transcendence Stage. With that, they were able to communicate not only with Empyrean Snappers but also make contact with their Clan's Transcendents in the Transcendent Worlds.

Only after reaching this point did they copulate, giving birth to their first child, an Empyrean Snapper birthed without any genetic defect, the first of its kind. That child was none other than Wittral.

At this point in time, Wittral was twenty-three years old, still in human form. The Cooter Clan wanted to wait until Wittral reached peak strength as a human and then transform into an Empyrean Snapper.

He was their first step towards the Mystic Grade. And hence, a lot of preparation had been made for his growth and maturity as a human.

In Sumatra Chronicles, when Wittral came across Resha, both were at the peak of the Body Stage and were evenly matched. The Resha at that point possessed the Major Treasures of Attribute and Weapon. Despite that, they were evenly matched.

It was a show of Wittral's strength. And Inala intended to capture him, for through him, Gannala would obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

If Inala were to proceed about this without making use of Wittral, then it would take Gannala more than a decade to obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. There was also a decent chance of failure, as too many variables existed in such a place.

Even though Inala could guarantee success with his skill set, he couldn't spend all his time on Gannala. Even if Gannala could reach the Life Stage, her strength would only be a notch inferior to the Resha from Sumatra Chronicles.

That level of strength meant nothing before a peak Boar King who had activated all one hundred Natures of his Astral Chart.

Inala was adamant about obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute, for his plan to face the Boar King would only work with that in his possession. Otherwise, as long as the Boar King devours a Zinger Queen from the Dieng Canyon, he would be able to counter Inala's abilities easily.

There were three Zinger Queens at the Dieng Canyon. If one is killed, a new one would be birthed to take its place.

Therefore, the only way to ensure Inala's power truly poses harm to the Boar King was by obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute. He had zero intentions of allowing anyone else to claim it.

Hence, he intended to make Gannala obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator as quickly as possible and head to the Brimgan Empire to prepare for the Second Major Disaster and grab the Major Treasure of Attribute by its end.

Capturing Wittral was the key to it all.

Wittral and Resha encountered each other at a location close to the Guna Caves. Wittral had been active in the region to grow further. Hence, based on that, Inala hoped to discover clues regarding him by arriving at Leh Island, which was the first among the list of islands where Wittral could be.

Wittral wasn't here, but information about him was present in Ralral's data. He was currently at an island eight days journey from Leh Island, which was near enough, considering Inala had a time limit of eighty-six days.

'There are two masters at the 6-Life Stage guarding him. I need to deal with them first if I want to capture Wittral.' Inala thought and stared outside, observing the ice had begun to thaw. The Dralh Sea began to glow as it was now nighttime.

He exited the Sumatra Ship and stared at the glowing sea, "I need to prepare a lot."

"Time to grind!"



Chapter 282 Water Walking

Leh Island!

It was midnight as the Dralh Sea glowed bluish-green, making the surroundings as bright as day. The water was cold, with small sheets of ice sailing its surface. Below a depth of forty metres were Pranic Beasts, moving about to hunt each other in large schools.

From time to time, a massive Pranic Beast would approach the surface and swat away the sheets of ice in its way to inhale copious sums of air before retreating deep into the waters.

Swoosh!

Two figures flashed amongst the waves, running across the surface as if it were flat land. Chase, flee, duck, evade; performing acrobatics while trying to touch each other but failing was Inala and Gannala.

"You're improving quickly, Dad," Gannala said and lunged forward, intending to grab Inala who evaded by leaping ten metres away.

"It's hard," Inala said, stumbling as one of his feet sunk into the water. He quickly reduced its density to ensure it wouldn't sink in and instead stood on the surface by making use of the water's surface tension.

Inala raised his body density for a moment to kick the water surface and right upon generating the momentum, reduced his density to the limit, hence able to leap away. Of course, being light as a feather had its consequences.

His body had a large surface area, which meant he would face tremendous air resistance if his body was as dense as a leaf. Therefore, right after his feet left the water surface, he would have to raise his density to the limit.

Only then would his jumping momentum not be negated by air resistance.

Following that, right at the moment of landing, he would have to reduce his density. But this was even more complex than jumping. For if his density was minimal, then the faint waves on the sea would send him flying.

Therefore, at the point of contact, he would have to actuate his density and centre of gravity in a way that accentuated the sea's waves, able to surf their surface, constantly varying his density accordingly.

A mistake and he would either sink or be washed away.

In the aquatic environment, it was a necessity to be able to move on water as quickly as possible. Before he targets Wittral, Inala had to master this movement. Hence, he was taking Gannala's help.

At the age of five, Gannala had accepted a quarter of her inheritance. Hence, she had a plethora of experience in moving on water. This was something attempted by all Empyrean Tusks when they were in human forms.

As the previous Gannala received an inheritance from 188 Empyrean Tusks, there was a plethora of experience to draw from for the current Gannala.

Simply training wouldn't suffice. Hence, Inala and Gannala were playing tag. This way, Inala would have to multitask while running on the water, which is exactly what he planned to do later.

"Hehe!" Gannala suddenly grinned as her body slumped into the water, proceeding to a depth of a hundred metres as she increased her body's density sharply. Following that, she became featherweight, causing the water's buoyant force to shoot her towards the surface.

Using the momentum, Gannala blazed towards the surface, and right at the moment she was about to break through the surface tension and enter the air, she abruptly increased her body density, trapping her within the surface tension.

The water's surface formed a mound as Gannala diverted the force laterally, sending her flying right under the water surface like a bullet and made a beeline toward Inala. "Got you, Dad!"

With a spin, she exited the water, forming a small vortex as she grabbed Inala by the leg and spun him around, "You can't beat me with my power."

"Haha! Again!" Inala said as he landed on the water, using all his focus to not sink as he slid on the water and used the momentum to spin once and get up smoothly. He took a step forward and sunk into the water, performing the same trick as Gannala.

"It's not easy, Dad." Gannala grinned as Inala failed to break the surface tension, stuck right under the surface as he began spinning in place, caught within the vortex he had created.

"Fuoh!" Inala gasped for air as he surfaced, shaking his head to sprinkle the water in his hair. He got up and began to train.

Standing on the beach and watching him, with his actions highlighted in her vision like a slow-motion film was Asaeya. She rested her chin on her hand, tilting her head faintly to the side, her face subtly blushing as she took a gander at his side view.

Her breathing accelerated mildly, 'He's become more handsome!'

"Alright, we'll take a break," Inala said after two hours of playing tag, having expended his Prana. As he approached the shore, Gannala leaped onto his back, giggling as she caused him to drown.

"You let down your guard, Dada!" Gannala laughed as she evaded him and ran to the shore.

"…" Inala swam to the shore, out of Prana. He walked out of the water and shivered at the cold, for without Prana, he wasn't able to use Mystic Bone Art to transmit the heat in his stomach to the rest of his body.

"Here, let me dry you." Asaeya approached him with a towel and began to dry him, for a moment staring at his toned biceps in a daze.

"I can do it myself…" Inala said and extended his hand towards the towel, only to see Asaeya pull it away fiercely.

"Do this instead," She said and gave him a Prana Bomb, "Drink it and replenish your Prana."

Gannala observed Asaeya's blatantly obvious actions and rolled her eyes. She exhaled warm air and dried herself in a matter of seconds. She digested a few Prana Bombs in her stomach to begin replenishing her Prana.

She then approached Ralral and asked, "What are the Free Humans up to?"

"Oblivious, and working," Ralral spoke, in the same tone and style as before. Well, she wasn't the original Ralral but a puppet version of her.

Her corpse was transformed into a puppet, supplied internally with Lifeforce from a bunch of miniature Life Bombs. This way, her body didn't rot and was maintained in the same state as when she was alive.

Currently seated in her lungs were a bunch of miniature Empyrean Zinger Scouts, taking charge of controlling her body. They were all fed with Ralral's data, and hence able to act as her.

It wasn't impossible to immediately behave as her, since they needed some time to comprehend the vast volume of data. Therefore, they were practicing.

Inala had a few Prana Bombs and Life Bombs with her Prana and Lifeforce respectively. They would be used for the time when the Ralral puppet would have to appear like the original before her Cooter Clansmen.

As Inala didn't have the Prana of the other Cooter Clansmen, he couldn't make her puppets. But Ralral puppet was merely one part of his preparation.

"I'll go and manage the Free Humans." Saying so, Ralral puppet walked away. In the meantime, a large group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts were busy repairing the tower, using Ralral's data to restore everything to its original state.

Led by the Empyrean Zinger King, a team of Empyrean Zingers were constructing two puppets. One was humanoid while the other was large, spanning a length of two hundred metres.

Even though it was a puppet, not even moving at present, barely a tenth in its construction, just its image alone caused the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts observing Inala to flee farther away. Just the image alone was power. After all, it was the Boar King.

It was nothing much. Inala simply wanted to put the blame on the Boar King for kidnapping Wittral.



Chapter 283 Scheming Against the Cooter Clan

No matter what, Inala couldn't allow his actions to result in one more enemy for the Mammoth Clan to deal with. They already had their hands full with the Boar King.

And even after the merger, with 104 Empyrean Tusks, they still faced enough threat from the Boar King. Of course, if the Boar King doesn't plan to use more than two Internal Inertial Gravity, he wouldn't be able to harm the herd.

But as long as he reaches the 5-Life Stage and beyond, even by using two Internal Inertial Gravity alongside a bunch of Iron Grade Natures, he would become a legitimate threat capable enough of killing many Empyrean Tusks.

Therefore, if the Cooter Clan were to become their enemy, then the Mammoth Clan's annihilation was guaranteed.

Even if the Mammoth Clan were to use all their strength against the Boar King, there was no guarantee they could kill the latter. Since the situation was like that, then why wouldn't Inala rope in more players against the Boar King?

There was no rule stating that he had to kill the Boar King alone, right?

But based on Ralral's statements, even though the Cooter Clan desperately wished to kill the Boar King after two Empyrean Snappers died under his hands, they refused to antagonise him.

A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast lived for ten thousand years. This was a significant duration of time. But from the perspective of the Cooter Clan as a whole, it wasn't that long. Their history predated that.

Since the Boar King had no enmity towards the Cooter Clan, he never bothered them after killing two Empyrean Snappers in the past. He only wanted their Natures for emergencies and also to gain possession of their Mystic Mist Art.

If the Cooter Clan were to attack him, they'd receive his ire. Many more Empyrean Snappers might die as a result.

To date, dozens of Empyrean Tusks died to the Boar King. And every time he consumed one of them, his strength jumped to terrifying levels.

In terms of nutritional value towards his growth, the Empyrean Snapper was equally nutritious and could allow him to build at least ten percent of his body by consuming an Empyrean Snapper.

'Out of sight, out of mind.' That was the Cooter Clan's decision, intending to focus on their path to the Mystic Grade. Once they succeed and if the Boar King were to still be on Sumatra continent, they'll begin to earnestly deal with him.

With a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast on their side, they wouldn't have to fear the Boar King. But until then, they had every right to fear and avoid him. Even if another Empyrean Snapper were to die, they'd bite their fists and shed tears of rage. But no matter what, they'll avoid the Boar King.

Hence, the only way to force their hand was through Wittral, their first Empyrean Snapper to be birthed without genetic defects, the perfect form of their kind.

Inala would disguise himself as the Boar King and kidnap Wittral, eventually causing the Cooter Clan to find his corpse, alongside a statement to taunt them.

Of course, with Ralral's data, Inala already had an idea of how best to taunt them. That would definitely rile up the Cooter Clan into seeking revenge. After all, it wouldn't just be Wittral that would die, but also a large number of Cooter Clansmen.

Standing before the puppet of the Boar King's human form, Inala observed, inspecting the details, "Hmm, it's close to the original."

He then stared at the Prana Bomb embedded in it, one that emanated a signature of Prana almost similar to the Boar King, "Good work."

The Empyrean Zinger King nodded in giddiness. It was birthed from the Boar King's Prana and hence was the most aware of his Prana signature. It was trying to modify its Prana Signature to resemble the Boar King's as much as possible.

Inala was assisting it with his skill set, trying to create a product as close to the original as possible. As long as they manage to fool the senses of the Cooter Clansmen, then it was sufficient.

"Let's go, again," Inala said once he finished recovering his Prana and rushed to the sea, playing tag with Gannala. After some time, the two of them fought, primarily using Internal Inertial Gravity and Puppetry Skill.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Inala activated his Prana Blood Skill to increase the volume of Prana he could use during his attacks, forcing Gannala to take a backstep. The two exchanged attacks, causing faint shockwaves to echo as ripples emanated on the water surface, affecting the sea waves reaching the shore.

'Hmm, those three fuckers are still here.' Inala observed from the corner of his eye at three distinct pair of eyes glowing four kilometres away, silently observing him and Gannala fight. From the start, they never left Leh Island's vicinity.

Inala exuded a strong presence, displaying power that vastly exceeded his level. That was only possible for someone with more than one Nature. Hence, the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts became curious about him and intended to figure out his secrets by capturing him.

Also, as long as the three of them were in the vicinity, it would become impossible for Inala to leave Leh Island. For the moment he enters the water region, his advantage would reduce, making it easy for them to hunt him.

If not for Inala possessing a multitude of abilities that proved threatening, the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would have long stormed the island.

Inala, Asaeya, and Gannala, all were very strong and had abilities that complemented each other. Facing them without preparation would only injure them. Hence, the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were scouting.

Once they fully mapped out Inala's abilities, they would strike.

Bam!

Inala slammed his fist into Gannala's, watching her read his thoughts from the contact. As the two exchanged, they communicated with each other. Gannala read his mind naturally while touching him, and at the same time, Inala used his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill to access her recent thoughts.

[The Boar King's puppet wouldn't be strong enough with the bones we have at our disposal.]

[Dad, can't we capture these Gold Grade Pranic Beasts? Their bones would be perfect.]

[That's too dangerous. We aren't strong enough to face a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. You saw how I fared against the Millinger.]

[Dad, the Millinger's abilities perfectly countered yours. Besides, it was a Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast. The ones targeting us aren't mutants.]

[They may only have a Primary Nature, but can't you notice their age? Even the weakest of the trio has lived for more than eight hundred years. They'll have dozens of powerful Skills at their disposal.]

[Dad, you only need to use a Sandy-Grey Bomb to turn the tables against them. How else are you planning to deal with them?]

[I can't harm them as long as they retreat deep into the sea. But don't worry, I have a decent plan.]

As she read his thoughts, Gannala grinned, muttering, "You have the most twisted mind, Dad."

"Don't praise me too much." Inala grinned, "I might become arrogant."

"Too late," Gannala shook her head. "You're very arrogant."

"But with reason enough to justify your arrogance."



Chapter 284 The Bludders Swarm Dralh Sea

Dawn approached as the Dralh Sea stopped glowing. Its nature changed as it began to absorb the sunlight, gradually turning dark.

Soon, it became ink-black and began to bubble in response, growing hot enough to reach its boiling point. The Pranic Beasts became dormant in response, remaining still as making a move under this heat expended more energy than usual.

While asleep, an Iron Grade Pranic Beast gradually surfaced, and so did the rest of its school, as they were more comfortable at the surface than the depths with fiercer undercurrents generated due to the heat.

Less than twenty minutes into its sleep, the Iron Grade Pranic Beast was suddenly severed into two by a Bludder.

Spinning rapidly like the blades of a copter, the Bludder expertly moved across the bubbling Dralh Sea, taking advantage of the surface tension by using its rotation to the extreme. Its Eddy Blades flashed once and severed through the bodies of three Pranic Beasts.

It drilled into the severed halves of the Pranic Beast and gorged on its heart. As long as it swallows the heart, the Prana within the Spirit Container contained there would eventually be digested and converted into its own.

It would be able to hunt more following that.

Bludders had small bodies, reaching a length of two metres in their elongated forms. When coiled as a sphere, they were the size of a basketball, rapidly rotating as they moved around.

They were extremely carnivorous in nature and due to their smaller frames, were unable to consume much biomass. Hence, their primary diet consisted of Pranic Beast hearts.

The weather conditions of the Dralh Sea were unfavourable to them, as they were native to the Guna Caves. The conditions became extreme during the evening with the Death Hour and the accompanying Cold Shower.

But during the morning, when the sea began to warm up was the best time for the Bludders to attack. The weather was perfect for their travel and since most Pranic Beasts at the Dralh Sea fell asleep at this period, it was the best time to hunt.

Numbering in the tens of thousands were Bludders that swarmed the Dralh Sea, targeting the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts to selectively gorge on their hearts. The targeted side retaliated, resulting in a clash between both sides.

A Bludder killed two Iron Grade Pranic Beasts with its Eddy Blade and spun slowly while its head peeked out stealthily to munch on a heart.

Right at this moment, approaching it from underneath was a Pranic Beast resembling a hand with a dozen tentacles dangling from its wrist. The tip of every finger sported a mouth, revealing hundreds of rotary teeth within.

It travelled as a fist and gradually revealed its palm while close to the surface. After pausing for a moment, it clenched the hand into a fist, intending to crush the Bludder.

But suddenly, flashing out from its butt like a whip spear was an Ewworm. Its sharp tip pierced the palm, causing blood to spew out in response.

Without a moment's delay, the Bludder retracted the Ewworm into its rectum and spun away, making a circle on the water surface before returning to brush past, unleashing its Eddy Blade for an instant at close proximity, severing all the Pranic Beast's fingers.

The Pranic Beast writhed in pain, unable to screech since all its mouths had been severed off. If not for its brain and heart remaining hidden deep within the palm, it would have died from the attack.

Protected under a thick layer of bone, the palm was too tough for a Bludder to slash through in a single hit. Hence, it targeted the fingers instead, attacking its joints to sever them cleanly. This way, it neutralised the opponent, ensuring the latter was neither able to flee nor retaliate.

The Ewworm shot out of the Bludder and dug in from one of the severed fingers, gorging into the flesh underneath. Some wriggles later, it pierced through the arteries and veins leading to the heart.

Like a fork lifting a piece of fruit from a table, the tail brought out the Pranic Beast's heart and fed it to the Bludder. By swallowing this heart, the Bludder had consumed three hearts in total.

Having had its fill, it began to return. It was a short, but worthwhile trip. The Bludder was in charge of attack while the Ewworm was in charge of the defence.

An Ewworm was basically harmless and also consumed a creature's excreta to grow. As long as it grows enough, it would develop a weapon on its tail end, which would serve to protect its host.

It was the perfect accomplice for the Bludder that voraciously hunted for prey. It wasn't one of the strongest Iron Grade Pranic Beasts for no reason.

A Bludder even dared to target a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Of course, the majority of the time, it was killed by the Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

But there were exceptions, especially in cases of Bludders that had lived for most of their lives and had also grown an Ewworm in their rectum to maturity. These Bludders dared to target Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Be ready," Inala said as he observed spinning balls approach Leh Island like a swarm. Usually, during this time, Ralral would envelop the island with mist and use the terrain advantage to deal with the Bludders.

The Bludders were fast enough to evade blows from Spirit Weapons, but if they were unable to kill any prey for a long enough time, they'd change targets. After all, they consumed large amounts of Prana during their hunt.

Ralral and group would hold back the Bludders long enough until they avoid Leh Island and target other regions.

Since she wasn't alive, it was Inala's burden to protect the island. He didn't wish to leave behind any traces of his actions on Leh Island. That way, the Cooter Clan would be none the wiser.

"Ready?" Inala shouted as he was accompanied by dozens of Empyrean Zinger Scouts. He waited until the Bludders came close enough before condensing a Prana Bomb in his hand. Arching his hand to the back, he stepped forth, raised his density to the limit, and threw a heavy Prana Bomb, "Shoot!"

Prana Bombs flew in a flurry, each of them ranging from a few kilograms to a hundred kilograms—the latter being chucked by Inala, the Empyrean Zinger King, and the four Empyrean Zinger Commanders.

Swoosh!

Followed by whistling sounds, the Prana Bombs impacted the Dralh Sea with force, causing large splashes in response. The Bludders evaded them, losing their spin when water from the impact splashed on them.

They spun in circles for a couple of seconds until their rotation reached optimal rates once again, following which they sped towards Leh Island. Soon, they were less than twenty metres from the shore.

At this moment, Asaeya inhaled a deep breath as Prana surged into her throat. She then exerted all her strength to scream, "Die!"

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Secondary Nature—Akashic Transfer!

The Bludders lost their sight, for a moment too stunned. Without giving them a second of break, stomping her legs on the shore was Gannala, having finished her preparations. She too surged Prana in her throat, activating Internal Inertial Gravity to her current limit.

Following that, she roared, "Argh!"

A high-frequency soundwave blasted forth from her, reversing the tides as the eardrums of Bludders in the vicinity ruptured, causing hundreds of them to stop spinning as their idle bodies began to sink into the water.

Three seconds later, they became prey to the Pranic Beasts underwater.



Chapter 285 Preparations Complete

"Hmm, will this work?" Inala activated his Skill of Puppetry and used psychokinesis to lift four Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the air, watching them glide around him while maintaining a consistent altitude.

Each of them created four Prana Bombs, converting them into Prana Hands. Following that, while keeping its Prana suction deactivated, each Prana Hand grabbed an Empyrean Zinger Scout and lifted it into the sky, at its maximum Spirit Weapon range.

Zingers were unable to control when their Prana Bombs absorbed Prana. Hence, their Prana Bombs could even be used against them. But Empyrean Zingers weren't subject to this rule. As the pinnacle evolved form of their race, they could control when their Prana Bomb absorbed Prana. The same applied to their Prana Hands too.

"Keuk…" Inala felt a sharp mental strain for some reason, even though he was only controlling four Empyrean Zinger Scouts, ones that had reduced their weight to the limit and remained in their miniature forms.

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System!

He observed that since there was contact from the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the extremity, despite them only touching the Prana Hand of the four Empyrean Zinger Scouts propped up by his psychokinesis, it was considered as a legit contact.

Hence, his Tertiary Nature was active and extended to the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the extremity, which somehow caused a burden on his mind.

"Let me shift this," He dropped three Empyrean Zinger Scouts and focused on only propping one up. That scout used a Prana Hand as a Spirit Weapon and hovered it towards the end of its range, carrying an Empyrean Zinger Scout.

Resting its miniature body on the Prana Hand, the Empyrean Zinger Scout created a Prana Bomb and transformed it into a Prana Hand, grabbing another scout from the ground. But right as it had done this, the energy streams of Prana used for psychokinesis dissolved, causing all Empyrean Zinger Scouts to fall to the ground.

They spread their wings wide and glided toward him, landing on his head. Reading their thoughts and memories, Inala made an observation, 'This is somewhat similar to the stress-strain relationship in a cantilever beam. The farther the part of the beam is from the joint, the larger the strain it causes.'

'In that vein of thought, there's a limit to the size and length of the network of Empyrean Zinger Scouts I can control at a time.' He concluded, 'When I spread them out, the network collapses in the second generation. But in a single file of connections, I could stabilise four generations. This is worth experimenting about in the future.'

Optimistically, he had hoped to create a connecting line of Empyrean Zinger Scouts that would consecutively hold each other up by using a Prana Hand as a Spirit Weapon. Thereby, he would be able to create a long transmission line and possibly reach the Transcendent World.

Even though the Empyrean Zinger Scouts employed Internal Inertial Gravity to keep their weight to a minimum and used their gliding abilities to glide in a uniform circular pattern, there was still an impossibility to his thoughts.

Prana was a fusion of the energies of the body, mind, and soul. Therefore, even though Inala thought the only strain he would feel would be to physically hold the Empyrean Zinger Scout directly controlled as a Spirit Weapon by his psychokinesis, there was a strain on both the mind and soul generated from this network, which were all transmitted to him.

"Kiek!" The Empyrean Zinger Scout he propped up as a Spirit Weapon shrieked in pain, for it too felt the mental load.

"Seems I cannot infinitely build a staircase of Empyrean Zingers yet." Inala shook his head and then focused on the next aspect of his experimentation.

Stage 1—Jaw!

He flicked his wrist as a miniature Prana Bomb appeared in the palm of his hand, melting rapidly to layer his claws. Inala grabbed the Iron Grade Pranic Beast captured by his Empyrean Zinger army and dug his claws into it, watching it twitch in pain while its Prana flowed into him.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

A stream of Prana connected the Prana Bomb layer on his claws to his body. This way, it was treated as a Spirit Weapon. Hence, when the layer absorbed Prana, it was naturally transmitted into his body through his claw.

Inala grunted at the potent stream of Prana entering his body, overwhelming his blood vessels. The amount of Prana streaming into him was beyond his natural capacity.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Once he activated it, Inala eased up, for his body was now able to handle the surge in Prana flow. Two seconds later, he deactivated them all and frowned, "It takes me three seconds to add the Prana Bomb layer on my claws."

That was more than enough time for any onlookers to notice what he was doing. He wanted to make them simultaneously so that by the time his claws finished forming, the Prana Bomb layer would already be covering it.

He added that to his training list. Using a Prana Bomb would be an immediate giveaway of his identity as a Mammoth Clansman, as the powers of Free Humans consisted of primarily changing their bodies, using Human Avatars.

They wouldn't have abilities that appeared separately like a Prana Bomb without affecting their body—Human Avatar.

To completely pull off his claim of being a Free Human, Inala must exercise the relevant abilities first.

A Mammoth Clansman would transform into their Pranic Beasts wholly. They couldn't transform into parts like Resha and the reincarnates. Hence, the Cooter Clansmen wouldn't know about it.

But other than being sharp, his claws had no other use. That shouldn't be the case as even Human Avatars made out of iron were on such a level. Unless someone had no choice, they wouldn't fuse with such a useless mineral.

Inala intended to act as a merchant who lost everything. For his identity, acting like he possessed a Human Avatar made out of an Iron Grade mineral was foolish. Hence, by layering the Prana Bomb on his claws, he could showcase that his Human Avatar could absorb Prana by touch.

His rate of Prana absorption would easily classify his Human Avatar at the Silver Grade. With that, his disguise would be perfect.

He was too slow in doing that at the moment. But Inala wasn't frustrated, knowing that as long as he kept training and accumulates sufficient experience, his Mystic Skill Creator would condense that experience into a Skill.

With that, he would be ready.

The Bludders invaded only for a short duration, making a quick retreat following that. Inala slept during the afternoon and woke up a bit before the Death Hour.

Taking advantage of the Death Hour using his hordes of Empyrean Zingers, Inala accumulated lots of Prana Bombs and Life bombs—filled with Lifeforce. He also hatched dozens of Empyrean Zingers daily.

The majority of them were Empyrean Zinger Scouts, with a smaller portion being Empyrean Zinger Captains. Occasionally, when the opportunity presents itself in the form of an injured Silver Grade Pranic Beast that had lost the fight to stay at the bottom of the Dralh Sea during the Death Hour, Inala hatched some Empyrean Zinger Commanders.

Preparations were going in full swing. And two months later, he was ready.



Chapter 286 I’m Here!

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Claw!

Inala took on his Stage 1—Jaw—transformation, watching the effects of his Prana Bomb apply to it, resulting in the colour of his claws being tinted grey.

It happened at the same pace as a Free Human activating their Human Avatar. Inala's jaw morphed, followed by his hands and legs. Among them, the claws at both his hands and legs were subjected to the effect of the Prana Claw Skill.

His Puppetry Skill allowed him to control four Spirit Weapons. Now, the very same effect was being transmitted through his four claws. Of course, because of it, while his Prana Claw Skill was active, Inala wouldn't be able to control a Spirit Weapon.

His figure flashed around, shredding an Iron Grade Pranic Beast to bits, ending up absorbing all its Prana before it breathed its last.

Mystic Bone Art—Life Claw!

Inala took on his female form, applying the effect of a Life Bomb—one birthing a queen—on his claws and stabbed into a Pranic Beast, absorbing its Lifeforce to grow young.

Since the effect of four Life Bombs was being applied to his claws, this transformation cost him four decades of his lifespan. Once he killed a bunch of Pranic Beasts, he managed to absorb enough Lifeforce to return to his actual age.

Following that, he undid the transformation and activated it once again, this time focusing on regular Life Bombs.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Claw!

His regular Life Bombs too could be used for the Prana Claw Skill. But they came with a limitation. He was only able to absorb as much Prana as necessary for the birth of an Empyrean Zinger.

Since the Life Bomb's shape had been manipulated, it would fail to hatch an Empyrean Zinger. Hence, once it absorbs the necessary amount, it would stop working.

Inala only had to deactivate and reactivate the Prana Claw Skill to begin absorbing Prana once again. It was just a bit trickier to use than in his male form, but it was still practical.

He returned to his male form and stretched a little, breathing in and out slowly as he firmed his mind, going through his plan numerous times, 'Even when I'm influenced by my Natures, I should exercise my best to remain in character.'

"Dad, will you be alright?" Gannala asked in concern, "You'll be maintaining a biome for a longer duration than during the Centinger Mating Season."

"I won't die, if that's what you're worried about." Inala said, "I'm pretty much using my own abilities. So, it's not an issue."

"You know it's not about that." Gannala argued, "Your mind just isn't robust enough to handle the strain."

"I'm aware," Inala nodded, "I might probably lose consciousness for a few months once this ends. But that won't be a problem with the army of Empyrean Zingers protecting us."

"Besides, I have a Skill to handle it." He smirked.

Mystic Bone Art—Biome Endurance!

By consuming larger amounts of Lifeforce than usual, he would be able to handle maintaining a biome, for extended durations. It would still produce a large amount of strain on his body and mind, similar to the Prana Blood Skill, but by using it, he would avoid the fate of his stomach exploding in the future.

Things would be within reasonable levels for him with the Biome Endurance Skill, allowing him to proceed with his plans without worrying about adverse side effects.

"Okay," Gannala nodded and hugged him, "But if it ever gets too dangerous, just drop the plan. It doesn't matter if I don't get a Tertiary Nature. All that obsession towards the Mystic Grade was my predecessor's, not mine."

"I'm content with remaining a regular Empyrean Tusk."

"Don't worry too much," Inala patted her head, "Irrespective of how you've been birthed, at the end of the day, you're my daughter. And I just dislike seeing you die before me. It's very simple. Also, as long as you reach the Life Stage,"

He said in seriousness, "One body of yours can remain in human form while the rest becomes an Empyrean Tusk. You needn't entirely restrict yourself to the Mammoth Clan."

"Besides," He pointed at her forehead, "With the Inhibition Needle, you can hide in a human Empire in the worst-case scenario where the Mammoth Clan is annihilated by the Boar King."

"I understand," Gannala nodded, slightly saddened, "You're preparing for all possibilities."

"Of course," Inala nodded, "No matter how much I plan and scheme, there only needs to be a small variable that could screw up everything. And in Sumatra, such variables are endless."

"I am limited in my capacity," He said, his tone firm, "And in that, I'll do my best to one day explore this continent without worries."

"I'll be cheering you on, Dad," Gannala said and grabbed his Sumatra Canon, Sumatra Ship, Sumatra Lantern, and his fourteen Sandy-Grey Bombs. It was impossible to store them in his biome, and since he had to appear unarmed to the Cooter Clan, he gave them all to her.

"Return as soon as possible," Asaeya said and placed a peck on his cheek, her eyes moist. She then accompanied Gannala as the duo walked towards the mine with the Free Humans.

Standing at the entrance was the gruff middle-aged man who snorted at their appearance and didn't comment as he allowed their entry. Well, he was just playing his role. He too was a puppet controlled by a group of Empyrean Zingers stationed in his lungs.

Accompanying Gannala and Asaeya were a bunch of puppets disguised as Free Humans. Ralral introduced them as another batch she had brought. They would help Gannala and Asaeya disguise themselves among the Free Humans and remain hidden here.

The human and Empyrean Boar King form puppets of Brangara were currently in Gannala's stomach, accompanied by a couple thousand Empyrean Zingers. They continued to refine these puppets and improve their functions, intending to do so until the day the puppets would be put to use.

Gannala had more than enough Prana Bombs and Life Bombs in her stomach for everyone, able to last two years. That was how much they managed to collect in the past two months, taking advantage of the Death Hour.

'It seems I have gotten attached to the two of them.' Inala thought as he missed Gannala and Asaeya already. It became habitual to be in their presence and now that they had gone away, he felt the void left behind in his mind.

Shaking his head, he slapped his cheeks twice, brisking himself as a biome began to form in his stomach.

Keeping a biome within a biome would create a clash between the two compressed spaces and cause a singularity. If not for this, Inala would have brought Gannala with him in his stomach. The Sumatra Ship and his other trump cards too were formed using biomes, and hence couldn't stored in either his or Gannala's stomachs.

Inala swallowed the remaining Prana Bomba, Life Bombs, and a large horde of Empyrean Zingers. He stared at a tiny puppet in his possession and threw it in his mouth the last. It was a puppet sporting Gannala's baby voice, meant to be used as a radar.

That was how he would reveal his position to Gannala, since as an Empyrean Tusk, her hive mind would be able to listen to the cries of a newborn Empyrean Tusk.

[I'm Here!]

That was the message recorded in the puppet. When it was time, he would alert Gannala, causing her to enact their plan and kidnap Wittral.

There was no trace of him and his actions on Leh Island as Inala waited patiently for the Cold Shower to conclude. Right as it ended, he stared at the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts positioned two kilometres away, still watching him cautiously.

He was able to see them clearly thanks to the glowing Dralh Sea. Grinning a little, he condensed a Prana Bomb and chucked it towards them, shouting in their language,

[Trash that even an Ewworm avoids! Catch me if you are born to a single father!]

There was a stir in the waters in response to his shout. Without any hesitation, Inala turned tail and ran, leaving Leh Island as he rushed into the water, making a beeline towards the island where Wittral was posted.



Chapter 287 Who Are You?

Fral Island!

Spanning an area of thirty-eight square kilometres, it was a mountainous island. The base of the mountain occupied half the island's area, reaching a height of four kilometres. It was tall, giving the people here a perfect vantage point to survey large swathes of the Dralh Sea.

The strength of the Pranic Beasts in this region was high, with many powerful Silver Grade Pranic Beasts making their presence known during every Death Hour. There were even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, but they never came close to the island and remained deep in the sea waters.

Seated at a protruding location on the mountain, at an altitude of eight hundred kilometres was a man aged twenty-three, sporting a lean, but toned physique. His skin glistened in the humid weather, with his eyes reflecting the ink-black sea.

This protruding part spanned an area of three hundred square metres and had a good breeze during most of the day time, very rare in the region. It became his favourite spot to lounge around when he wasn't training.

The wind gently coiled around his bald head, gliding smoothly as he inhaled and exhaled softly. The very region seemed to be breathing along with him, heeding his every action.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Snapper!

That was the man's identity. He was the first successful Empyrean Snapper to be born without any genetic defects, the first of his kind to be born perfect.

During the Death Hour, Wittral generally leapt into the Dralh Sea to face the powerful Silver Grade Pranic Beasts there. Since he hadn't matured yet, he avoided the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

The plasma layer posed no threat to him. Rather, it simply served as a tool that heeded his orders, becoming one among the many weapons at his disposal during a fight.

By fighting against the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, he trained, getting more and more accustomed to battles. He intended to continue training for a few more decades, after which he would head beyond the Dralh Sea and face Pranic Beasts that roamed the land.

After his fights concluded, Wittral returned to his favourite spot where he would meditate and connect with the nature. Thereby, he became more attuned to using his Primary Nature to control his surroundings.

As the perfect form of his species, he was the forerunner that would change the Cooter Clan. Hence, shouldering a lot of expectations, Wittral worked hard for his race's goal of attaining the Mystic Grade, 'One day, we'll reach it.'

"Hmm?" His attention was suddenly diverted to a blue dot on the ink-black sea, drifting towards the Fral Island. He focused, observing a humanoid entity standing atop a raft while brandishing claw attacks toward the Pranic Beasts that leaped out repeatedly.

"A Free Human?" Wittral muttered, disinterested, since there were thousands of them working for his Clan. Just like the rest of the Cooter Clan, he considered Free Humans as their servants. That seemed to be the perfect position for the Free Humans who were too weak to survive on their own.

"Wait…this level of strength seems unusual," Wittral muttered upon seeing a familiar Iron Grade Pranic Beast be shredded into two with one hit, "A Free Human can't do that."

The Free Humans he had seen to date were all at the Spirit Stage. And the majority of them had Prana in the single digits. Hence, he had never witnessed a Free Human in action that wasn't batshit weak.

His interest was captured as Wittral leapt from the edge, causing air to surge around his body and slow down his descent. He made long leaps, descending almost a hundred metres with every jump, his footsteps light, almost soundless.

The ground turned soft upon coming into contact with his foot, naturally absorbing all the momentum behind his jump, as a result preventing his legs from feeling any shock.

Casually reaching the shore in a matter of seconds, his eyes widened in surprise to see the fighting figure collapse into the water, releasing a sharp scream for an instant before silence ensued.

'They are probably from the outside world.' It had been forever since a Free Human garnered his interest. Unwilling to lose such an interesting individual who might be able to tell him interesting tales, Wittral leaped on the sea and bent forward.

Waves were generated under his feet as his figure shot forward like a motor boat, speeding towards the raft in less than twenty seconds. "Scram!"

A ripple of Prana blasted out and sent the Pranic Beasts scurrying away in fear. Wittral then noticed the stone slab acting as a raft was on the verge of shattering, sporting too many cracks from repeated battles.

Laid on it in a bloody state, with a lack of legs from under the knee, suffering from third-degree burns was a human woman, at least someone that seemed like that. Her hair was burning, caught aflame by the intense heat while most of the skin on her face had peeled off.

"Is she…alive?" Wittral muttered as he inched closer, noticing one of the lady's eyes was blood red, oozing blood. He made a sweep of her body using his Prana, observing that she was alive, "Alright."

Waves formed under the raft and quickly carried it to the shore. Gentle winds condensed under the lady, lifting her up as her figure landed atop a small cloud that began to scale up the mountain. Soon, it reached his favourite spot.

"Hmm…" After a moment of thought, Wittral tapped the ground, causing it to churn as rocky walls jutted out. In a matter of seconds, an intricately carved stone house appeared. The plant life in the vicinity moved under his order and covered the stone house, making it comfortable to stay within.

Grass coiled to form a soft mattress on which he placed the lady, observing her marine blue clothes were in tatters. He stared at her, noticing that she was on the verge of death, having sustained life-threatening injuries and had also lost too much blood.

"Nurnur, come here." He snapped his finger, producing a crisp sound. Ten seconds later, there was a figure kneeling at the entrance of the house, a bald woman dressed in black, revealing her presence at the 6-Life Stage. Noticing her arrival, Wittral commanded, "Bring me a Healing and Recovery Vial."

"Yes," The bald woman clothed in black, Nurnur disappeared and returned after thirty seconds, sending two vials flying into Wittral's hand, asking upon seeing him cork them and pour into the near-death lady's mouth, "Isn't it a waste to use it on a Free Human?"

"What do you know," Wittral commented with a mild tone of disdain, "She's a Free Human at the Body Stage. She's unlike the ones serving us. So, I'm curious to know about her."

"How is life for the Free Humans outside the Cooter Clan's protection?" Wittral said, "I have always been curious about that."

"Koff! Kahh!" The wounded lady coughed nonstop as her body trembled erratically. Suddenly, Prana surged out of her body and condensed to her knees, rapidly regenerating her legs. Her burnt skin peeled off as a new, pristine layer formed in a matter of minutes.

'What a waste of a high-rank medicine.' Nurnur silently expressed her dismissal.

Luscious hair jutted out of the lady's head, followed by her eyebrows, revealing a breathtaking countenance. Right as the hair on the eyelids finished growing, her eyes shot open, in alarm, noticing her clothes were in disarray, focusing on the figure of Wittral in proximity to glare in anger, "Who are you?"

"What have you done to me?"



Chapter 288 Influence Easing Elixir

"Who are you?" The lady shouted in alarm, "What have you done to me?"

"I healed you, nothing else." Wittral said as wind blew on the lady, pressuring her to the bed, preventing her from getting up, "You haven't finished healing yet. Stay put for now and let the medicine do its wonder."

"Medicine…?" The lady blinked in surprise before staring at her legs, flexing the toes, "I thought I lost them."

"My medicine healed them." Wittral nodded, proud upon seeing her shock.

"I see," The lady relaxed, speaking after taking a few seconds to gather her bearings, "I'll repay you in the future."

"Where is this place?"

"Fral Island," Wittral said, "In the Dralh Sea."

"Dralh Sea…" The lady stared at the figure of Nurnur, observing her bald head, black clothes, and black mascara, stating in realisation, "So you guys are from the Cooter Clan."

There wasn't any tone of respect used in her statement. It was just…calm, as if she had just entered the territory of another group of humans.

Free Humans stared at Cooter Clansmen in awe, always, gazing at them as if they were sons and daughters of heavens, while them, the Free Humans were merely dirt critters that wouldn't be able to survive without the Cooter Clan's protection.

From their birth, the Cooter Clansmen received those gazes, treating it as if it were natural. But now, upon seeing the lady's nonchalance, whether it was Wittral or Nurnur, they were shocked.

A Free Human could look at a Cooter Clansman in such a way? It seemed absurd, but here it was, on her face, an expression that didn't treat the Cooter Clan as anything special.

"Have you seen us before?" Wittral thought maybe the lady wasn't bright enough to realise who she was talking towards. And hence, he stressed their identity, "We are Cooter Clansmen,"

"From the legendary Cooter Clan."

"I'm aware," The Lady expressed confusion as she stared at Wittral, "The Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan are the strongest forces in Sumatra. That's a well-known fact. I have interacted with the Mammoth Clan in the past, so I know…"

"Bah, what can the Mammoth Clan do," Nurnur commented sarcastically. "They are merely slaves with a bit of strength."

"Anyway," The lady didn't entertain Nurnur's comment and stared at Wittral to say, "My ship got destroyed during the voyage. I have heard about the Cooter Clan's ship-building skills. If you can arrange a ride for me, I'll be sure to pay handsomely once I return home."

"Watch the tone you're using toward us…" Nurnur glared in anger, unsettled by the lady's calm attitude towards them, when the usual way would be for the Free Humans to prostrate and sing praises about them for a few minutes at the very least. The lady didn't even react to the high-ranking medicine bestowed upon her.

Wittral cut off her statement as he stared at the lady with interest, "Hey, can you tell me more about your place?"

"Do you wish to know about the Brimgan Empire?" The lady asked, "Sure, I don't mind, as long as you arrange for my return trip."

"Consider it done," Wittral grinned as he introduced himself, "I'm Wittral, an elite from the Cooter Clan. What about you?"

"Inala," The lady introduced herself, "Successor of Asaeya Enterprises, Brimgan Empire's leading merchant house."

"Ooh," Wittral was impressed, "How strong is the Brimgan Empire?"

"Why do you want to know about that?" Inala asked, on guard.

"I'm just curious, that's all." Wittral waved his hand, "I want to know more about the world beyond."

He snapped his finger and commanded Nurnur, "Bring some tea and refreshments for our guest here."

"Okay," Nurnur's figure vanished.

"Do you mind a casual conversation over tea?" Wittral asked, "I won't pry for any sensitive information. So, please tell me whatever you can say about your place."

"That's fine by me." Inala nodded and waited until Nurnur brought in tea, set a table, and poured a glass for Inala. She then sat right next to them, taking charge of filling up the glasses of both Inala and Wittral.

"The Brimgan Empire is one of the strongest forces on Sumatra," Inala said, commenting at Nurnur's snort, "You needn't express your ignorance so soon."

"I'll give you a chance for that later."

"Don't you dare go overboard!" Nurnur glared, emanating her presence as the stone house trembled in response. She was at the 6-Life Stage, after all, a powerhouse.

"Nurnur!" Wittral shouted as the trembling stopped. Even though his presence was vastly weaker than hers, it instinctively shut her up.

"How strong are they?" Wittral asked, acting as if Nurnur's outburst never happened.

Taking a few seconds to calm her trembling body, Inala tried her best to ignore Nurnur and spoke, "Well, any of our Royalty is capable of killing multiple Gold Grade Pranic Beasts singlehandedly. In terms of individual combat prowess, we're very strong."

"Well if we're talking about the Empire's strength as a whole," Inala closed her eyes and acted as if she was calculating, speaking in the end, "By exhausting all our strength, we're able to kill the current Boar King at least twice."

"You can kill the Boar King?" Wittral shouted in disbelief, "That's impossible!"

"Not anymore," Inala laughed, "The Boar King died twice in his recent fight against the Mammoth Clan. He's only at the peak of the Body Stage at present. He's not as invincible as before."

"The Mammoth Clan killed him…twice?" Wittral asked as his expression was no longer jovial, "Are you serious?"

"You can ask for the details from the Mammoth Clan," Inala nodded, "Or if you have any of your people in the Dieng Canyon, you'll be able to confirm the battle scene yourself. I have no reason to lie to you about something like this."

"That event was so shocking that the news has been spread across various communities of Humans and Pranic Beasts."

"Tell me more," Wittral asked, feeling his horizons were broadened, continuing to listen with rapt attention. After some time, even Nurnur stopped her snide remarks, caught in the tales weaved by Inala.

'Alright, I have successfully captured their attention.' Inala thought as he talked about various topics. By not praising the Cooter Clan as a Free Human, when Wittral and Nurnur had been receiving praises from Free Humans throughout their lives, he was subconsciously sparking their competitive spirit.

They wanted to make Inala praise them. Hence, they listened to everything he said, trying to use the details for comparison and to showcase their Clan's superiority in the various sectors.

Unlike the Mammoth Clan that roamed the lands and interacted with various communities, the Cooter Clan was relatively secluded and hence more cut off in terms of information.

They didn't even know about the Boar King's loss of two lives, which was a major event in the Sumatra Continent's recent history.

Soon, the Death Hour approached, but Wittral and Nurnur were still listening to Inala speak with great interest.

"When that Centinger unleashed an artillery strike at us, there was a golden flash of lightning. And the next moment, its body was in eight pieces." Inala said, "Our fourth Prince is very domineering with his Spirit Weapon control."

"Say," Wittral asked after thinking a little, "It seems your Brimgan Empire has everything. Then, why did you venture out to such dangerous regions?"

"Ah, about that," Inala smiled wryly, "My grandfather said only the Cooter Clan can create the Influence Easing Elixir. Because of the problems with my Human Avatar, I had no other choice but to come here."

"Of course," Wittral grinned, "You came to the right place."

"Only my Cooter Clan can produce the Influence Easing Elixir."



Chapter 289 Inala Bullshit Class 101

Natures had an effect on the entity that possessed them. This was never an issue for Pranic Beasts, because their Nature defined them.

But humans weren't born with a Nature. Hence, when they obtain a Nature at the Body Stage, they are influenced accordingly. At times, this change in character, mentality, and thought process caused problems for both their self and others around them.

There wasn't a solution to this other than to put up with it. The general prescription would be to meditate for a while without using their Nature and self-introspect themselves. They'll eventually come to terms with it and figure out a way to live as usual through the influence.

A Mammoth Clansman had two influences. The first was from their Nature while the second was from their Empyrean Tusks.

They generally didn't treat their mind to endure the influence like Free Humans. No, they generally let it run rampant. After all, irrespective of his powerful the influence got, it would never surpass the Empyrean Tusk's influence on them.

As a result, no matter how twisted they got, they'll still live in line as a Mammoth Clansman, serving the Mammoth Clan's interests. The best example of this was Bora Tusk.

But the farther away from the Empyrean Tusk they got, the weaker its influence on them. Eventually, the influence of their Natures would grow stronger.

Generally, most of the Mammoth Clansmen fused with Beginner or Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. The resultant Silver Grade Natures weren't strong enough to tip the scales in terms of influence.

The Mammoth Clansmen with the power of Advanced or Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were Settlement Leaders, Lady Mothers, and core pillars that protected the Mammoth Clan.

They never left their Empyrean Tusk, living there for all their lives. Hence, they never had to worry too much about the influence of their Natures.

This was why Asaeya faced a lot of mental issues. Not only was her Natures at the Expert Silver Grade, but she had two of them, with the effects of Akashic Transfer no different from doing drugs.

Hence, she was plagued with a lot of problems.

In the Cooter Clan, the Cooter Clansmen were regularly dispatched to various locations away from their Empyrean Snappers at three-month intervals. Many had to endure the influence of their Natures during these pressing times.

There were rare cases where a Cooter Clansman went mad. To solve such issues, the Cooter Clan developed the Influence Easing Elixir.

Its function was simple, which was to reduce the influence a Nature had on its owner. In their case, after consuming an Influence Easing Elixir, a Cooter Clansman would recover to normalcy. And by meditating in such a state, they would fully recover and wouldn't have to worry about going mad.

The effects of the Elixir would last long enough for the Clansman to strengthen their mind to the extreme, growing robust enough that even after the Elixir's effect wanes, the Nature's influence wouldn't be able to affect them to the extent it would bother them.

Had an Empyrean Boar consumed the Influence Easing Elixir, it wouldn't be subject to the potent influence of the hundreds of Natures that it had devoured. It would have been able to preserve its mind long enough for it to grow and eventually resist the influences on its own.

Unfortunately for the Empyrean Boar race, they were too far away from the Cooter Clan. As a result, they never got the Influence Easing Elixir and hence, were never able to overcome their pitiful fate until they were exterminated by the Mammoth Clan.

One of Inala's objectives was to get as many Influence Easing Elixirs as possible. Asaeya was in dire need of one, and so did he. Even though he was growing stronger, both physically and mentally, his Natures were maturing at a faster pace.

He had three Natures. Hence, the Influence Easing Elixir was a necessity for his growth too. Moreover, to have a safe cultivation journey, using an Influence Easing Elixir every time he built a new body was beneficial. Hence, he alone required ten of them.

His second objective was Wittral. But as he had just arrived, Inala focused on the first objective.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Claw!

Hearing Wittral's statement, Inala smiled wryly and activated his Prana Claw Skill. He stared at Nurnur and extended his hand toward her, "Do you mind if I were to demonstrate?"

"Go ahead," Nurnur wasn't in the least concerned as she extended her hand forward, 'Let's see what this Free Human can do. She doesn't seem strong enough…'

"Achk!" Nurnur screeched in pain as her Prana was sucked into Inala through his claw. The hard, shell-like texture of the claw felt cold to the touch, as if they were made purely out of bones, with no ounce of flesh and blood in them.

"That's my power," Inala retracted his hand and deactivated his Prana Claw Skill, watching Nurnur's twisted expression with a sadistic smile, "My power allows me to steal the Prana of my target through touch. It's very powerful, as you can judge."

"Dammit," Nurnur cursed in response upon seeing Inala proving his strength through her. Even though she wished to retort, her heart rate had accelerated, causing her face to flush red. There was pain in her chest, with his Spirit Container trembling mildly due to Prana being forcefully taken out of it.

Her Spirit Container had a mild crack. Even though she mended the damage within a couple of seconds, the extent of the damage was an evident display of Inala's frightening power.

"My Human Avatar is built using a Silver Grade mineral," Inala said, "The power it grants me is very potent, but its influence is equally worse."

He said, followed by a sigh, "Whenever I see someone, I feel an intense urge to attack them and steal their Prana. I have suffered a lot in the past because of this. It is why I took the risk to leave the Brimgan Empire in search of the Influence Easing Elixir."

"Alas," He said with a forlorn expression, "All the people on my ship, and the goods I brought to exchange for the Influence Easing Elixir have been destroyed by those blasted Pranic Beasts."

"I can't imagine it being difficult for you with the level of strength you displayed," Wittral commented, observing the changes in Nurnur's facial expression to judge the potency of Inala's ability, "And if you're from a powerful merchant house, there should have been strong guards posted for your safety, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, eyes red, tears streaming, "I was accompanied by two of my uncles. One was in the 4-Life Stage while the other was in the 5-Life Stage. Both stayed back to stall the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that chased us relentlessly."

"They might still be alive," Nurnur commented, "It's hard for a master to die with multiple lives at their disposal."

"I hope that is the case," Inala nodded and wiped his tears. He then stared at Wittral, "You seem special even among Cooter Clansmen. Can I compensate you in any way for the Influence Easing Elixir? I desperately need one."

"I seem special?" Wittral asked, his eyes mildly widening in surprise, interested to see what Inala had to say, "Why do you think so?"

"Well…" Inala dragged his words, seemingly trying to articulate his thoughts as he spoke in the end, staring into Wittral's eyes, "I feel a mysterious sense of oppression from you."

"It's as if the world is at your beck and call."



Chapter 290 Triggering Three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts

"It's as if the world is at your beck and call."

Hearing Inala's statement greatly improved Wittral's mood. On the side, Nurnur grinned smugly, barely able to conceal her pride.

'Our Deity is amazing enough that it's impossible to mask their deific nature.' Nurnur chuckled softly, "Well, Wittral is slightly special as a Mammoth Clansman."

"Hahaha, you have a way with words unlike anyone I have ever met." Wittral laughed as he patted his thigh, "Alright, I'll bring you as many Influence Easing Elixirs as you want. In return, you must tell me more about the outside world."

"It's a deal then." Inala grinned, "My merchant house has trade deals with many human Kingdoms. So, I know a lot of things that happen in our region."

"I look forward to hearing it then." Wittral nodded and got up once he observed that Inala had finished healing fully, "I'll return shortly after."

"I can help if there's anything you want from my side," Inala said and got up, "I'm skilled in a variety of areas."

"That's not necessary," Wittral smiled and announced, "You'll be treated as a guest of my Cooter Clan. So, don't worry and just enjoy the sights."

"This place has a breathtaking view during the night."

"Okay," Inala nodded and watched Wittral and Nurnur leave to deal with the Pranic Beasts swarming their island. Well, the stationed Cooter Clansmen were more than enough for that.

Wittral intended to head deeper into the water to fight strong Silver Grade Pranic Beasts as part of his daily training curriculum.

Exiting the house, Inala arrived at the edge and stared at Dralh Sea, observing three dots gazing at him from six kilometres away, "Took you long enough to arrive."

Mystic Bone Art—Water Sprint!

This was the Skill he created by conceptualising his training sessions, allowing him to run on water at breakneck speeds. With spectacular agility, he travelled the distance between Leh Island and Fral Island in less than a day.

After all, unlike if he travelled in the Sumatra Ship where it was necessary to tank the attacks from Pranic Beasts, he was at full sprint now. And if any Pranic Beast intended to attack him, he would simply leap away.

Four Empyrean Zinger Scouts in miniature form revolved around him, keeping watch of his surroundings. They alerted him of possible dangers, preventing him from being caught in a conflict by any Pranic Beast.

They shot Prana Bombs into the Pranic Beasts that dared come close. With its Prana getting sucked, the Pranic Beast would be in a state of fluster. By the time it recovers, Inala would be long gone.

With Prana being supplied to him steadily through the biome in his stomach, Inala didn't have to worry about Prana expenditure, hence capable of going at top speed for extended durations.

It was why the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were unable to catch up. After all, unlike him, they couldn't make a beeline through the water, oftentimes having had to confront Pranic Beasts whose territories they barged into.

Inala purposely led them through such a path, ensuring they wouldn't catch up to him.

'Seems their tracking skills are spectacular.' He thought, observing the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts catch up to him despite being separated by a few hours of travel.

Since they were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, they were extremely smart. But oftentimes, emotions trumped logic. And Inala's taunting did exactly that.

No one had ever taunted a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. So, the first time someone did that, they were unable to take it lying down and hence pursued him.

But right as they arrived, they noticed Wittral jumping into the water, becoming terrified immediately.

After all, they could feel it, brimming out of Wittral was an overbearing presence that could only come out from an entity that stood at the peak of the Sumatra Continent.

Seeing the Dralh Sea in his vicinity react to his actions and embrace him, the three Pranic Beasts realised his identity. Only an Empyrean Snapper was so domineering.

Even though Wittral was young, his Nature was one of the strongest to exist on Sumatra Continent. At least one of the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would die in the battle if they were to fight him. And in the off chance they kill him, the Cooter Clan would pursue them to the ends of the continent like rabid dogs.

It just wasn't worth it. Hence, upon seeing Inala enter the territory governed by an Empyrean Snapper, the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts decided to retreat. Of course, Inala didn't want that, for he planned to use them.

[Curses!]

[This human is going too far!]

[Kill him! Kill her! Kill it!]

Inala made poses similar to yoga, making distinct characters using his limbs. He was mimicking the language used by the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts to communicate with one another.

Many Pranic Beasts around Leh Island were influenced by these three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. And a good number of them were linked to the three in terms of genetic closeness. All these Pranic Beasts too used the same language.

Silver Grade Pranic Beasts had intelligence on par with humans, while Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were superior. Hence, creating a mode of communication wasn't all that spectacular.

Inala killed a bunch of Pranic Beasts practicing this language, extracting the necessary data from them. It was precisely what he had used to speak to them before when he taunted them.

And now, he was employing the same in written form. The written form was seldom used other than to mark territories, but it still was actively practiced. The structure was empirical at best and was typically inscribed using a Spirit Weapon.

His figure made poses, knowing very well that the eyesight of the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts was good enough to make out his form clearly. And the message he was sending them angered them, for it was purposely offensive.

[See this Empyrean Snapper? He's called Wittral, my beloved. We're planning to have a child soon. And to boost his mating drive, I promised him to cook your testicles. Keep them clean, okay?]

Right after conveying this statement, Inala flashed a flying kiss in their direction, grinning upon seeing the sea around the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts bubble intensely, displaying their anger.

'Okay, they'll never leave this place now.' Grinning at the thought, Inala stretched his limbs and returned to the stone house. He patted the grass bed and fell asleep, dead tired after the intense sprint.

He slept like a log, unconcerned about whatever the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were about to do. That was Wittral's headache, not his.

'Let them take out each other.' Inala was deep asleep, not in the least guarded as this place was safe. No Pranic Beast would be able to get this high up the mountain before being gunned down by the Cooter Clansmen.

Including Wittral, there were nineteen of them in total at Fral Island. Sixteen were at the Body Stage while two were at the 6-Life Stage. Adding onto Wittral, an Empyrean Snapper, this was a sizeable force.

With the Cooter Clan's defensive arrangements, it would be hard for Fral Island to be breached.

Three hours later, Wittral returned, significantly injured. But his injuries healed in a matter of seconds as for a moment, he glared at the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that had revealed their presence and were actively inviting him for a battle.

"Hmph!" He snorted in disdain as he casually scaled up the mountain, soon returning to his favourite spot and entered the stone house. Staring at the lady who slept on the grass bed without a single concern, he let out a smile subconsciously, 'I want to know more about the world beyond.'

He gently tapped her awake, asking once she got up, "Let's continue the chat from before, Inala."



