Chapter 151 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 2)

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala opened his mouth wide and swallowed an Elixir vial.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

He activated it in full swing, causing his stomach to transform into a biome, just like an Empyrean Tusk's. Of course, his biome was unstable, as he didn't store enough resources in his body to maintain such a spatial distortion.

Therefore, he was burning through Prana rapidly to maintain it. Since he only needed to maintain it for a short while, Inala could endure the expenditure.

He first swallowed all twelve Mid-Grade Elixir vials, followed by over a hundred Low-Grade Elixirs. He only stopped because he had hit his limit, sighing, 'Had I reached the end of the Body Stage, I could have stolen more. These Elixirs will support our growth.'

But that wasn't an issue. He brought three Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Taking chance when there were no eyes on him, the three Empyrean Zinger Scouts reached their full body size, swallowed as many Elixirs as possible by turning their stomachs into biomes too, and resumed their miniature forms. They were burning through Prana faster than him to maintain it.

Acting nonchalant, Inala slipped out of the Elixir Section, of course, not without hurling a string of expletives, becoming part of the group of angry customers that stormed out due to the crappy service.

Since the Elixirs were inside his biome, all Prana signatures emanating from them were cut off, hence rendering the detectors at the establishment exit useless.

He left the establishment and returned home, vomiting out all the contents before a surprised Asaeya.

"You stole?" She shouted in a fluster.

"Don't mind it." Saying so, Inala turned around to face the six captive thugs, "So, how are they faring?"

"They're blind, deaf, can't smell anything…" Asaeya casually listed a bunch of things she did to them. At present, the thugs couldn't even raise a scream, for their voices too had been snuffed out, absolutely terror-stricken.

"Prepare two chairs," Inala said to Asaeya and stared at the figure of Erwahllu who observed his actions with an incredulous gaze.

"Who…are you?" She was unable to control her shock. What Inala displayed here was beyond what she ever thought was possible.

"Grandma, do you want an Elixir?" Inala asked, "You can reach the Body Stage by consuming one. That will increase your lifespan…"

"I'll pass," She sighed and shook her head, "An Elixir's too valuable to be squandered on these old bones."

"Just use it on yourselves."

Inala smiled wryly and didn't force her. They were just strangers at the end of the day. He was simply being polite, and also because her presence might have a positive influence on baby Gannala.

'Well, it's a work in progress. She'll warm up to us over time.' Thinking as such, Inala took a seat on a chair Asaeya had laid in the courtyard. The other chair was placed three metres opposite to him. Inala crossed his legs and closed his eyes, waiting patiently.

His Empyrean Zinger Scouts were posted around the house, informing him of everything they saw.

Maharell Wares and Services!

In a room on the topmost floor was Maharell, the owner. He had been going through the accounts of his establishment when the thug released by Inala walked in, bowing in fear, "W-We failed, sir."

"Is that so?" Maharell didn't even spare a glance his way, continuing to stare at his account book as he spoke, casually, "Is this person strong?"

"I didn't know what hit us. We were all unconscious and bound before we realised what had happened." The thug said, trembling as he continued, "He…He has requested for your presence at his house immediately."

"Not worth it," Maharell waved his hand casually, "Go away now. I'll call you when there's work for you."

"Sir, the rest of our group is held captive by him…" The thug didn't even finish the sentence when a bag of coins fell before him.

"Use it to buy them back. Anything else?" Maharell asked.

"N-No sir," Saying so, the thug grabbed the bag and ran away.

'Seems Spirit Stage cultivators aren't a match for him.' He thought for a moment before resuming focus on his accounts. He was a busy man. And every second of his time wasted meant a loss of a lot of money.

"Lord Maharell, there's been an issue!" Suddenly, a staff entered his room and shouted in a fluster.

"What now?" Maharell stated in annoyance, "Can't you see I'm busy…"

"Our Elixirs have been stolen!" The staff said in a flurry.

Bang!

Maharell got up with a start, causing his table to shatter in response as Prana billowed out of him in a torrent. He glared at the staff, causing the latter to shudder, "Speak!"

"Who dares to do so?"

"It's a man named Inala." The staff said, "He's the one that bought Erwahllu's property."

He took out a tablet from his pocket and gave it to Maharell, "This was a note left in the cabinet where we stored the twelve Mid-Grade Elixirs!"

"Inala…" Maharell seethed in rage. But as a seasoned merchant, he calmed down immediately, realising that actions taken in fury would most of the time, result in a loss. He stared at the tablet and read the line inscribed there.

[Come and have a chat with me—Inala]

It was a short statement. But it was a blatant display of power, proving that Inala did not need to introduce himself since Maharell would have investigated the latter already.

"Bring me the list of items he had stolen from us," Maharell said and waited a couple of minutes. Once the staff tallied the list, he stared at it. His face turned beet red from anger, "This fucker is crazy!"

The current market price for a Low-Grade Elixir was anywhere between 8000 to 22,000 Parute. A Mid-Grade Elixir costs anywhere from 44,000 Parute to 104,000 Parute. The exchange rate between their currency, Pella and Parute was 40 to 1.

One Parute netted 40 Pella. In other words, he lost a shit ton of money!

"Get my carriage." Maharell announced as he snapped his finger, causing a team of masked men to appear before him, all at the Body Stage, "We're going out to teach a bastard some lesson."

"Yes, sir!" The team of masked men shouted in unison. They were all tethering around the peak of the Body Stage. Their team leader was at the 2-Life Stage, a powerful cultivator.

Maharell himself was at the 6-Life Stage and had fused with the most expensive material money could buy. This was a squad powerful enough to intimidate any force, causing the powerful merchants on the main road to divert their attention onto Maharell as he entered the narrow street adjacent to the main road.

The carriage stopped before a dingy shop as Maharell glared at the person casually seated in the courtyard behind, balancing a fruit on his nose. When it fell off balance, he gobbled it up with his mouth, appearing playful and completely unperturbed by Maharell's presence.

'This fucker is Inala?' Maharell felt mildly intimidated already.



Chapter 152 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 3)

Erwahllu was seated in her usual place in the dingy shop. But unlike before, her eyes were no longer vacant. Rather, they were brimming with energy, mildly excited about whatever Inala was doing.

Well, it couldn't be helped since in the last phase of her life, she was treated to a front-row seat of a conflict, especially against the man she detested to the extreme.

Maharell stared at Erwahllu and snorted mildly. He was older than her. And obviously, as neighbours, they had some history. He then peered into the courtyard and observed Inala, 'A youth around 24 years old. He's already at the Body Stage. But, I don't see where he gets this confidence from.'

"You talk to him first." Maharell pointed at one of his guards.

"Yes, sir." The guard nodded and entered the courtyard, stopping a couple metres before Inala, "Were you the one that stole our wares?"

"…" Inala casually dug into his ear and stared at the earwax in shock, "Damn! I need to clean my ears regularly."

"Are you mad?" The guard became angry at being disrespected so blatantly like this. He clenched his hand into a fist, activating his Human Avatar to transform into a metallic giant.

Just before he was about to attack Inala, the guard noticed the six thugs bound at the side. They were terror-struck and seemed to be mouthing at him to not attack. But it was too late already.

Energy condensed at the tip of his fist, intending to pummel Inala into a paste. But right as the attack was about to land, the guard heard a faint clapping sound. The next moment, he became terrified.

He was blind, deaf, couldn't hear, lost his sense of touch, and couldn't speak either. It wasn't limited to that as even his motor senses were stolen, causing his figure to plop to the ground.

Without his active control, his Human Avatar disappeared, reverting him to his human form. Inala calmly set his foot on the guard's head and stared at the carriage, "I'm not a patient guy."

"Fine," A voice resounded from inside as Maharell stepped out, his expression serious as he stared at Inala.

"Come, come. Sit here." Inala excitedly pointed at the chair before him. It was a rough-looking chair that seemed to have been carved just recently.

Maharell took his seat and glared at Inala, "Tell me now."

"Do you want to drink something?" Inala asked and snapped his finger. "We have just arrived here, so we don't have tea. But we'll serve you the next best thing."

At the snap of his finger, Asaeya exited their house, holding a tea tray as she brought a cup to Maharell. The cup was an old porcelain, containing only about twenty millilitres of a greyish-black liquid.

At the sight of the liquid, Maharell fumed, "Are you screwing around with me?"

"Of course not, sir." Inala waved his hand in a hurry, "It is only apt that we show the appropriate respect for someone of high stature such as you."

"That's why we're serving you an Elixir."

The liquid in the tea cup was a Low-Grade Elixir. It cost around 9000 Parute. In their local currency, it was 360,000 Pella, a fortune enough to buy a luxurious carriage. It was also the annual income of a lower middle-class citizen household.

It was Maharell's Elixir that was being served to him, an action no different from slapping his face and making him lick his wounds in public.

Prana billowed out of his body as Maharell got up with a start, intending to destroy Inala. "You dare mock ME?"

"It finally dawned on you, eh?" Inala grinned as suddenly, two Life Hands burst out of the wooden chair Maharell was seated upon and grabbed his legs.

Immediately in response, Maharell shrieked shrilly as his Lifeforce was sucked in rapidly.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Upon its activation, the rate of Maharell's Lifeforce being stolen increased, resulting in him losing control of his Prana. He was a merchant. And despite having cultivation at the 6-Life Stage, he was weak, for that was attained through Elixirs and not through training.

Basically, he had little to no battle experience.

"Protect him!" The guards rushed into the courtyard, intending to save Maharell when Asaeya stared at them and smiled brightly.

She then opened her mouth and uttered with her soft voice, "Hello there."

All guards became blind and deaf instantly, terrified as a result. They had never faced such an ability before, unprepared to endure or counter it.

Death Knells were rare on Sumatra Continent as is. Grim Knells were even rarer, existing only in the most treacherous regions of Sumatra where Gold Grade Pranic Beasts ran amok.

Ganrimb Kingdom was situated in a safe region, with the only enemy they faced being the Slump Lizards. Therefore, they had only experienced the effects of a couple of Natures at the Iron Grade. A Silver Grade Nature was a whole other matter.

"W-What is this?"

"H-Help me!"

"Please, spare me. I'll do anything. Please, please!"

As his guards cried, Maharell stared at Inala, terrified. He felt weak, as his body had aged considerably due to his Lifeforce getting stolen. The pain from losing his Lifeforce overwhelmed him to the extent he couldn't even activate his Human Avatar.

Inala grabbed the tea cup from Asaeya and crouched before the figure of Maharell who was prostrated on the floor in pain, "Sir, you are our guest. Please don't be impolite and accept our hospitality."

He brought the cup before Maharell's face, "If you drink this, you'll stop growing older. If you don't, well…pick a good river segment for your ashes to be dissolved, alright?"

"I…I'll drink…I'll DRINK, dammit!" Maharell shrieked and gobbled up the contents of the teacup in an instant. He lost his fighting spirit once Asaeya stole his eyesight.

Inala retracted his Life Hands. He had returned to his teenage version already. Hence, he condensed a Life Bomb and made it absorb all the excess Lifeforce in his body. He poked a hole in it, poured some of its contents into the tea cup and made Maharell drink it, causing him to recover some of his lost Lifeforce.

Originally, he looked like someone in his thirties. Now, he looked like someone in his forties.

Inala nodded at Asaeya, motioning for her to return home and deactivate her power. Once that happened, the guards got up in unison, in relief upon recovering their senses, their expression one of fear as they stared at Inala.

"Be there," Inala casually addressed them. In response, the guards stood like statues, unwilling to budge in the slightest.

Inala helped up Maharell to his seat and spoke, "Sir, are you alright?"

"You looked like you were about to die. So, I had no other choice but to use my life-saving treasure on you." Inala sighed and expressed his worry, "In these troubled times, it's hard to make a living. I'm saddened by the fact, but I have no other choice but to charge you."

He took out a contract and placed it before Maharell, causing the latter to spit blood upon seeing the terms. "You…you're a monster!"

"How rude! I'm a doctor!" Inala pouted. A second later, he pointed at the contract, "You can sign here."



Chapter 153 Never Mess with the Crazy

"Go on," Inala urged Maharell, his voice calm and soft. He had never spoken so gently in his life. But, such a gentle voice was akin to the devil's whisper in Maharell's ears.

The contract stated that Maharell would never legally move against the shop Inala owned from a business side of things. If he dared so, he'd be required to pay a Mid-Grade Elixir as compensation every month for as long as he conducted business.

At first glance, this seemed like a fair deal, created to ensure Maharell wouldn't target Inala's shop. But in their short interaction, Maharell realised a valuable point.

Inala was a madman!

The moment this contract is signed, Inala will softly target Maharell Wares and Services. He wouldn't harm the goods, staff, or the customers. Therefore, he wouldn't be legally held accountable.

Inala's actions would be similar to a housefly, harmless to the most extent but extremely irritating. As long as Inala were to keep at it for some time, even if Maharell held back, someone else in power at his establishment would retaliate.

As long as that someone was Maharell's relative, staff, or an outsider he was on good terms with, the clauses of the contract would come into effect. That would place Maharell in Inala's debt, forcing him to pay a Mid-Grade Elixir every month.

But the worst part of this contract was the fact that the reparations could stack. Meaning, if Maharell was aggressive towards Inala twice, he would be forced to pay two Mid-Grade Elixirs every month.

The moment Maharell does anything, he would be shooting himself in the foot. He would lose everything he had built from scratch, ending up liquidating everything to purchase Mid-Grade Elixirs for Inala's use.

'He would definitely do that.' Staring at Inala's gentle expression, Maharell felt more and more terrified, 'I made a mistake! I underestimated him just because he's in the Body Stage. What the heck is he?'

"Kill me and be done with it," Maharell stated resolutely, "I'm never signing that."

"Is that so?" Inala sighed and retracted the contract, "Too bad."

Inala backing out only pressured Maharell. He panicked, unable to determine what Inala planned to do next. Unfortunately for him, what Inala had thought was a stage above whatever nightmare Maharell had assumed would happen next.

"You guys," Inala waved at the guards, "Your boss wants to evade all responsibility and die. You know…when that happens, I'll hold you all accountable."

"Including your families," He laughed, "You have been affected by a certain power of mine that's akin to a disease. Whenever I want, I can make you lose all your senses like before. But, that's not limited to you alone."

"Your entire bloodline would be infected with the same."

"S-Sir, please spare us!" The captain of the guards slammed his head into the ground in apology, "Take my life, but don't touch my family."

"How rude," Inala acted like he was offended, "We're living in a civilised society. I'm not going to harm your family or anything. It's just that…"

"Well, forget it." Inala shrugged and waved his hand, motioning for them to leave, "You don't need to do anything. Just leave."

"You sure?" The captain of the guards asked in hope.

"Yeah," Inala nodded and turned silent, watching the guards scurry away. But right as they reached the courtyard's exit, he uttered softly, "Look around the city one last time."

"You won't be able to do so after this."

The team of guards stopped abruptly. Their bodies were drenched with sweat, nervous, tensed, unable to determine if only they were getting punished or their families too. unless that was clarified, they couldn't leave.

Inala showed no intention of clarifying them, causing the captain of the guards to break out mentally and beg, "W-What do you want us to do?"

"Nothing," Inala shrugged once again and casually spoke, "If I need anything, I can simply get it from Maharell Wares and Services. None of you guys have the capability to notice my actions. Therefore,"

He smiled, "There's nothing you can do for me."

Inala patted Maharell on the shoulder, "Same for you, sir."

"Do you think the City Lord would allow you to rampage around as you please?" Maharell was at the end of his wits, hence decided to use his final card—intimidation using the name of a stronger existence.

"Go ahead and ask for his assistance." Inala didn't seem to mind that. He casually propped Maharell up and motioned for him to leave, "Do you want to visit the City Lord's mansion now or later?"

"I can accompany you there if you want."

'W-What the fuck?' Inala's actions flustered Maharell. He couldn't make sense of Inala's disposition. Was he simply crazy or didn't even place them in his eye because of a powerful backing? He couldn't tell.

And considering how a fledgling Body Stage Inala subdued a 6-Life Stage Maharell, it was apparent that Inala was on a whole other level of strength. Someone that strong at such a young age wasn't anyone simple.

"I…I'll sign the contract," Maharell said dejectedly, quickly grabbing the contract from Inala to sign and stamp it.

"You can notarise it yourself." Inala waved his hands, motioning for Maharell to leave.

"I'll notarise it and return immediately." Saying so, Maharell sped away in his carriage. A couple of hours later, he returned, exhausted, giving a copy of the contract to Inala. It had been notarised by the Notary Board in the City Council.

Once notarised, the contract was legally effective. Even though it was a messed-up contract, Maharell had no other choice but to sign it. After all, this at least gave him some peace of mind.

As long as he ensures his people never go anywhere near Inala's shop, he could avoid paying the price. But if he didn't sign the contract, he would have no idea what Inala might do next. That was a hundred times more terrifying.

Maharell didn't wish to lose everything he had built up. He acted otherwise to appear resolute, but he held his life dear, unwilling to die.

With a slumped back, a dejected Maharell boarded his carriage and returned to his establishment. Once they were gone, Asaeya returned to the courtyard and stared at Inala to ask, "Are you sure he wouldn't team up with the other merchants to retaliate against us?"

"He'll have that thought." Inala nodded, "But he'll never do that."

"Why are you so sure?" Asaeya wondered, unable to understand the thought process behind Inala's actions.

"This is a dog-eat-dog world where the survival of the fittest reigns supreme." Inala said, "No matter how strong you are, a mistake, and you'll end up in a vicious cycle where you'll lose everything. And in the end, you'll be devoured by someone else. That holds true for merchants even more. None of them are allies of each other."

"Besides," He grinned, "Anyone that lives long would know and abide by this fact resolutely."

"What's that?" Asaeya asked.

Inala laughed and began to bring the wooden chairs into their house, "Never mess with the crazy."



Chapter 154 Sumatra Chronicles Heroine

Zahara Kingdom!

It was a Human Kingdom that had existed for more than two centuries, decently successful among Human Kingdoms.

Established atop a mountain range, Zahara Kingdom was a hilly civilisation that used the terrain's advantage to forge a future. They were rather successful at that.

The mountain range was rich with resources, with some of them being powerful materials to forge Human Avatars. And despite the deaths they faced from the surrounding Pranic Beast invasions, the Kingdom's population was at a steady incline.

At this rate, as long as they continue developing for a few more centuries, they'll eventually evolve into an Empire. They only had to make decently smart decisions and avoid any drastic setbacks to succeed.

If they played their cards right, they'll survive well past a millennium, the criteria achieved by all major Empires on Sumatra. Until now, they were on the right track. Until now, that is.

The Zahara King exited his palace and slumped to his knees, trembling in terror alongside his ministers, the strongest of his Kingdom. None of them had the confidence to resist, the sense of doom pervading their minds.

'We worked so hard to reach this far.' The Zahara King despaired, 'Is today our last? Frustrating! I can't do anything, not against him!'

The King, the Princes and Princesses, the ministers, prominent people from the government, etc. More than eighty percent of the Kingdom's peak power was currently concentrated at the palace grounds, with the cultivation of them all tethering on the latter half of the Life Stage.

But despite that, they held no hope of being able to face the other party, a youth at the peak of the Body Stage. An infamous existence that was the most popular in Sumatra Continent due to the sheer terror he caused in everyone.

Pretty much every single human civilisation had posters of his image circulating around. Tales were created, songs were sung of his power, and even plays were conducted to display his feats. The individual who had singlehandedly resulted in the significant weakening of the strongest force in Sumatra and struck enough fear in them that they avoided him to this day.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

Visiting the Zahara Kingdom was none other than Brangara, the Boar King. He might only be at the peak of the Body Stage, but he was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The current strength he possessed was that of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that had reached maturity.

It wasn't something a Kingdom could face. Maybe an Empire could resist the current him, as long as they prepared themselves to lose most of their strength in the process.

The Zahara King prostrated on the ground, displaying no will to fight, knowing very well the consequences of doing so. He didn't even ask Brangara's purpose in visiting his Kingdom, only hoping the latter would leave after satisfying whatever he wanted here.

"You don't need to fear." Brangara observed the humans and stated casually, "Five thousand virgin women at the Spirit Stage and under thirty years in age. Bring them to me."

"Please give us a week." The Zahara King neither asked for the reason nor refused, simply asking for the time he needed to bring the numbers, "We'll need to bring them from many far away cities."

"One week," Brangara nodded upon understanding the Zahara King had quoted the shortest duration possible, "That's fair. I'll wait here until then."

"Go, find the best women our Kingdom has to offer." The Zahara King ordered his ministers.

Even though the ministers were disappointed in their King, they had no other choice but to heed his orders. They understood the situation at play. Even if they wished, they couldn't do anything else. Of course, even though the King ordered them to bring out their best women, that wasn't what he implied.

They wouldn't bring out the talented women who would become future pillars of their Kingdom. The ministers began to think of ways to please the Boar King, intending to select only those within the criteria set by the Boar King who had more beauty than talent.

"You see, they'll be birthing my family." It seemed Brangara could guess their thoughts as he laid out a statement.

"Y-You mean?" The Zahara King felt his ears were playing a trick. He stared at Brangara with utmost fear and respect, asking again, "You're not planning to consume them?"

"Why would I ask you if I wanted to do that?" Brangara snorted, "I could simply swallow your entire Kingdom and filter through the Primary Natures I wanted."

"These five thousand women will be my wives and would work in birthing my descendants. They'll be pivotal in the creation of my Wean Clan." He concluded.

He just finished speaking when Prana burst out of the bodies of all the ministers, including the King, not in anger, but one of excitement. All humans instinctively considered Tribesmen and Clansmen as murky inferiors, irrespective of their strength, unwilling to become part of them.

But, becoming the Clansmen of the Boar King was completely different. The Wean Clan will be the first Clan in Sumatra that's related to a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The Wean Clansmen will be superior to even the likes of Mammoth Clansmen and Cooter Clansmen.

Moreover, once this happens, it means the Zahara Kingdom was fundamentally tied to the Boar King. Since all his wives would be from the Zahara Kingdom, they'll have that relation through their daughters.

That meant, in the likelihood of the Zahara Kingdom facing a threat, they could request the Boar King's help. In the future, the Wean Clan itself would support them.

The entirety of Sumatra would know that the Wean Clan was birthed from the Zahara Kingdom. Therefore, no force, whether Human or Pranic Beast would dare target the Zahara Kingdom.

It didn't matter even if the Wean Clan doesn't support them in the future. Just the fact that no other force would actively target them meant the Zahara Kingdom could actively grow and quickly attain Empire status.

Besides, through this relationship, they could even mine the precious minerals at Varahan Enclave to forge stronger Human Avatars. Maybe that would be the key that allows the Zahara Kingdom to birth a hero who eventually attains strength on par with a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, something only the Brimgan Empire had achieved to date.

Everyone in the royal palace sped away frantically, intending to bring the best women from their own families. As long as their daughter becomes the official first wife of Brangara, their status would shoot up to an unprecedented level.

"Please look at her," The Zahara King was the first to arrive, in tow with his most cherished daughter, "She's our Kingdom's gem, the most talented in our history. She was born with 99 Prana, an unprecedented existence."

"I have forced her to remain at the Spirit Stage as I have yet to chance upon a mineral worthy enough for her Human Avatar to be built upon."

"Is that so?" Brangara stared at the girl, becoming surprised a moment later, 'She's special!'

Yarsha Zahara—Sumatra Chronicles Heroine!



Chapter 155 Yarsha Blackmails Brangara

Born in the same year as Resha, Yarsha Zahara would make an appearance during the Third Major Disaster in Sumatra Chronicles.

Two years from now, the Zahara Kingdom chances upon a mysterious mineral, unlike anything in one of the mountains in their territory. Yarsha Zahara forges her Human Avatar using it, attaining a terrifying level of strength.

Her power wasn't geared in terms of fighting but was strategic in nature, capable of refining the Humans Avatars of others and on rare occasions, even mutating them.

Yes, she was the first among humans to create a Mutated Human Avatar, allowing the talented cultivators of her Kingdom to possess two Natures.

That fact alone instantly caused the strength of their Kingdom to shoot up exponentially, making them reach an Empire level in a mere few decades.

Unfortunately for them, their fortune became their curse. Zahara Kingdom was situated 5000 kilometres from Varahan Enclave. To date, the reason they stood strong was because they were too weak for the Boar King to notice them.

But once their strength ballooned and they reached an Empire's level, it caused waves throughout all Pranic Beast territories in the region. The Boar King felt it and arrived at the Zahara Empire, reducing it to rubble.

Yarsha Zahara was one of the few survivors. She, along with her Royal Guard that had survived, vacated the place. Hoping to exact vengeance against the Boar King, they roamed Sumatra Continent, building up their strength in the process.

Everyone in her Royal Guard had two Natures and were in the Life Stage. They were powerhouses. Yarsha Zahara too became strong once she completed her Secondary Nature.

During their travels, they were enveloped in the mess created by the Third Major Disaster. That was when Yarsha meets Resha and eventually falls in love with him.

Of course, Resha was already married by then. And his wife hates Yarsha to the core, even ending up stabbing him multiple times as a result.

Due to the strength difference, Resha's wife fails to deal with Yarsha whose talents are inferior only to Resha.

In the end, unwilling to set aside her pride to become Resha's second wife, Yarsha makes her exit. She bears Resha's child, but nothing is revealed about that.

Yarsha never appears after the Third Major Disaster. Her duration of stay in Sumatra Chronicles amounted to less than a hundred chapters. But her impact was so significant that all readers considered her the heroine of the story and not Resha's wife.

And now, since history had changed a lot, the Boar King met Yarsha prematurely. But this time, it wasn't as enemies.

"What's your name?" Brangara approached the fifteen-year-old girl and asked, sensing the purified waves of Prana emanating from her, 'Who is this girl? Even I've never seen such a human…'

A memory he wished to suppress at the depths of his consciousness surfaced, causing him to recall the time of torture at the hands of Undrakha, the then Mammoth Clan Chief.

Brangara recalled the figure of Gannala, an existence that stood at the pinnacle of Empyrean Tusks. When Gannala was just born and remained in her human form, her presence matched what Brangara sensed from the girl before him.

"Yarsha Zahara," The girl introduced herself. Her eyes were bright. She was terrified of the Boar King, but unlike the others, her will to resist wasn't in the least affected.

Had she possessed even an ounce of power, she would have fought the Boar King to the death. 'Courageous, possesses a strong will, and exudes the same level of dominance as Gannala. She's different from the rest.'

If Gannala could be considered the ruler of Empyrean Tusks, then Yarsha Zahara was the ruler of Free Humans.

Brangara stared at her and gently grabbed her hand, "Do you wish to reach the peak of cultivation?"

"I do," Yarsha Zahara nodded without an ounce of hesitation, "But I will remain a Free Human."

"I won't become a Clansman."

"That's fine," Brangara laughed, "The first generation can't become Clansmen. And you're too valuable to be wasted for something like that."

He held her hand tighter and proclaimed, "Our child will be an Empyrean Boar. And you'll remain a Free Human, the strongest the Free Humans have ever seen."

"Do you accept my proposal?" He asked.

"You haven't given me any reason to refuse." Yarsha Zahara smiled. Her sole condition was to remain a Free Human. And Brangara accepted it without hesitation.

It meant that her husband would be the Boar King without her losing any of what made her herself. There wasn't a better deal than that.

Just as Brangara felt that things were going positively, Yarsha Zahara suddenly put forth a condition, causing the Zahara King to break out into cold sweat in fear.

"What did you say?" Brangara felt like he hadn't heard her clearly, asking her to repeat herself.

"The only woman you'll ever sleep with is me." Yarsha Zahara said and pointed her index finger at her neck, causing Prana to condense into a pointy sphere.

Even without the respective Nature, her control over Prana was at such a level that she could exhibit the power of Prana Shock. What she proposed was simple. If the Boar King fails to accept her proposition, she'll commit suicide.

"Do you think you have the means to blackmail me?" Brangara snorted, "Your entire Kingdom is merely a speck of dust before me."

"Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Empyrean Boar King." Yarsha Zahara calmly uttered, "Sumatra Continent has never witnessed an existence stronger than you. Even among Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts recorded in our history, you stand head and shoulders above them. But,"

"You're alone, the last of your kind." Her eyes calmly stared into Brangara's as she continued, "Your goal for arriving at my Kingdom is to create Clansmen similar to the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan. Through your Wean Clan, you'll result in the birth of Empyrean Boars. Am I right until now?"

"You are…" Brangara said, his eyes cold.

"That makes it simple, then." She caused the Prana in her fingertips to transform into the image of an Empyrean Boar, shocking Brangara.

It was hard to control Prana directly, hence why every single existence used it through either a Skill or Nature. The most one could control it directly was by infusing it in something or making it flow in a direction.

Yarsha here was able to manipulate her Prana to condense it, knead and shape it, and even make it exhibit traces of abilities like the Primary Nature of Shock Lizards—Prana Shock.

Making note of Brangara's expression, Yarsha commented, "You'll never find a Human or Pranic Beast better than me. I'm pretty sure as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, you'll be able to revive the Empyrean Boar race. But,"

She eyed the figures of the ministers entering the palace grounds with their daughters and scoffed, "Look at them and look at me."

"Whose children do you think will be the most talented?"



Chapter 156 Welcome to the Varahan Enclave

However many descendants Brangara wanted would have to be achieved through Yarsha Zahara. That was her proposal.

She claimed that her children would inherit her talent and would be levels superior to the children Brangara has with other women.

Through the other women, Brangara would indeed be able to revive the Empyrean Boar race. But that was the end of that. They would simply be Empyrean Boars.

If he tried it exclusively through Yarsha Zahara, then their descendants would be significantly more talented. Just her ability to control Prana was almost on par with a Nature. Therefore, her proposal was simple: Don't work on quantity but instead on the quality of your descendants.

If Brangara doesn't accept her proposal, she'll simply commit suicide. The situation was dangerous. If the Boar King was angered, he would decimate the Zahara Kingdom. He had razed down plenty of regions until now. Zahara Kingdom wouldn't be an exception.

But despite that, Yarsha Zahara dared to blackmail him.

The palace grounds were still as a formless pressure filled the region. The ministers that were arriving stopped in their tracks, unable to take a step forward due to the Boar King's presence. He was angry.

This was the first time since he became the Boar King did someone dared blackmail him. But once he began to think about it, he liked Yarsha's logic, 'She's only claiming to birth stronger descendants. Of course, since I'm already reviving my race, it's in my best interests to make them as strong as possible.'

'This will delay my plans but it doesn't matter in the end. I have around eight thousand years left to live. Being delayed by a couple of decades is nothing in the grand scheme of things.' He concluded.

If he were to have ten children with Yarsha, and every child was to produce ten children each, then by the fourth generation, they'd be a thousand strong. Brangara was originally confident in turning the fourth generation into his Clansmen.

But maybe Yarsha's addition to the equation will hasten the process. The result will be superior. Along that line of thought, he suddenly had an epiphany, asking her, "You were born with 99 Prana, right?"

"Yes," Yarsha nodded.

"How long did it take you to reach 100 Prana?" He asked next.

"Around a month I think." Yarsha thought and stared at her father to inquire about the accurate details.

"You took seventeen days," The Zahara King stated.

"That means, in a mere seventeen days, you reached the peak of the Spirit Stage and remained at that level for the past fifteen years." He said and stared at the Zahara King, "You haven't found a worthy material for her Human Avatar?"

"Yes," The Zahara King said and transformed his hand magenta, "This is Reactive Jade, the material the Zahara Kingdom Royalty uses to forge our Human Avatars. It's the most powerful mineral in this region."

Reactive Jade had the property to react to every single ability, either to assist them or counter them. Using this, the cultivator could entirely amplify a Nature or counter it, weakening it to the limit. The most advantageous of this ability was that it could stack.

Hence, when the Zahara Kingdom Royalty activates their Human Avatars in unison, they could practically render the Natures of a horde of Pranic Beasts ineffective.

Moreover, the material was tough and heavy enough to be a force of its own. Hence, the Human Avatars forged using it were strong enough to fight against Pranic Beasts physically.

In Mammoth Clan terms, Reactive Jade was equivalent to an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. It wasn't even the peak of the Silver Grade.

In the eyes of the Boar King, it was too weak, especially to be used for someone as talented as Yarsha Zahara, "You did well in not using such a trashy mineral to forge her Human Avatar."

"I commend your insight," Brangara commented.

"Thank you for your praise." The Zahara King bowed in response.

The Boar King then lifted Yarsha Zahara and announced, "From today onwards, Yarsha Zahara is my, the Boar King's wife. She will remain my sole woman."

At his proclamation, Yarsha smiled and coiled her hands around his neck, "I thought your pride would feel wounded by what I spoke. What made you accept it?"

"Your confidence," Brangara grinned, "The Boar King's wife needs to be that confident and have the means to back it up. You have what it takes to be my partner."

"Empyrean Boars have a polygynous nature, but that's because of the influence brought by the Yoked Wyrms they have swallowed. That generation was pitifully eradicated." He said, "Hence, it's best to change things up in this generation. Empyrean Boars will have a monogamous relationship from now onwards."

"One partner for life!"

He proclaimed, "I'll etch this in the genetics of our progeny."

The previous generation of Empyrean Boars was a failure among Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Therefore, Brangara intended to change things at a fundamental level for the next generation. It was best to go all out right from the start.

"We'll return here once our kids reach maturity and start desiring a partner." Brangara stared at the Zahara King and the ministers, "Work hard in training worthy successors."

"From today onwards, the Zahara Kingdom falls under the Boar King's protection." Saying so, the Boar King leaped away with Yarsha in tow, leaving the Zahara Kingdom.

Once he arrived at the Kingdom's entrance, he activated a Rockatrice's ability to erect a rock pillar.

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

This was the Rockatrice's Primary Nature, capable of unleashing mental pressure on targets designated as enemies. Anyone approaching the pillars of rocks created using this ability will feel their thoughts, abilities, and Prana suppressed.

The Rockatrice's Rocky Intimidation was already potently powerful. But when activated using the Boar King's Prana, it was on a whole other level.

The Boar King didn't erect a layer of wall around the Kingdom like the Rockatrice had done at the Rooster Tribe settlement. That wasn't necessary.

The rocky pillar he erected only unleashed a mild presence of himself. That was enough. Any force that dares target the Zahara Kingdom following this would make an enemy of him, the Boar King.

They should be prepared to be annihilated in return. The rocky pillar only existed to remind them of that, which was more than enough of a deterrent.

Unlike when he chased after Inala—during the time he set the trap using the baby Gannala puppet—for four days straight at his top speed, Brangara strolled casually this time, conversing with Yarsha to better know about her.

As they conversed, he actually began to like her confidence more and more, feeling more reassured by this decision. A week's leisure stroll later, they arrived at the Varahan Enclave.

Pointing at the forest patch filled with Petrified Geese, Brangara introduced himself, "My name's Brangara."

"And this," He stared at the creatures acting like sculptures to avoid his gaze, "Is my home."

"Welcome to the Varahan Enclave."



Chapter 157 The Wean Clan

Brangara plucked a ripe fruit from a tree and gave it to Yarsha.

She bit into it, relishing the taste. Her eyes lit up as she announced, "What the heck is this fruit? Why is it so tasty? Moreover,"

She exclaimed, "It's faint, but there's Prana in it."

"That's thanks to the Yoked Wyrms," Brangara explained, "Their existence enriches the Varahan Enclave. As long as their population is kept in control, they are a resourceful asset. They are why the Varahan Enclave was rich enough to accommodate Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the past."

"Amazing!" Yarsha was amazed.

Seeing her response caused Brangara to feel pride for some reason. He then brought her to other scenic locations throughout Varahan Enclave, treating her to a variety of forest produce.

"How is it?" He asked at the end of a month-long tour, "This place is great, right?"

"I like it." Yarsha nodded and slapped him lightly, "I knew you were a fun guy, despite your infamy."

"Of course, I am." Brangara boasted, "I just never had a reason to be that person before this."

As they continued to walk, Yarsha arrived at a stop atop a plateau, overlooking a marsh. The water here was clearer than in the other regions while the trees growing were larger too, causing the air to be fresh and dense with vitality.

She liked the place immediately.

Brangara had been observing her expressions all along. And upon seeing that she liked the place, he stepped forward and used the Rockatrice's ability to erect an intricately carved fortress.

The rocky walls morphed in colour to blend in with the environment. Brangara activated a bunch of the Yoked Wyrm's Primary Nature and refined the mineral deposit of the region, infusing his Prana to aid the growth of the tree roots, causing them to cover half the walls.

In a matter of minutes, the fortress looked as if it was a natural formation of the region, a product of nature.

Yarsha had been observing everything, but even then, she couldn't make sense of things, asking in disbelief, "Is there anything you couldn't do?"

"With a bit of preparation, there's nothing I cannot do." Brangara flexed, "There's a reason I'm a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"By the way," He grunted and spat out a tiny gem, turquoise in colour, shaped like a pebble, sporting patterns of gold in the shape of lightning. He cleaned it a bit and gave it to Yarsha, "What do you think of this?"

"This is…?" Yarsha stared at the tiny gem and fell into a daze, only breaking out of it a few hours later, stunned to the extreme, "W-What is this mineral?"

"It's called Sumatra Gold." Brangara explained, "It's by far the most valuable mineral in Sumatra, hence named after the continent."

"Sumatra Gold…this is Sumatra Gold?" After a moment of reverie, Yarsha shouted in a fluster, "This is real? That legendary Sumatra Gold exists?"

"Is it really that big of a deal?" Brangara scratched his ear.

"Of course!" Yarsha grabbed Brangara by the shoulder, "This is the legendary mineral every human cultivator desires to get their hands upon. Legends state that a human cultivator from the Brimgan Empire managed to figure out a way to integrate Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar. Even though it was a tiny sum, it allowed him to become the strongest human cultivator to date, possessing power surpassing a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"This is that valuable, huh?" Brangara nodded, making a funny expression, unable to figure out whether to laugh or cry.

"Why are you making that face?" Yarsha seemed angry, "Are you mocking Sumatra Gold?"

"Do you know how it forms?" Brangara asked.

"I don't," Yarsha shook her head like it was obvious, "If I knew, I would have found it by now."

"Sumatra Gold is a tumour that grows in a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's Spirit Container." Brangara said, "I don't know the cause or reason, but it steadily accumulates in our Spirit Containers. When its size reaches a certain point, it causes us pain. So, we generally extract them."

"It's a tumour?" Yarsha stared at the Sumatra Gold in a daze.

"The Mystic Tentacles tried to research upon Sumatra Gold generation after generation, but they failed to find an answer." Brangara continued, "They are as mysterious as Parute Trees."

He then asked, "Are you able to build your Human Avatar using it?"

"As a mineral, it qualifies. This is the best there exists. But," Yarsha sighed, "I need to devise a suitable cultivation technique first. I need to find a mineral that's compatible with Sumatra Gold and derive a cultivation technique that merges them seamlessly. Only then can I start building my Human Avatar."

"Why do you need to integrate it with another mineral?" Brangara frowned, "Isn't it better to primarily fuse with the best mineral?"

"Well, that's obvious." Yarsha nodded, "But where will I find that much Sumatra Gold? It's impossible to get enough for a single Human Avatar, not to mention the rest I'll have to build at the Life Stage."

"You needn't worry about that," Saying so, Brangara took out a small bag filled with Sumatra Gold, "This is my stash alone. Give me some time and I'll find the stash of the Mystic Tentacles."

"They have been becoming Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts for hundreds of generations. They all must have stashed Sumatra Gold somewhere." He said, "Sumatra Gold is useless for Pranic Beasts anyway. So, they'll remain untouched to date. Give me some time and I'll bring you as much as you need to reach the peak of cultivation."

"Wow! You're the best!" Yarsha cheered, "I'll start creating a suitable cultivation technique then."

"Here, take this. They'll serve as a valuable reference for you." Saying so, Brangara took out two slabs of granite and infused a cultivation technique in each. This granite slab was the Bone Slip equivalent of the Zahara Kingdom.

Brangara had obviously been there before and had learnt their cultivation techniques too.

Holding the two granite slabs, Yarsha frowned upon seeing the level of detail present in the cultivation techniques within, "What the heck are these? Are you telling me such an intricate cultivation technique exists?"

"Of course, they are Mystic Grade Cultivation Techniques, after all." Brangara nodded, "They are the two pinnacle cultivation techniques of Sumatra."

The Mammoth Clan's Mystic Bone Art!

The Cooter Clan's Mystic Mist Art!

Both were the highest grade of cultivation arts that could exist. Brangara had stolen them both after devouring a bunch of Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers. And now, he gave them to Yarsha, "Using these two as the base, you can create a Mystic Grade cultivation technique suitable for yourself. Our children too will learn it."

"I'll help you perfect it using my vast knowledge." He concluded. It was the start of the rise of the third power in Sumatra Continent, following the Cooter Clan and Mammoth Clan.

The Wean Clan!



Chapter 158 Transcendent Eater

At the same time when the Wean Clan was established, the herd of 104 Empyrean Tusks exited the Dieng Canyon, proceeding about in their new route.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the focus was only on the smaller herd of 43 Empyrean Tusks. But now, after the merger, they reached the three digits. The moment they did so, the herd began to unleash a formless pressure onto its surroundings, causing any approaching Pranic Beasts to weaken in response.

While the herd left the Dieng Canyon, a figure jumped from the head of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, carrying a boy in his arms.

Mammoth Clan Chief—Raaha!

In his hold was Blola. Raaha landed on the mountain at the Dieng Canyon's edge. His arrival caused the Zingers there to flee in fear, for they were merely Zinger Scouts, the weakest of their kind even among scouts.

On the empty mountain peak, Raaha threw Blola and observed the latter, "Have you stabilised completely?"

"Yes," Blola closed his eyes and sensed his Spirit Container, "I have just finished comprehending my powers. I'm fully in control now."

"What is it called?" Raaha asked next, "What is its grade?"

"Gold Grade," Blola said, "But that's simply after it assimilated into me. In truth, it's a far scarier existence."

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Transcendent Eater!

This wasn't a creature that was supposed to exist in Sumatra Continent. Rather, it was an existence feared by the Transcendents in the worlds hovering high up in the sky.

A Transcendent Eater devoured even Transcendents, a terrifying existence unlike others, hence its name.

"It isn't a native creature. Rather, it came from the cosmos and one of the Transcendent Worlds assimilated it into itself, resulting in the birth of the Transcendent Eater." Blola explained, "When a Parute Tree remains untouched for a million years, it creates a Parute Seed. It would then germinate into the Parute Tree King. If even that is left untouched for a million years, it evolves once again."

"But this time, it's able to move and hunt around, becoming the Transcendent Eater." Blola said, "Had a Transcendent Eater appeared in Sumatra Continent, all life would have been devoured overnight. It's that powerful since even Transcendents flee on sight."

"You mean to say you've fused with such an entity?" Raaha felt it hard to believe, "Is that even possible?"

"I'm not an actual Transcendent Eater," Blola shook his head, "Mine has regressed to a Pranic Beast version. Therefore, it's well within the power norms of Sumatra Continent. Its current power is only equal to a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"Alright, show it to me," Raaha said and stepped back a little. "What exactly is a Transcendent Eater's power?"

Primary Nature—Memory Revival!

A Transcendent Eater was able to revive all the Transcendents it had consumed. And once revived, these Transcendents became its servants, following its will. That was why a Transcendent Eater was feared.

After all, the longer it lived and consumed, the stronger it became, capable of growing virtually without limits. There have been Transcendent Worlds that were fully taken over by a Transcendent Eater.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast version Blola had was a watered-down nerfed version of a Transcendent Eater. It could only revive two people. And the revival slot was his Natures.

Since his Secondary and Tertiary Natures were empty, he could revive two cultivators. Moreover, unlike the other Mammoth Clan cultivators at the Body Stage that needed to consume Empyrean Tusk bone powder to build their bodies, Blola's was automatic.

Once Raaha backed away, Blola activated his transformation. In response, all the Prana in his Spirit Container was consumed, causing tiny tendrils to jut out of his feet and dig into the ground. These tendrils resembled his hair at the start.

They behaved like roots and began to voraciously suck in the soil's nutrients, thickening up in response. Just as how a tree grew from a sapling stage, Blola's body began to transform, slowly, but surely.

Raaha patiently waited in response. The Empyrean Tusk herd had already vanished from the horizon, proceeding in its route. He commanded them to not stop, for that would cause problems with their resource accumulation.

Now that the herd had crossed a hundred in number, no region could singlehandedly facilitate their need for resources. If they remained in one place for more than a month, they would suck up the region dry.

Hence, it was mandatory to keep moving. It was why Raaha made them leave while he stayed behind with Blola.

He had already reached the peak of cultivation. Hence, he had no need for resources other than food. His Ten-Storey Storage Lantern had more than enough food for his consumption.

With his strength, he had nothing to worry about. Even alone, he could destroy a Kingdom casually, being one of the strongest cultivators at Sumatra Continent presently.

Besides, he kept Blola's changes a secret, hence why they were alone. As days passed in such a fashion, Raaha kept note of Blola's growth.

Two months later, Blola's body finished growing. A tree reaching twenty metres in height, sporting a dozen flowers shaped like a pitcher plant's pitcher. Its insides were jagged while vines akin to tentacles squirmed around inside, behaving as tongues.

Parute Fruits began to grow on its branches, gradually ripening. They were dense, with each fruit capable of granting a unit of Prana. The roots behaved like the legs of a millipede, too numerous to count, squirming incessantly while they dug into the ground and consumed the soil.

"Blola," Raaha uttered once he judged Blola's growth was complete, "How's your cultivation?"

"Chief, I'm at the peak of the Body Stage." Blola said, "Though, it seems I cannot build a second body for some reason. I can't figure out the reason but I feel it's something related to the mind."

Raaha stretched his hand and tugged casually, causing a Zinger from far away to fly into his grasp. He threw it before Blola, "Consume it and revive it. Let's experiment and see how effective your ability is."

"I'm afraid, I cannot, Chief." Blola apologised, "Currently, I can consume two beings and fill their data in the slots of my Secondary and Tertiary Natures. But somehow, these two slots are already filled."

"Filled with who?" Raaha asked, feeling mildly irritated.

"Orakha and Yennda," Blola said, "Two of the seven Death Row students from the previous 44th Settlement."

Seeing Raaha's confusion, Blola stated, sighing in response, "I can now understand why this happened, Chief."

"The one that caused this is Renduldu."

"Renduldu?" Raaha's eyes widened in surprise, "You mean the previous Mystic Tentacle and our Clan's staunch ally, that Renduldu?"

"Yes," Blola nodded, "He was behind everything. This is his last show of support to our Clan. The Transcendent Eater's power is his final contingency measure against the Boar King."



Chapter 159 Orakha Returns

The reason no life could exist on Ennoudu Plains was thanks to the actions of the Mystic Tentacles. It was unknown for how long they existed. Some clues state that they have been there since the birth of Sumatra Continent.

And since the start, they had unlocked the path to Mystic Grade. Every era on Sumatra Continent birthed a Mystic Tentacle.

After a few eras, the then Mystic Tentacle intended to create a new power for its race. In research towards that, it turned towards the power of a Parute Tree.

Even though it was rare, once a cultivator reached the peak of cultivation, they could communicate with their ancestors in the Transcendent World. Through it, the Mystic Tentacles of every era were able to know what was happening in the Transcendent World.

Upon understanding the problems that their race had been facing in the Transcendent World, one fine Mystic Tentacle researched the Parute Tree, knowing very well they were dregs produced from a Transcendent Eater.

Therefore, the Mystic Tentacle created the Ennoudu Plains and caused a Parute Tree to grow in the region, situated at the end of a long tunnel-like cave.

The goal was to birth a Transcendent Eater on Sumatra Continent and steal its power, thereby creating a new race of Mystic Tentacles that possess the abilities of a Transcendent Eater.

Of course, it wasn't a feat that could be completed within its lifespan. Even though Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts have a long lifespan, that was only 10,000 years.

For a Parute Tree to create a Parute Seed, it needed a million years. Therefore, the task was taken up by generation after generation of Mystic Tentacles.

All Parute Trees had an owner. It was because both Humans and Pranic Beasts were able to instinctively sense a lone Parute Tree. That was why the Mystic Tentacles went through great pains to refine the Ennoudu Plains era after era to ensure no life was supported on it.

They used the grey sand from the Sandy-Grey Void to further terraform the region. Things proceeded as planned. The power of a Mystic Tentacle allowed it to perceive the truth of nature. Hence, any plans they create would withstand the test of time.

Finally, it was Renduldu's turn. Upon observing the wilting Parute Tree, he determined it would complete the process only two millennia after his ascension. Therefore, their plan would have to be completed by his successor.

Unfortunately, when Renduldu used his ability to glean details about when his successor would appear, he drew a blank. That meant the next era didn't belong to the Mystic Tentacles but some other race.

It was only for an era though as Renduldu could perceive the reappearance of Mystic Tentacles after that one era.

But that missing era was the most important among them all, for it was when the Parute Seed would appear. The appearance of the Parute Seed meant half the process was done. But, it was futile if there wasn't a Mystic Tentacle to oversee it.

If another Mystic Grade Pranic Beast were to appear, it would eventually sense the Parute seed's presence. There was a stronger possibility of it consuming the Parute Seed to further its own ambitions.

Renduldu took a gamble upon seeing Gannala. He felt the Parute Seed would be helpful for her and eventually assist his race's goals. Hence, he made preparations accordingly.

Once he left for the Transcendent World and returned after two millennia, Renduldu observed the Parute Seed. When he brought the souls of the six reincarnates to Earth, he coded their data in the Parute Seed, knowing through Resha's memories that he would consume the Parute Seed in the future.

Since he planned to make the six reincarnates know the existence of the Parute Seed through Sumatra Chronicles, he knew with assurance that one of them would consume the seed.

Hence, he used his power to ensure the Parute Seed would hatch prematurely once consumed by either Resha or one of the reincarnates. Had it hatched after another million years, it would be a proper Transcendent Eater that was capable of devouring Transcendents without limits.

But since the Parute Seed hatched prematurely, it only became a Pranic Beast equivalent. Blola's Spirit Container was that of an Empyrean Tusk, a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. After consuming it, the Transcendent Eater evolved into a Gold Grade Pranic Beast variant.

And based on the order of their deaths, the reincarnates took up the slots, since their information was already coded into the Transcendent Eater.

In Blola's Secondary Nature was Orakha, the first death among the reincarnates. In the Tertiary Nature was Yennda. Thankfully, only two of them had died.

Had a third one died, there would have been no way to revive him, since Blola only had two slots. The way Memory Revival worked was through some mysterious cause and effect that Blola couldn't make sense of.

But the individual he revives would possess the same strength he had moments before death. It was basically a checkpoint for Resha and the reincarnates.

As long as Blola was alive, two of them could revive without issues and constantly target the Boar King. Incessant waves would eventually topple the tallest of mountains. That was Renduldu's actual scheme to ensure the Mammoth Clan had a future.

Blola didn't know all these details. All he was aware of was the fact that Renduldu was the reason Orakha and Yennda occupied his two revival slots.

He then focused on them, appearing in a void to stare at two fruits. The size of the fruits would vary depending on the individual's potential and accumulation, also a direct representation of their path.

"What the hell! Why is the size difference so much?" Blola was stunned as he stared at the two fruits before him. The fruit representing Yennda was human size, but the fruit representing Orakha was ten times bigger.

He couldn't understand the reason, only knowing that Orakha's potential for greatness vastly outclassed Yennda. He then relayed the thoughts to Raaha, asking who to revive first, "Chief, it'll take some time to revive them."

"Start with Orakha," Raaha said.

"Alright," Blola focused on the fruit representing Orakha in his mind space. In reality, a fruit began to grow from one of the Transcendent Eater branches, gradually growing in size.

Twenty days later, the fruit fell on the ground and hatched like an egg, revealing a naked Orakha in the same pose as a human baby in its mother's womb.

"Gah…Khahh!" Orakha coughed violently as he grabbed his jaw, confused upon realising that it was intact. He then observed his limbs, seeing that they were attached, "I'm…not dead?"

"Was that a dream…" He muttered before a piece of information surfaced in his mind, fed to him by the Transcendent Eater moments before he hatched, "I died to the Mud Vipers, huh?"

He glanced at the carnivorous tree beside him, inhaled a deep breath, and bellowed in anger, "Reeshaaaa!"

"You damn bastar…!" His overexertion shattered his ribs. As one of them pierced his heart, Orakha coughed out blood and collapsed to the ground, dead.



Chapter 160 Raaha Investigates

"Huff…puff…" Orakha gasped for breath after he was revived a second time. He stared at the figure of Raaha standing before him and bowed in response, "I greet the Mammoth Clan Chief!"

"You know me?" It was Raaha's turn to be surprised, "I don't think we encountered each other before."

"Yes, that's true." Orakha subtly eyed the carnivorous tree beside him and motioned to talk farther away. As the carnivorous tree was in the process of developing a second fruit, Blola couldn't hear their exchange.

Raaha brought Orakha far away and erected an energy barrier around them, preventing details of their conversation from leaking out. He then stared at Orakha and motioned for the latter to speak, "Tell me what you know."

"Blola's Transcendent Eater isn't entirely on our side." Orakha said, "While I was being revived, I could access the information stored in the Transcendent Eater. The Mystic Tentacle, Renduldu couldn't entirely erase the Transcendent Eater's will. Therefore, the longer Blola remains transformed, the greater its growth. Eventually, it'll erase his mind and take over his body."

"Where's the proof of your claim?" Raaha asked.

"Please allow me to revive a couple dozen times." Orakha said, "By then, you'll be able to observe changes in Blola's mentality."

"Alright, go ahead." Saying so, Raaha extended his hand and pointed at Orakha, vaporising the latter instantly.

He then approached the Gold Grade Transcendent Eater and spoke, "Continue reviving Orakha."

"Alright," A reply came once the fruit belonging to Yennda finished forming. Soon, it hatched, revealing a confused Yennda.

"I…failed," Yennda muttered, disappointed, "Why did I even think otherwise?"

"Are you Yennda?" Raaha stared at the latter, observing him with a hint of disappointment, 'I felt interested in Orakha's presence. He's strong by mind to the extent I want to see what he's up to. But this Yennda guy is…lacklustre.'

During the merger, Raaha noticed a few things. First of all, was the Boar King's declaration towards Resha. Second, were the strange existences that resembled an Empyrean Tusk more than a Mammoth Clansman, despite being a Clansmen themselves.

The point of note here was the seven Death Row students from Gannala's Settlement. Having reached the pinnacle of cultivation as a Mammoth Clansman and having accessed the final segment of the Mystic Bone Art, belonging to the Transcendent Stage, Raaha was capable of conversing with all Empyrean Tusks.

Hence, when he discussed with them, he realised that the herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks was singlehandedly created by Gannala. That seemed impossible.

An Empyrean Tusk, throughout its life, was at most capable of giving birth twice. And this was only for the strongest among Empyrean Tusks. The weaker ones could only succeed once.

But Gannala gave birth to 43 Empyrean Tusks? Even though he wished to claim that it was a lie, the truth lay before him. Empyrean Tusks never lied. And since they all claimed the same story, he had no other choice but to believe it, concluding that Gannala was different from the rest.

And she was explicitly showing support to seven of her children, those with the Fragment Disease. Upon knowing that, Raaha became curious and began observing them.

It was then he saw the figure of Virala stealthily walking deeper into the Dieng Canyon while Resha followed him from behind. Just as he was curious about what they intended to do, he was surprised to see Resha trying to kill Virala.

'I can't have that.' Since he had yet to figure out the truth, he stopped Resha. Originally, had any other Mammoth Clansman done the same, he would have punished them severely.

But his curiosity took priority here, especially since the presence he felt from Resha and Virala was unlike anything he ever witnessed.

Resha exerted the presence of an Empyrean Tusk more than the Empyrean Tusks. Similarly, Virala exerted the presence of a Mammoth Clansman more than all the Mammoth Clansmen.

Grehha had the capability of nurturing an Empyrean Tusk baby, raising the success rate close to the maximum. This meant that any Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease could birth an Empyrean Tusk successfully.

With his presence around, the success rate was a hundred percent.

Raaha didn't know much about Inala. However, the previous incident he observed caused him to have a stronger opinion of Inala.

Right as the merger started, baby Gannala's voice resounded amidst the herd, alerting all Empyrean Tusks. But the distance was too far to reach in a short time.

Despite that, they wished to move. After all, the herd was now strong enough to protect their newborn. But as they took action, they noticed the Boar King racing towards the source first.

Even if they wished to stop him, they couldn't, due to the vast distance between the two. And the Boar King's speed was superior to them.

From time to time, they heard baby Gannala's voice, one of pain. But suddenly, four days later, they realised what was up once the Boar King arrived before the voice.

The voice was a fake. The Empyrean Tusks were smarter than a human. They quickly figured out that Inala had set a trap for the Boar King and the latter had fallen prey to it.

It was the first time one of them played the Boar King like that, causing the Empyrean Tusk herd to break into a fit of laughter. Of course, the frequency of the sound produced by their laughter couldn't be felt by the Mammoth Clan.

Only Raaha could hear it, understanding that Inala too was something worth keeping an eye on. It made him curious about the rest of the Death Row students.

Moreover, at his level, he could see through all Mammoth Clansmen. If he wanted, he could access all information in their bodies as he did through a Bone Slip, for that was what a cultivator that had mastered the Mystic Bone Art could do.

It was also why Undrakha was able to extract all information out of Brangara back in the day—because Brangara was using the Mystic Bone Art.

When Blola approached Raaha in terror, even though he didn't exhibit it, Raaha was fuming, because he clearly sensed the presence of an Empyrean Tusk in Blola, not similar to the one he felt from Resha and Virala, but one gained from killing an Empyrean Tusk.

Blola gained the power of an Empyrean Tusk by killing it. And that Empyrean Tusk was the baby that was stolen from his herd.

But he had to control his anger, for none of the Empyrean Tusks did anything, even though they all could feel it too. It was why Raaha controlled himself and took on the task of observing Blola, and in response, Orakha and Yennda too, now that they had been revived.

'I haven't felt Inala's presence, so I cannot judge him. But from what I sensed, Orakha has the second strongest presence, right after Resha.' He then stared at the carnivorous tree and the saddened figure of Yennda near it, 'And these two have the weakest presence. They seem barely special and only thanks to whatever Gannala had done.'

As he thought, his expression subtly turned cold as he stared at the carnivorous tree, 'But no matter what, killing an Empyrean Tusk signs your death sentence. I'll be watching you, Blola.'

'You become even the slightest bit useless to the Clan, and I'll be the first to dispose you.'



