Chapter 651 Time To Target Brangara

﻿﻿Minor Treasure—Mystic Human Stamp!

This had been Virala's goal to collaborate with the Mammoth Clan, especially after seeing the Golden Giant and later witnessing Boul Brimgan in action.

He had Brandal Brimgan's memories, through which he knew that Boul Brimgan had been sent to infiltrate Influenced Regions of Major Treasures for a variety of reasons, one of which was to elevate Gold Kinesis Art into Mystic Kinesis Art.

Considering the Brimgan Empire's geographical location, the closest Influenced Regions were the Armoury and Sanctuary. It was apparent where Boul Brimgan had gained benefits from thanks to his golden feline.

When a Brimgan Royal uses Gold Kinesis Art to refine a piece of Rutham into a Spirit Weapon, their Prana constantly seeps into it and becomes a part of it, strengthening it over time. Eventually, when refined to the extreme, a special characteristic is given to it, depending on the Prana—body, mind, and soul aspects.

Boul Brimgan had infiltrated the Sanctuary and used the influence of the Major Treasure of Pet on his Prana to refine his Spirit Weapon, which resulted in it turning into the golden feline when the Spirit Weapon gained a second characteristic.

The first characteristic of a Spirit Weapon made out of Rutham was its range. The second characteristic was gained when it became a Minor Treasure.

In Harla Brimgan's case, there was no external stimulus. Hence, her Minor Treasure was just a Spirit Weapon capable of having a source—for psychokinesis—other than her. This source was a thumb-sized sphere capable of moving across all sorts of terrain while rotating rapidly.

Aware of the intricacies with which the second characteristic was developed, Virala targeted the best option—the Transcendent Eater.

He consumed it daily and relied upon the Transcendent Eater's characteristics—present in its flesh and blood—to refine his Spirit Weapon. Eventually, the Tool growing at the tail end of his Mystic Ewworm form was influenced by the Transcendent Eater once it turned into a Minor Treasure.

Composed of the most potent minerals that made up the Influenced Region of Golden Deity and stabilised by a piece of Sumatra Gold, Virala's Spirit Weapon was capable of handling and manifesting the Transcendent Eater's characteristics to a greater extent.

The Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp had a total of six functions, split into the various parts of a tree—the Transcendent Eater in this case.

First function was Root, which allowed Virala to sprout the Minor Treasure from the ground anywhere across his line of sight. It sprouted in the same process that the Transcendent Eater could sprout a Parute Tree anywhere across the Sumatra Continent.

Unlike a genuine Transcendent Eater, Blola's was a watered-down version, which only allowed him to sprout his body as a Parute Tree in his line of sight. Virala's Minor Treasure followed the same rule.

Second function was Seed, which pretty much served as another Mystic Human Heart—of Virala's. It manifested the Transcendent Eater's strongest characteristic—revival.

The Seed function allowed the Minor Treasure to maintain intelligence and a reserve of Prana, the same as the heart of a Mystic Human. The intelligence was on the same level, allowing the Minor Treasure to think for itself when it sprouts from the ground beyond Virala's Spirit Weapon range.

It could store a maximum of 100 Prana, which allowed it to operate on its own for a short interval before requiring a recharge from Virala. The best part of the Seed function was to revive him.

Of course, it only manifested the Transcendent Eater's characteristics. It wasn't a Transcendent Eater at the end of the day. Once Virala is revived, the Minor Treasure shatters permanently. It would be impossible to recreate it again.

If Virala reaches the 10-Life-Stage, he'll have 10 Minor Treasures of Mystic Human Stamp, which means that he could revive ten times in total. And every time he revives, one of the Minor Treasure shatters.

Suppose he dies twice, Virala will only be able to wield eight Minor Treasures of Mystic Human Stamp. Even if he uses Gold Kinesis Art on a new Spirit Weapon, he'll never be able to make a ninth Minor Treasure.

One Minor Treasure per body, that was the result of using Gold Kinesis Art. Only the refining efficiency improved with the Mystic Kinesis Art version. Everything else remained the same.

Third function of Stem was the original function of the stamp, which was to extract data from the target's mindspace and condense them as tangible data. In the Minor Treasure version, as it has a mind, the Mystic Human Stamp was capable of storing the data in it. When necessary, it was capable of infusing all the extracted data back to the source.

Fourth function of Flower was the Golden Giant's influence, which worked on strengthening the body. Its effect was significantly more pronounced on Mystic Humans and Brimgan Royals.

Fifth function of Fruit was derived from the Transcendent Eater's capability of creating a Parute Fruit/Parute King Fruit. By consuming enough Prana, the Mystic Human Stamp creates a violet-coloured plum that when ingested manifests Mystic Nature Art in the mind space of the consumer and activates its effect.

A Free Human had a higher chance of becoming a Mystic Human after consuming this fruit than by learning Mystic Nature Art through an Information Slip. These fruits were split into four categories: Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic.

It cost 300 Prana to condense an Iron Fruit, which was effective on Free Humans with Iron Grade Human Avatars. The cost spiked to 2400 Prana for a Silver Fruit, which was effective on Free Humans with Silver Grade Human Avatar and extremely effective on the ones with an Iron Grade Human Avatar.

Virala was only able to condense Iron and Silver Fruits, as the Mystic Human Stamp was a Minor Treasure. Only when it becomes a Major Treasure can he condense Gold and Mystic Fruits, which he had no possibility of achieving without the Major Treasure of Deity.

If he had known of the possibility of creating the Mystic Human Stamp before, he would have fused with the Major Treasure of Deity when he had plenty of chances to do so. Unfortunately, it wasn't suitable for his build back then but was more valuable to him currently.

The final function of Branch allowed the Mystic Human Stamp to fuse into the target upon physical contact and influence their thoughts, actions, etc. Minor Treasures influenced living beings. This function weaponised exactly that aspect of a Minor Treasure.

The trio of Mystic Human Virala, Orakha, and Blola had been spying upon the Zahara Kingdom for a while now, keeping track of everything that was happening in the region. Once the Wean Selection started, Yarsha Zahara began to build an exclusive zone for the wives, husbands, and nannies that would be birthing the second generation of the Wean Clan.

Once Virala's Minor Treasure formed, they could take action easily. He'd stand far away, beyond the sensing range of Mystic Eaters and use the Root function of his Minor Treasure to spawn under the foot of the individual carrying a Mystic Eater.

Yarsha Zahara used Yennda's powers to turn Mystic Eaters into moles and planted them on the bodies of her Kingdom's citizens. She relied upon this to detect the presence of Gannala, Virala, and Orakha.

Through their spying sessions, Orakha had long since compiled a list of every individual equipped with such a Mystic Eater. Once he pointed them out, Virala spawned the Mystic Human Stamp under the target and fused it into the latter's body when the target stepped upon the stamp.

It used the Stem function to extract all the data from the Mystic Eater, turning it useless and then employed the Branch function to influence the target, making them move according to Virala's wishes.

Of course, once their purpose was achieved, Virala returned the data to the Mystic Eaters and only wiped the data related to his actions. He would then sprout the stamp from the ground near him to regain possession of it.

In the same manner, the Mystic Human Stamp found itself making contact with the nanny of Penma. As Penma was ranked 74th in the order, it took almost two months after the Wean Selection for Brana to mate with her.

Penma's nanny was targeted as she was one of the few wives pregnant with a pair of twins. As long as this information was hidden, it was possible to safely steal the other twin without alerting Brangara.

Gannala intended to be absolutely sneaky to ensure her plans weren't revealed. As long as they weren't revealed, Yarsha Zahara wouldn't be able to plan a countermeasure.

As long as her side held the initiative and the edge in terms of information, she'd always emerge victorious, even if she were to face plenty of hiccups along the way.

Thanks to Orakha dying and reviving every day, Gannala was able to coordinate with the rest to proceed with a plan of action even while being apart. Heck, even Raaha was kept in the loop, despite staying underground the Enrino habitat.

Currently, Raaha was building a special terrain deep underground where they could rear a group of Empyrean Boars to satisfy Gannala's consumption needs. The entirety of the Mammoth Clan was working towards that goal while anxiously praying for her success.

Days passed in such a fashion as Gannala and her group waited patiently, all while Brangara chased after traces left by the group purposefully across the entire region. And waiting for him were Free Humans transformed to resemble Virala through the Prime Skill of Virala.

Virala had used it on the Boar King after the Fifth Minor Crisis. The same Prime Skill had been employed to keep the Boar King busy. To protect his home, he was constantly forced to chase after all traces while doubling down on defensive measures for his family in his absence, wasting precious Tangible Natures each time.

And finally, four years after the arrival of the Royal Zinger, Penma went into labour, signalling Gannala to take action.

"Are you sure you wish to face him head one?" Blola asked in nervousness, "Isn't this too premature?"

"I'm revealing my strength prematurely, but it's a necessity." Virala said slowly, tallying his preparations patiently, "Currently, Brangara considers Inala as a serious threat to himself. The rest of us are only a threat to his family. I simply intend to upgrade myself into someone he should become cautious against."

"If he has two threats to worry about, his attention will be split two ways, which will force him into making more mistakes. It's a solid scheme. But," Blola expressed his hesitation, "Are you capable of threatening him though?"

"Seems you forgot," Virala chuckled and transformed into Brangara, "I'm at the peak of the Body Stage."

"That means…" Blola's eyes lit up in excitement.

"Yup!" Virala winked, "I can finally reveal my true strength."



Chapter 652 Absolute Hatred

﻿﻿"Push, my Lady! Push!" The nanny said as she controlled a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a hand to help Penma better, having trained months for the task at hand. All nannies were expertly trained to be able to take care of all the necessary tasks during delivery alone.

The nanny did her best to assist Penma, leading to a successful delivery after some rough time. A pair of twins were birthed and Penma felt weak immediately after. The Empyrean Incubator fused into her ovary shattered as her water broke.

It was a natural process, which increased the importance of the Empyrean Incubators, since they could only be used once a pregnancy in this scenario.

"My…children…" Penma was relieved to see a healthy pair of twins, staring blankly immediately after as a stamp was placed on her forehead.

"That's…tiring." The nanny commented once she performed all the necessary procedures from cutting the umbilical cords to cleaning the twins.

Right as she had completed the task, a hole popped open in the floor beside her as a Mystic Eater jutted out stealthily. It looked around and only after judging that the situation was safe did it spit out a Nature Weapon. It was made out of bone, sporting the pattern of an Empyrean Tusk's head.

A second later, the Nature Weapon reverted into Gannala who approached the pair of twins and observed them, taking her time to inspect their conditions. Eventually, she analysed and selected the twin who seemed to have a better quality of Wean Clan genes.

'He'll probably be able to reach the 4-Life Stage. That's high enough.' Gannala thought as she observed the pair of twins, both of whom were boys. Her focus fell on the one she hadn't selected, 'In his case, there seems to be a higher level of genetic defect. He'd be lucky to reach the 4-Life Stage. In normal circumstances, his growth will stop at the 3-Life Stage.'

Simply being born a Clansman wasn't enough. Their genes had to be good enough. Otherwise, once they start to stack their bodies in the Life Stage, the genetic imperfections will exponentially project themselves through the stack and limit the person's growth.

This was the same reason a majority of the Mammoth Clansmen remained stuck at the Body Stage. To enter the Life Stage, they'd have to use Mystic Bone Art as much as possible and allow it to gradually influence their bodies.

In such a case, they could overcome their natural limitation and stack a few bodies. Lots of factors determine one's potential and the height they could reach by the end of their lives.

Even in the case of the Mammoth Clan which had existed for close to thirteen thousand years, with the genes of the Mammoth Clansmen continuing to improve constantly over the generations, not many succeed in entering the Life Stage.

Reaching the peak was another matter altogether.

This was another reason Brangara instantly accepted Yarsha Zahara as his wife. After all, through her, his children will be born competent. Their Empyrean Boar genes will be diluted anyway as his only choice to birth them was through a Free Human.

At least through Yarsha Zahara, they'd have a large arsenal of natural talent to capitalise upon. Moreover, by combusting his body at the Varahan Mansion, Brangara stimulated the genes of his children and strengthened them over time, allowing them to have a stronger foundation.

To further strengthen their foundation so that they had a chance of reaching the 10-Life Stage, Yarsha Zahara researched in the direction that strengthened their genetic makeup, resulting in the formation of Mystic Sumatra Art.

And now that the cultivation technique had been completed, as long as Brana and the rest of his siblings cultivate it, their genetic makeup will continue to improve over time.

Currently, Grehha had complete knowledge of Mystic Sumatra Art, having stolen it from Yarsha Zahara's memories. He had informed Gannala in the one time they communicated with each other—when he sent Yarsha Zahara's fertilised ovum to her.

Thereby, Gannala had the confidence of rearing more Wean Clansmen in the future. She stared at the twin that she had selected and enveloped him in a bone cocoon, applying the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity within to twist gravity.

The bone cocoon shrunk in size as she swallowed it and stored it in her stomach biome. She inspected her surroundings and checked multiple times to ensure no traces of her were left behind. She had cleaned up everything related to the second twin, including his portion of the umbilical cord.

Reverting to Nature Weapon form, she was swallowed by the Mystic Eater that retreated into the ground.

Another Mystic Eater worked on sealing up the hole as perfectly as possible. In the same fashion that a Mystic Eater infused minerals into a Human Avatar, it covered up the hole, ensuring even the grain distribution exactly matched the original.

The nanny had been supplied with Elixirs and Parute Fruits by the Mystic Eaters in the same process. And now, Gannala had stolen a Wean Clan baby without alerting anyone.

The Mystic Human Stamp cleared all memories from Penma related to her birthing a pair of twins and returned her memories, slightly modifying some of them to cover up the changes. Now, when she wakes up, Penma will only be aware of having birthed a single son.

Right after finishing its work on Penma, the Mystic Human Stamp returned to the nanny's body when suddenly, it absorbed all the data from her mindspace too. The nanny didn't react as she was being influenced by the Minor Treasure all along.

All the memories related to Gannala's side supplying Elixirs, Parute Fruits, etc. were erased from her mindspace. They were replaced by fabricated memories, ensuring the nanny would only remember behaving as her role dictated.

Once it was done, Virala sprouted the Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp from the ground next to him. Once it sprouted there, it dissipated from her body. It didn't simply vanish but instead transformed into a stream of energy and entered the ground.

If her feet or any body part weren't in contact with the ground, it would be impossible for the Minor Treasure to leave her body and sprout in the location Virala desired. That was a weakness of the Minor Treasure's Root function.

"Congratulations, my Lady." The nanny said once she came to her senses, continuing her conversation with Penma as usual, unaware that she had forgotten everything related to Gannala.

"It's all thanks to your help." Penma stared at her nanny with gratitude and held her son dear to her, "He's cute!"

Two days later, in the laboratory of the Zahara Kingdom's palace, Grehha felt the Green Mystic Path leaving him. He closed his eyes and felt the changes, breaking into a subtle smile in response, 'It's a success.'

Since Gannala held the Empyrean Incubator containing Yarsha Zahara's ovum that had been fertilised by Grehha's sperm, she could control the volume of Prana being supplied to it and influence the baby's growth within.

This was how they would communicate. Once her plans were achieved, Gannala would speed up the last bits of the process, allowing the baby to grow the final portion necessary to hatch out of the Empyrean Incubator.

Right as the baby hatches, she'll receive the Green Mystic Path, which was an indicator to Grehha that he could begin his plan of action.

Once he confirmed that the Green Mystic Path had been transferred, Grehha stared at Yennda and nodded once, indicating that they could proceed now. Immediately in response, the two of them exercised the minimal freedom they had and stopped breathing.

During the inspection, Yarsha Zahara recorded her observations, judging how far the child could progress through the Life Stage, "The highest we have until now is still the 4-Life Stage."

"That's still good." Brangara nodded, "That will improve over time. 4-Life Stage is pretty significant this early in the picture. As long as they cultivate Mystic Sumatra Art zealously, they might enter the 6-Life Stage or even higher. They can live for a millennium after all. So there's a chance they could surpass our expectations."

"That is true…" Yarsha Zahara stopped speaking as she felt something was amiss, shouting a second later, "Those fuckers!"

"Husband…" She intended to alert Brangara upon exercising her will to keep the duo of Grehha and Yennda breathing. She felt that the duo was up to something, but by the moment she turned her head, Brangara wasn't there.

Shockwaves boomed across the room as a large hole formed in the wall. Racing to the top of the palace, Brangara stared into the sky, observing dozens of meteors falling towards the Zahara Kingdom.

The heat from the meteors reached first, setting panic amongst the people. The meteors were spread apart, targeting all over the Zahara Kingdom. But, all Brangara did was glance at them for a moment before which, he swerved his head.

He was unable to break his gaze free, noticing a hill-like existence across the horizon, positioned more than a hundred kilometres away. Due to its height, it was visible, especially since it was shooting massive compressed chunks of earth into the sky that trailed towards the Zahara Kingdom as a meteor strike.

Thump! Thump!

His pupils widened as he focused on the culprit, feeling his heart rate accelerate. The pores on his skin opened up as sweat oozed out in the form of steam, heated up as the temperature of his body continued to spike.

Absolute Hatred!

From the depths of his being, churned the emotion that he had been meditating the hardest to suppress. Instinctively, he knew the cause, 'She's the real deal!'

"Brangara!" Yarsha Zahara shouted shrilly, fearing that it could be a trap, but her shout fell on deaf ears. By the time the soundwaves from her shout could reach him, Brangara had disappeared. His figure had vanished from the Zahara Kingdom itself, blazing across the wilds as a pillar of light burst out of him, signalling that he had activated all three Natures and harmonised them, going all out from the get-go.

A grunting, maleficent scream reverberated amidst shockwaves, filled with pain, twisted to the extreme as a figure scrambled towards the target, "Gannalaaaa!"



Chapter 653 A Mystic Human’s True Might

﻿﻿The condensation of his purest form of hatred, one bearing the name of the Supreme Tusk, an existence birthed from the death of his race, that was Gannala.

To date, every single time he had been lured to a place through Gannala's voice, it was a trap laid by Inala. Every instance he sought to find her, he ended up with no results.

It was during the First Major Disaster when he chanced upon the Supreme Tusk, but she was dead by then, preventing him the privilege of revenge. The Supreme Tusk's successor, Gannala was a baby, enveloped by a Prana Bomb and carried by Inala.

Another Prana Bomb had covered him back then, serving as a second layer of protection. A gap was opened in the Prana Bomb to leak Gannala's crying voice in an effort to lure in the Boar King. Other than that one instance, Brangara hadn't heard anything from her, not to mention seeing her.

For the past 24 years, he had been seething with obsessive longing, dreaming for the day to come when he could crush the product of his race's annihilation. And now, the figure of the Empyrean Tusk standing over the horizon triggered every single cell of his being, screaming at him to rush at the target faster and torture the living heck out of it.

"Gannallaaa!" Brangara roared with all his might, unleashing a shockwave that ruptured the surroundings as his figure boomed through. His lips curled to extreme ends as his jaws parted open, revealing a maniacal desire, ravenous to the zenith.

"Stay there! I'm coming!" He assumed Celestial Boar form, rupturing the earth with every thunderous step he slammed into the ground in an effort to accelerate his sprinting pace further. Powerful gales gushed around him through the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination, adding a wind to his steps, hastening his approach.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The figure of the Empyrean Tusk visibly trembled as he approached it, causing Brangara to break out in a maddened state of voraciousness, almost tasting the target's flesh in his jaws, "I'll kill you! Too much time has passed. You need to die, a clobbered death!"

Hundred kilometres, ninety, eighty, the distance shortened in a matter of seconds as the 800-metre-tall Celestial Boar covered a kilometre every second in its sprint, continuing to accelerate the longer it ran.

Even in his maddened state, he calculated logically, feeling that the boost given to him by Subtle Terrain Domination would make his human form faster than his Celestial Boar form now that he had gained enough momentum.

Immediately in response, he reverted to human form and continued to accelerate, getting closer and closer to Gannala, his focus remaining solely on her.

But suddenly, when there were less than twenty kilometres between the two, a shadow flickered from the corner of his eye and began to trail alongside him, mimicking his running action, mirroring him once it arrived at his side.

'How is this possible?' His heart thundered as Brangara experienced a shock, seeing a replica of him keeping pace with his run, 'I'm at the 2-Life Stage while being boosted by Subtle Terrain Domination!'

"Hello, big brother!" His mirror image waved happily and extended his leg to the side, tripping Brangara.

'As if that can work on me. You can mimic me perfectly, but you're not as strong…' Brangara thought as his leg slammed into the other party's, alarmed as the bones of both cracked in response. And then, carried by his momentum, he slammed face-first into the ground and formed a crater.

"As the ground kissed him on the face, the hammer nudged his back…" The culprit was none other than the Free Human Virala who spoke as if commentating a wrestling fight. He leapt onto Brangara and slammed his elbow into the latter's spine, producing a shockwave from the impact.

"Gah!" Brangara grunted as blood gushed into his mouth. He slapped the ground and used the rebound to get up. Aided by wind generated through Subtle Terrain Domination, he spun 180 degrees and punched Virala, only to find the latter coil around his arm as a worm and revert to his mirror image a moment later.

Arriving at his back, Virala grabbed Brangara by the shoulder for support and kneed into the spine once again. The wind produced a shockwave and slammed into his face, only for him to shrug it off casually and use his other knee to kick into Brangara's spine a third time, "You're only using one Subtle Terrain Domination against me? Wow, what a riot."

"Has that worked on you in the past? No, right? So, use up more of them." He weaved his body like the wind and evaded Brangara's punches, raining down his own on the latter. "You fight as someone born strong. Your strength took care of everything in the past, so your hand-to-hand combat skills suck balls."

He punched hard, dispersing the wind that formed a protective filament around Brangara. Right as it cleared up, he followed up with a second punch at speeds faster than Subtle Terrain Domination being able to recover the filament. His fist met Brangara in the face, denting it faintly, causing a crack to form in the skull.

"Get Lost!" Brangara roared and assumed Celestial Boar form, stomping upon Virala with his right leg. But in response, the latter's figure transformed into the Empyrean Boar King and rammed into his left leg, tumbling him down.

In a straight-up charge, the quadrupedal Empyrean Boar King outclassed the bipedal Celestial Boar. The expression of shock became etched deeper on the face of the Celestial Boar which slammed into the ground, resulting in a soil tsunami.

Immediately after the charge, the Empyrean Boar King vanished. In its place was the Mystic Ewworm, in its infant form as it drilled into the ground and curved its way to the surface, emerging right beneath the Celestial Boar's spine.

Having arrived at position in a fraction of a second, Virala assumed Empyrean Boar King form, taking advantage of his size expansion to plunge his tusks into the Celestial Boar's spine and lifted it two hundred into the air, which was the Empyrean Boar King's height.

Following by a colossal snort, the Empyrean Boar King shook its head violently and flung the Celestial Boar away. Immediately after, it assumed Mystic Ewworm form in its full scale, burying half its body into the ground while the other half coiled around the flying Celestial Boar's right leg and cranked its body.

Followed by a coil, it spun the Celestial Boar's body, accelerating it before swerving suddenly to slam the latter into the ground.

In its matured form, the Mystic Ewworm reached a ginormous length of two kilometres. Its body was cylindrical in shape, spanning a diameter of ten metres, a paltry sum when compared to its length. Mysterious celluloid patterns covered its skin, depicting textures of rectum cells of a variety of creatures, listing practically all the variety of those available on Sumatra. The head was conical in shape, protruding faintly as compared to the girth of its body, gelatinous to the extreme, capable of easily penetrating the toughest of rectums without issues.

The tool at the tail end was shaped like a rapier, meant for puncturing purposes. But considering the Mystic Ewworm's size, it might very well be a spear to the regular humans.

It crouched forward a little, observing the Celestial Boar through the hundreds of eyes littered across its body. These eyes resembled tadpoles in appearance and were barely pin-

hole in size, making it impossible to determine where the eyes were positioned. They were too tiny and there were too many.

"Damn…you…Loot!" Brangara grunted in rage, intending to get up but was unable to do so, as his spine had taken a severe beating. His limbs weren't functioning. He would be able to move a second or two later considering his healing speed. However, that was if he was given the time to do so.

Boom!

Dozens of vines jutted out of the ground and rapidly thickened into branches. Their ends budded and bloomed into carnivorous mouths that chomped upon the Celestial Boar, biting into his skin once he was fully strapped to the ground.

It was Blola in his Mystic Eater form, taking charge of confining Brangara, creating an opportunity to even consume the latter's flesh. Of course, due to the sheer difference in muscular strength, even the carnivorous mouths were struggling to eat him up. Their carnivorous teeth became stuck skin-deep, struggling to lodge in further.

The Celestial Boar's body trembled once but was unable to leap. The Transcendent Eater's branches had coiled around him too deeply. But there were plenty of options left at his disposal as Brangara timed himself perfectly.

Right as the effect of Shredded Lunge was about to reach his end, he reverted to human form. Blades of wind populated his surroundings right as he assumed human form, for Shredded Lunge had ended.

Through Subtle Terrain Domination, he strengthened the Shredded Lunge's wind blades further and sent them hurling radially, dicing up the Transcendent Eater branches into hundreds of pieces.

With that, he managed to free himself. Unfortunately, that wasn't enough to break free from the situation as Virala jumped him, jutting out of the ground as a metre-long Mystic Ewworm and transformed into the human form of Brangara.

He opened up with a punch and targeted Brangara's jaw, knocking the latter unconscious. Right as he intended to strike with another punch, Brangara switched bodies, retaliating with the conscious body.

He raised his arms up in defence and was sent skidding, panting a little as his arm bones had shattered from the impact. As his unconscious body regained consciousness in the meantime, he observed Prana spike into Virala's arms, rapidly healing his cracked bones.

'This damn fucker!' Brangara grunted, vexed to find new Transcendent Eater branches jut out of the ground and coil around the region, forming an enclosed dome.

"This will be our private battlefield." Virala cracked his stiff neck and began to walk towards Brangara, activating his partial transformation of Tool. A golden, full-body plated armour composed of Rutham covered him, radiating light onto the darkness within the dome.

The armour covering his hands thickened, forming gauntlets twice the size of his hand as Virala slammed them against each other, producing a sonorous gong. "Come at me, Brangara."

"I've yet to go all out."



Chapter 654 Gannala Meets Brangara

﻿﻿Standing twenty kilometres away from the dome formed by the Transcendent Eater branches was Gannala, her expression focused upon the battle.

In her Empyrean Tusk form, she sucked in a large volume of earth through her trunk, compressed them into a solid through the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity, and shot it into the sky, aimed at the Zahara Kingdom.

She had no intention of destroying the Zahara Kingdom. Rather, the Zahara Kingdom would remain sturdy despite the meteor strike, thanks to the innumerous defensive means that Yarsha Zahara had erected.

Gannala had spent most of her time figuring out these defensive means and had managed to discover most of Yarsha's plans. Hence, she knew whether or not her attacks were damaging to the Zahara Kingdom.

The meteor strike only had one purpose, which was to stretch Yarsha Zahara's mind to the limit, enough that her control over Grehha and Yennda would be retracted, allowing the duo to free themselves through suicide.

Hence, Gannala had to unleash enough volume of meteors to pressure Yarsha Zahara to her absolute limit. Hence, she was unrelenting in her attacks, continuing to passively hurl large, compressed blocks of earth to the Zahara Kingdom.

Her trunk focused on the meteor strike while her eyes were on the dome. Gannala intended to figure out the limits of Brangara's strength.

Grehha had already leaked information related to Brangara's three Natures. He gained the related information through Yarsha Zahara. This information also allowed Gannala to plan better and communicate with Grehha from time to time, refining their plan of action.

Armed with the information of Brangara's three Natures, Gannala had one objective in luring him out here: To get a feel of his power.

Can the Mystic Seven with their endgame builds manage to kill the Celestial Boar during the Fourth Major Disaster? Gannala wanted to know the answer. And if possible, she wanted to determine at what point the Mystic Seven be strong enough to face him, and if that point in time would appear before the Fourth Major Disaster.

'This isn't good.' She became worried upon sensing the blazing presence fluctuations being emitted by the pillar of light unleashed by Brangara, 'He's in a maddened state upon seeing me, but his extent of madness isn't as strong as I expected.'

Had it been the Empyrean Boar King, he would have activated every single Nature in his Astral Chart upon discovering Gannala. He would harness every strand of power at his disposal to destroy Gannala.

But the Celestial Boar was different. He had a certain degree of control even over his madness. He was mad enough to ignore the Zahara Kingdom to chase after Gannala. But he hadn't lost every semblance of sentience, for he hadn't activated any of his Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

The only Subtle Terrain Domination he was using originated from the influence generated on his being through the stored 44 Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination. Even though he had activated all three Natures and synchronised their effect, he wasn't using up all his Natures.

That was why Gannala was worried. It meant that she couldn't use herself as a powerful enough bait. That ended in the Empyrean Boar King's era. The Celestial Boar was different.

'Then, onto the next experimentation.' She made a mental note, instinctively emulating Inala. She craned her trunk at a steeper angle and shot compressed chunks of earth to greater altitudes.

This way, they'll take a longer time to slam into the Zahara Kingdom. Her trunk's angle steadily increased as she shot enough, and calculated, 'With these varying arcs, there'll be enough meteors striking the Zahara Kingdom for the next three minutes.'

With that done, she pointed her trunk horizontally and unleashed a powerful gust of air, immediately reverting to human form to use the momentum generated from the thrust to launch herself as a projectile.

She shielded her body through the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity while arcing towards the Transcendent Eater dome. While en route, she took out a body from her stomach biome, assumed Nature Weapon form and equipped herself onto the body's Tertiary Nature slot.

The woman was middle-aged, an existence targeted and captured by Inala. It was a Millinger and the strongest card she could play at the moment.

Prime Skill--Gannala!

This was the same Skill Virala had used in the past to disguise a Mammoth Clansman as himself. Gannala had modified it to suit herself, intending to use it on all the bodies she captured and planned to use in the future.

This way, she could disguise them all as herself, adding another layer to her means. The appearance of the middle-aged woman morphed into a woman who seemed to be in her early twenties. Her ivory hair flailed from the wind but remained sturdy enough that not a single strand flew away from the sheer friction of her travel.

Gannala took out her Inhibition Needle and poked it into the woman's forehead, adjusting the presence until the woman's body synchronised with hers perfectly. Now, it would be impossible to tell the woman's body apart from Gannala's actual body, which was a Nature Weapon hiding in her Tertiary Nature slot.

Primary Nature--Bone-Melting Artillery!

A spike jutted out of her arm bone as Gannala activated Mystic Bone Art, controlling the Primary Nature through it. Instead of unleashing an artillery strike, she concentrated the power into the spike, strengthening it to the limit.

In terms of toughness, it reached the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk, 'Good, with the power of Bone-Melting Artillery, it'll be powerful enough to stab through his flesh.'

She prepared herself mentally, swarming her mind space with the memories of the Mystic Paths from Earth in an effort to curb her fear, 'Keep calm! Keep calm! Keep calm!'

If her concentration were to slip for even a moment, she'd end up giving herself to fear. Even when the Celestial Boar no longer had a Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, his existence triggered the fear of every single Empyrean Tusk. It was genetic by now.

So, she had to do everything in her power to keep her wits by herself as Gannala counted down the seconds left for her to reach the Transcendent Eater dome.

In the meantime, Virala was busy antagonising Brangara within the Transcendent Eater dome. The Rutham armour emitted golden light as he was fully covered by it.

His footsteps made clinking sounds as Virala approached Brangara, "Come at me, Brangara."

"I've yet to go all out."

"Should I care?" Brangara snorted and leapt into the sky, able to feel Gannala's approach. Wind churned across his fist and rotated to form a drill as he punched the dome. It took him a fraction of a second to puncture a body-sized hole, grunting in anger upon seeing another wall right after. He punctured it too, only to see a third wall, "How many are there?"

"Enough to prevent you from fleeing." Blola's voice echoed within the dome as a carnivorous mouth swallowed Brangara towards the end of his leap and pulled him back into the deepest later.

A couple of branches jutted out of the ground and slammed him, volleying him across the dome nonstop, battering him repeatedly. The shockwaves from the impact coursed through his body and rippled into each other, rattling his organs.

The damage was piling up within him gradually to dangerous extents, forcing Brangara to switch bodies once again to prevent serious harm to himself.

But other than defending himself, he couldn't do anything else, for a single Subtle Terrain Domination wasn't enough against his opponents. He activated the Nature of Bloody Leech, intending to draw out Virala's blood upon contact, only to notice the latter back away immediately in response.

"Bloody Leech is powerful, but unless you activate a bunch of them, you can't suck in the blood of a target within your Spirit Weapon range." Virala commented as his figure flickered across the place, "At the Silver Grade, it needs physical contact to take effect."

"Tch!" Brangara clicked his tongue in response, for other than his Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection, he only had two more Tangible Natures of Decaleeches. Their combined use wasn't enough for him to pull in the blood of his targets within his Sprit Weapon range.

With a snort, he used Shredded Lunge and punched Virala, grunting in anger to see the latter enter the ground promptly, drilling to depths beyond the range of the generated wind blades.

Mystic Humans didn't simply transform into the physical forms of Pranic Beasts. They infused the entirety of their power of psychokinesis to reinforce their bodies, making their bodies tougher than the original.

And in Virala's case, not only did he have the psychokinesis capabilities of two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, the race of Ewworms were ambush predators, physically geared to lunge into the asses of their target from their hiding spot deep underground.

In terms of short-distance lunging speed, Virala's Mystic Ewworm was the fastest on Sumatra. So, he only needed to assume Mystic Ewworm form to evade Brangara's attacks. No matter how powerful an attack was, its power would be dispersed across the earth.

With his speed, Virala was capable of drilling into the ground faster than whatever attack could course through the earth and reach him. This was what he relied upon to dodge all of Brangara's attacks.

Astral World—Drifting Tunnel X8!

Brangara jumped into the ground, intending to tunnel underground and escape the confines of the Transcendent Eater dome. But an instant later, thousands of roots drilled into the tunnel and coiled around him, preventing him from leaving.

A second later, Virala appeared in the tunnel and engaged in physical combat, "You're a fucking leech!"

"Thank you for the praise!" Virala assumed his Tertiary Body Stage One partial transformation of Brangara and covered himself with Rutham armour in the fraction of a second, sending out a jab. He selectively reinforced the related muscles with psychokinesis and made the jab even more devastating.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Large chunks of earth surrounding the tunnel fell off. The shockwaves from the punches destroyed the surroundings as Brangara's face was bruised to the extent even Yarsha Zahara wouldn't be able to recognise him anymore.

'As expected, even Rutham cannot handle this intensity of attacks.' Virala thought upon seeing Rutham spill out like water every time he punched. The impact broke the structural composition of the Rutham armour covering his hands, splashing them as dust all around. 'My stockpile of Rutham will run out soon. Is that fucker not ready yet?'

"She's here!" Suddenly, Brangara's eyes brimmed with absolute happiness as he activated one more Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination alongside his entire reserve of Shredded Lunge to surface promptly.

Wind blades flew all across the place and shredded through enough of the dome that sunlight leaked in from multiple tiny holes that had formed. Through one of the holes fell Gannala. Promptly in response, Brangara leapt towards her, condensing wind drills on both arms, "Come!"

The wind drills spun rapidly as in excitement, Brangara activated one more Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination, further increasing their intensity. Thunderous roars blasted from them as tens of thousands of wind blades revolved around his hands as part of the wind drills.

His face bloomed in excitement as the distance between the duo reduced. But suddenly, once they were within 180 metres of each other, his wind drills lost power, dispersing by the time he was within arm's distance to Gannala.

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

"Hello, my predecessor's enemy!" Gannala grunted and pierced the bone spike—infused with the power of Bone-

Melting Artillery and Internal Inertial Gravity—she held into Brangara's chest, using the momentum behind his leap against him.

A sizzling sound resounded as the bone spike pierced his chest, proceeding towards his heart.



Chapter 655 Tip Him Over The Edge

﻿﻿"What?" Brangara was stunned when his wind drills were snuffed out, 'That was created through three Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination!'

The Millinger was a Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Its Secondary Nature of Inhibition Dome was only at Beginner Gold Grade. In contrast, Subtle Terrain Domination was an Expert Gold Grade Nature.

Both the Natures ran counter to each other, vying for dominance. One intended to inhibit Prana and all abilities unleashed through it within the range of its effect. The other intended to dominate everything within range.

Typically, Millingers avoid encountering Empyrean Snappers. In a hundred battles between each other, the Empyrean Snappers win all hundred. There was a significant difference in their physique.

And even among their Natures, Subtle Terrain Domination was capable of working, albeit with significantly lowered efficiency even within Inhibition Dome. Hence, Gannala's Inhibition Dome shouldn't have suppressed Brangara's wind drills, which were condensed through the effects of three Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

On paper, the wind drills should have emerged victorious. But in reality, there was a steep skill issue between the two.

It hadn't been long since Brangara obtained Subtle Terrain Domination. His control over the intricacies of the Nature was minimal at best. Even Wittral, the Empyrean Snapper born with the perfect genes hadn't come close to mastering Subtle Terrain Domination after decades of training.

This was despite him being born as an existence geared perfectly to wield the power of Subtle Terrain Domination.

In contrast, the Celestial Boar wasn't as well equipped to wield Subtle Terrain Domination, whether physically or mentally. And the time he spent training with it was scant. In terms of knowledge regarding the usage of Subtle Terrain Domination, he had just begun gathering it through experimentation and the Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers from his Astral World.

On the other hand, Gannala had been wielding Inhibition Dome for years, not to mention possessing the entirety of a Millinger's data. Moreover, she had equipped herself onto a Millinger's body and had unleashed Inhibition Dome through it.

Therefore, she emerged victorious in the exchange, ending up piercing the bone spike into Brangara's chest, 'It's tough!'

She grunted, using psychokinesis to rotate the bone spike and drill it further into Brangara's chest, proceeding for a couple more centimetres when Brangara assumed Celestial Boar form and sent her flying through the expansion of his physical size.

A Transcendent Eater branch coiled and formed a helical slide for Gannala to cushion herself. She slid down the slide and landed on the ground, staring up to see the Celestial Boar. There was silence between the two for an instant, following which nonstop punches rained down.

A dome formed above Gannala and tanked the punches. The various branches forming it trembled violently, rapidly shredded through by the wind blades accompanying each of Brangara's punches.

The range of the Inhibition Dome was only 180 metres around the caster's body. It was incapable of encompassing the Celestial Boar's bipedal body that reached a height of 800 metres. Even if Gannala's skill level was superior to his, it mattered naught as he was still the stronger one.

"Again?" His eyes darted to the side and observed a dome form rapidly, encompassing him within it. In the meantime, the dome protecting Gannala parted to the side, revealing her in full confidence.

Followed by a leap, Gannala approached him, startling him once again, for he was currently in his Celestial Boar form. But he didn't care about her reason, for it worked in his favour that she decided to approach him first.

The Celestial Boar extended its hand and grabbed Gannala. A loud boom later, its fingers exploded, revealing a bloody Gannala who seemed to have grown significantly stronger than before.

"Take this!" Followed by a roar, she raced across his hand and stomped hard with every single step, cracking the Celestial Boar's arm bone with every attempt. Bone armour covered her body, one that allowed her to ignore the defensive layer of air around the Celestial Boar's body erected by Subtle Terrain Domination.

The Celestial Boar targeted her with his other hand, intending to swat her like a mosquito. A resounding boom reverberated from the impact, but Gannala evaded it easily, her figure a blur now, going even faster.

She ran up to the Celestial Boar's neck and leapt, punching the side of its jaw with all her might, one powerful enough to rock the head to an alarming extent. The neck bone fractured as the fragments lodged themselves into the brain, resulting in a concussion.

Brangara switched bodies and reverted to human form in an effort to evade her subsequent attacks. He kicked the ground and erected some distance between the two, 'How the heck did she do that? That level of physical strength is only possible by using around ten Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity! It's impossible unless she has Astral Chart!'

He was in a state of shock, failing to understand how Gannala had become so strong. That wasn't all. His second body didn't seem like it could recover as easily as usual, since his Prana had to either bring the broken neck bone fragments to the original place or expel them out of the body to begin the recovery process.

But as some of the pieces had entered the brain, there was a necessity to take things slow. Otherwise, if the brain were to get damaged, it might throw off the sync between the minds of the two bodies and disrupt the stack.

The Celestial Boar was a terrifying existence, but like every single living being, its strength wasn't uniformly distributed across the body. There were sensitive regions, similar to what Gannala had targeted just now.

A simple neck injury would have healed in a matter of seconds. But Gannala used the impact from her punch to distribute the fragments of the neck bone strategically across the region, ensuring the Celestial Boar took the longest possible time to recover.

She was trying to discover as many possibilities as possible to prevent the Celestial Boar from exerting its full strength. And the source of confidence allowing her to experiment was her current body, one that she had switched into while protected within the dome against the Celestial Boar's punches.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

This was one of the many Empyrean Zingers Inala had left in the hands of the Mammoth Clan before the Second Major Disaster. And since they could live in her biome without causing issues, they were all taken into Gannala's custody.

Created by Inala before he left the Dralh Sea when his female form was still a Mammoth Clansman, these Empyrean Zingers had the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Gannala equipped herself onto its Tertiary Nature slot and became able to wield two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. As the Supreme Tusk's successor, and a powerful Empyrean Tusk herself, Gannala was able to harmonise the two Natures and combine their might to an extent the Empyrean Boar King could only achieve the result of by activating ten such Natures.

On one hand, the Empyrean Boar King was barely harnessing the strength of Internal Inertial Gravity, since it had no experience using it. And on the other hand, Gannala had a tremendous volume of experience. She was using the two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity close to their full potential.

The result was such overwhelming might. Unfortunately, Gannala couldn't assume Empyrean Tusk form, for she was inhabiting the body of an Empyrean Zinger. Otherwise, she would have been even stronger.

Even her armour was created through a Prana Bomb, which absorbed Brangara's Prana—that carried the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination. It was what allowed her to ignore his air defences and rush him.

For a moment, he thought of using his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp but decided otherwise immediately after. Brangara had the Tertiary Nature of Major Treasure. That in itself could pose plenty of problems.

If Virala misjudges the situation and ends up losing the Minor Treasure, he can only blame his foolishness. Minor Treasures weren't invincible. The Celestial Boar's physical might was more than enough to crush it.

Therefore, unless he had enough guarantee that the Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp could significantly damage the Celestial Boar, he wasn't planning on using it.

He only had to insert the data of Mystic Nature Art in the minds of regular opponents to cripple them from the inside—as they'll begin turning into Mystic Humans and die the majority of the time. But, Brangara might have Tangible Natures to protect him from the cultivation technique.

He'll be able to use this tactic only once. So, Virala wished to have better odds before using it. 'This isn't the Fourth Major Disaster. I'll become significantly terrifying once I reach the 10-

Life Stage.'

'I can significantly overpower even him by then in terms of physique.' Virala thought and attacked Brangara.

Brangara switched between human and Celestial Boar forms as he endured attacks from Gannala and Virala. And every time Gannala intended to change tactics, Blola would provide her momentary cover, during which she could change her body.

She also had Empyrean Zingers which had the Secondary Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination, relying upon it to absolutely rattle Brangara. After all, only Empyrean Snappers had that Nature. And all the Empyrean Snappers that had died were thanks to him. Their Natures were in his possession.

So, Brangara was unable to understand just where the fuck Gannala obtained Subtle Terrain Domination from. It was as if she pulled it from thin air. Unable to understand the cause, the more he fought her, the more bewildered he became.

Moreover, even after using three Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, coupled with three Natures of Bloody Affection, and over a dozen Natures of Shredded Lunge, Brangara hadn't managed to kill Gannala.

His confidence was getting hacked at the more he fought, inching him closer and closer to activating five more Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination to enter that state of absolute control, which he used to destroy the Cooter Clan branch at the Dralh Sea.

Bone-Melting Artillery, followed by Subtle Terrain Domination, and Satellite. By switching three bodies one after another, Gannala created powerful items with terrifying corrosiveness. Through Subtle Terrain Domination, she increased their sturdiness and corrosiveness to an extent surpassing the Millinger's.

And upon entering the body of an Enran, she turned the items into Satellites and Comets, thereby having an arsenal of powerful items constantly protecting her and attacking Brangara respectively.

She wielded the Millinger's body and engaged in close combat with Brangara, using Inhibition Dome to prevent him from using both Subtle Terrain Domination and Bloody Affection.

Even when he used Shredded Lunge, he was only able to leap a distance. The wind blades that would typically be unleashed at the end of his leap were inhibited. Her actions pressured Brangara to the limit, making him almost activate five more Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

But right as he intended to do so, an ink-black substance gushed out of the ground in a large volume, possessing adhesive properties and an affinity to all living beings. The substance targeted everyone in the region.

"Finally!" Virala laughed as the ink-black substance layered him in a matter of seconds. Gannala and Blola too were similarly covered by it. The trio were unharmed by it. Or rather, the ink-

black substance served as an armour.

It was selectively dangerous to only one individual—Brangara!

"Argh!" Brangara used Subtle Terrain Domination to keep the ink-black substance at bay. But once the effects vanished as his body came within the range of Gannala's Inhibition Dome, the substance latched onto him and began to burn him.

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

Human Avatar—Selectively Permeable Plasma!

Orakha had been preparing it for so long, ensuring the generated heat was strong enough to harm even the Celestial Boar, having been improving the potency of his Human Avatar through the Sumatra Gold fused into it.

He had been making changes by observing the battle, trying out multiple formulae until he found one that could burn through Brangara's skin. Once he was ready, he launched his attack.

'Now, I should make preparations to flee.' Gannala thought and began to increase the pressure in the biome of her lungs, intending to unleash a powerful thrust to flee. They had tipped Brangara over the edge. So, the moment he taps into the reserve of strength that he had been saving up, she'll flee the place.

Orakha could revive while Blola had a body in safety at the Mammoth Clan. Virala would flee deep underground in his Mystic Ewworm form at the first sign of danger, since he had been training to react promptly to such situations.

So, Gannala had to focus on protecting herself, since she would be Brangara's primary target. With that in mind, she touched a Transcendent Eater branch, accessing Blola's memories, 'Have the two of them still not broken free yet?'

'We're running out of time!'



Chapter 656 I Am Wherever You Are

﻿﻿"Brangara!" Yarsha Zahara screamed in a fluster upon seeing Brangara's figure vanish from the peak of the Zahara Kingdom's palace. A red hue highlighted her face as she focused on the meteors approaching her Kingdom.

Prana burst out of her body and transformed into shockwaves, expertly controlled as her figure turned into a flicker of white and grabbed the bodies of Grehha and Yennda. She then jumped through a window and skipped to the roof of the palace, gathering Prana to her throat before unleashing a powerful roar.

"Activate!"

Prana rippled out of her location as immediately in response, the roofs of every single house in the Kingdom flew out, carried by a wind each. A pause later, they flew towards the meteors, bombarding the meteor strike.

Smoke gushed out of the chimneys of the houses and condensed into clouds that spread across the Kingdom at an altitude of 300 metres, forming a barrier. The fragments generated by the collision of the ceilings into the meteors slammed into the smoke barrier and became trapped there.

The blackish smoke thickened as the number of bombarding fragments increased in number. Intense heat from the burning fragments increased the kinetic energy within the smoke, beginning to disperse it.

But in response, Yarsha Zahara simply drew out more smoke from the chimneys.

Satellite!

It was the Primary Nature of an Enrino, her favourite Nature. After all, it worked perfectly in sync with her Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection. As long as she held a Satellite in her hand, Yarsha Zahara was capable of turning any Nature that she gained control of into a Satellite.

The Nature of Satellite worked by infusing Prana into any product produced by the Enrino's body. The result was an item camouflaged as part of its body, one that protected it against enemies even without conscious input.

The Satellite held the Enrino's will, able to function based on it. The Enrino only had to replenish the Satellite's Prana from time to time to ensure it functioned without issues.

Any Nature that Yarsha Zahara gains possession of through Incident Nature Reflection becomes a part of her being—her Human Avatar.

Generally, she would discharge it immediately after, for carrying the effects of a Nature for long only served to tire her out both mentally and physically. But that was where the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox came. It served to store the effects of Natures, which was where Yarsha Zahara stored the Natures that she gained possession of.

It was the perfect Minor Treasure she could ask for, so much so that the greater the number of the Minor Treasures of Lunchbox she had, the stronger she became. And no matter the case, Yarsha Zahara stored two Natures—Satellite, and Comet—in her Lunchbox.

As they were physical items, until the Prana infused in their being was consumed, they could serve as a Satellite and Comet respectively. And until they were effective, Yarsha Zahara could apply her power on the Natures she obtains and turn them into Satellites and Comets.

After Brangara became the Celestial Boar, he captured a bunch of Enrinos and Enrans for her use, stored safely in the Zahara Kingdom's treasury. She even had a Tangible Nature of Enrino in her Lunchbox.

It was a matter of when their enemies would target her Kingdom. So, Yarsha Zahara was busy with preparations, having installed all sorts of Satellites and Comets across the Zahara Kingdom. She modified them through Yennda's Natures and made them in such a way that they could be supplied with Prana by anyone.

These Satellites and Comets were biological and hadn't even taken action yet. The ceiling used to be a regular material that had been a part of the houses for years.

After Brangara returned from the Dralh Sea, he used Subtle Terrain Domination on the ceilings and turned them into Spirit Weapons that he could control. Immediately after that, Yarsha Zahara touched them with her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon and gained possession of them.

She then absorbed the effects of Satellite and turned the ceilings into Satellite, preparing them to defend against meteor strikes unleashed by the Royal Zinger. She had faced the power of Inala's throws and knew how devastating they were.

The Royal Zinger could huddle itself hundreds of kilometres away and hurl projectiles at her home. Without teleportation, it was impossible to cover this distance and engage in a fight with the Royal Zinger to stop the throws.

Hence, it was of tantamount importance that there existed defensive measures in place to protect her home against such an unreasonable attack. To prevent the ceilings from targeting anything that approached them from the sky and prematurely revealing themselves, Yarsha Zahara created a key to activate them.

It was a Skill that would unleash a pulse of Prana, which would activate the ceilings. She gave the Key to a select few across the Kingdom and positioned them strategically. This way, the Zahara Kingdom would be able to protect itself even without her involvement.

Also, with the Key, the Satellites—ceilings—didn't have to stay active all the time and cause a severe drain of Prana. Once they enter an inactive state, they'll exist for a long time, spanning decades or even centuries. Their lifespan depended on the material and construction quality of the ceilings.

With these defensive arrangements, Yarsha Zahara didn't have to worry too much about the people. Promptly upon seeing the meteor strike, the people began to evacuate in an orderly manner, heading towards the bunkers that she had created in advance.

'The defensive measures should last until the end of the meteor strike.' Yarsha Zahara calculated as she observed a line of meteors heading towards the Zahara Kingdom, focusing on the arc and speed made by them as she judged immediately, 'Three minutes!'

She focused on the meteors that were still gaining altitude before their eventual descent to the Zahara Kingdom. 'What does the enemy hope to gain in three minutes?'

"And…" She noticed the figure of the Empyrean Tusk standing over the horizon. Her eyes darted towards the duo of Grehha and Yennda and noticed their petrified expression upon staring at the Empyrean Tusk, 'Considering their expressions and husband's reaction, the identity of that Empyrean Tusk is crystal clear.'

"That's Gannala, right?" She muttered, clicking her tongue upon feeling an increased resistance from the duo, "It's no use trying to commit suicide. I'm not giving you any leeway to head to Gannala's rescue."

"Irrespective of what the enemy has planned, they'll die to my husband. None of you has an idea of how strong he has become…" Words were caught in her throat as her gaze focused on a lone Parute tree that had appeared in the exclusive zone containing the Wean Clan's second generation.

Five-sixths of the pregnant women had given birth already and the remaining were on track to go through delivery in the upcoming days. The ninety wives, ten husbands, 80 babies, and the hundred nannies had joined Brana and his siblings to evacuate in an orderly fashion.

And having appeared en route to their evacuation path was this Parute Tree. In order to not miss the signs of an intruder, Yarsha Zahara had been obsessing over the safety and security of her Kingdom, especially this place with the Wean Clan's future.

She knew every single detail related to the place by heart. The Parute Tree had appeared all of a sudden. It hadn't been there the last time she inspected the place, which was a couple hours ago.

'Though Parute Trees pop up naturally like that in places with a high concentration of living beings, it's better to take precaution.' Thinking of Blola, she grabbed Grehha and Yennda to leap from the palace. Shockwaves of Prana turned her figure blurry as she blazed through the distance and appeared before Brana, "Go through another path…"

She spontaneously unleashed an Eddy Blade at the Parute Tree that popped up right before her son. She had just hacked it when another Parute Tree appeared, this time in the midst of the group led by Brana, "Shit!"

"Bingo!" As the crowd parted away from the Parute Tree in a hurry, a satisfied voice resounded. It jiggled once and morphed into the figure of Blola who stared at Yarsha Zahara gloomily, "We could have played around a bit more, you know?"

Bone vapour spread across the place rapidly as Grehha punched Blola after activating his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. A resounding boom reverberated from the punch as his fist impacted a branch that jutted out of the ground.

Bone vapour solidified into a dome and trapped Blola inside. It rapidly spread into the ground, intending to form a sphere, similar to how Inala had trapped Blola in the past.

Grehha made eye contact with Blola and smiled upon seeing the latter's confidence, 'Okay, let's see what you have in store for us, Gannala.'

Yarsha Zahara was controlling Grehha. She intended to use a Mystic Path to deal with another Mystic Path. That way, she could focus on using her strength to protect her children and grandchildren.

"Let's get you all to safety first." Yarsha Zahara brought out the golden feline that she stole from Boul Brimgan. As it was a Minor Treasure, she fused it into Brana's body, allowing it to protect him for the time being.

With its speed, it could protect them all without issues. And its range was more than enough to take care of the entire group. The golden feline could move about in a radius of 1.8 kilometres from Brana.

"Go!" Yarsha Zahara shouted, only to stop Brana in his tracks upon seeing another Parute Tree pop up near them. She spun once and used an Eddy Blade to hack it into pieces, commanding Grehha to return, watching the latter sprint to her while holding a beaten-up branch.

"He's a tricky guy!" Grehha grunted as he threw the branch towards Yennda.

Yennda used his Natures to transform the branch into fission beings, greenish-brown humanoid entities with thorns on their back like a porcupine. Their steps were wobbly, but contained on their back was enough tension. Once released, the thorns would shoot out like bullets to harm their enemies.

As they were created through the branch of a Transcendent Eater, they were significantly strong. Moreover, they were influenced by the Transcendent Eater's Prana present in the branch. The fission beings formed a perimeter around the group, intending to protect them.

But right as they formed a protective encirclement, branches jutted out of the ground, formed carnivorous mouths, and gobbled them up. The branches retreated into the ground. Followed by a surge in Prana, the effects of Yennda's Natures were neutralised.

A Parute Tree grew in their midst once again, throwing the group in disarray. A wiggle later, it transformed into Blola who wore a cheerful smile, "You can't afford to kill me."

Yarsha Zahara stood before him, unfazed by his tactics. But that wasn't the case for the rest, who began to become terrified of Parute Trees instinctively. Now, they'll think twice about approaching a Parute Fruit, not to mention a Parute Tree, fearing it would form a carnivorous mouth and devour them.

A flash of Prana later, Yarsha Zahara severed his body, only to see a Parute Tree jut out of the ground twenty metres away. It wriggled as Blola walked out, having appeared beside a terrified Penma.

He stared at her and smiled, his grin widening as the latter fainted in fright, "Wherever there's a Parute Tree, know that I'm watching you."



Chapter 657 You Were Too Focused

﻿﻿"Get AWAY FROM HER!" Yarsha Zahara bellowed as her figure flickered towards Blola, spinning rapidly to hack the latter, all while ensuring her attacks didn't harm Penma. After all, Penma was carrying a baby, who was her grandson.

Even though her Eddy Blade severed through the body of Blola supposedly, she didn't get the feeling that she had killed him. Or rather, it felt like she was simply hacking away at the branches of the Transcendent Eater.

'Is he creating false bodies?' She thought and observed the figure of Blola that formed out of a Parute Tree near Brana. Her gaze fell to the soles of his feet, observing hair-like strands trailing into the ground. 'I think I can see what is happening.'

She tapped her foot on the ground and unleashed a shockwave, targeting the hair-like strands. Once severed, the figure of Blola acted like a puppet whose strings were cut as his figure collapsed to the ground.

But an instant later, he got up without issues, terrifying most of the people in the vicinity. Yarsha Zahara remained calm, however. She observed another patch of strings had connected with Blola's feet, controlling him.

'His real body is probably deep underground.' She thought and snapped her finger, unleashing a Prana fluctuation that drew in the Mystic Eaters dispersed underground, 'Target him!'

Tiny holes were situated towards the bottom edges of all walls, connecting into pipes that proceeded underground. They acted as pathways for her Prana to flow through and make contact with the Mystic Eaters.

As Prana couldn't penetrate the ground without losing most of its power, she had to rely on this method to communicate with the Mystic Eaters. In response to her command, the Mystic Eaters grew active, absorbing the Prana she generated to replenish their reserves, using which they made a move.

It took less than ten seconds before a Mystic Eater detected a figure calmly seated underground, in the shape of a taproot, looking similar to a turnip. The Mystic Eater targeted the taproot, only to be latched onto by a dozen root tendrils, the ends of which sprouted carnivorous mouths and clobbered the Mystic Eater.

A few more Mystic Eaters approached the taproot in the meantime as one of them entered Yarsha Zahara's Spirit Weapon range, informing her of everything that was happening underground, 'Found you!'

She used Prana Shock and Eddy Blade in conjunction and severed another body of Blola. Before another body could appear, she raced towards an open ground and stomped on it, erupting with a stream of Prana. Immediately in response, the ground wriggled and drilled deeper underground.

A part of the ground had been turned into Brangara's Spirit Weapon through Subtle Terrain Domination. Yarsha Zahara gained control of it through her Primary Nature and turned it into a Comet. Now, she had activated it, giving it the command to target the taproot hidden deep underground.

As the Comet had the power of Subtle Terrain Domination, it was able to freely transform its shape, behaving no different from a liquid as it flowed towards the taproot and targeted it. Dozens of roots sprouted out of the taproot and bombarded it.

The Comet retaliated in response, getting shredded in a matter of seconds. But by then, Yarsha Zahara had drilled a path to the taproot, glaring at the culprit, "There you are!"

"Congratulations on finding your way here!" The taproot transformed into Blola, his actual body. A wave of his hand later, dozens of branches fitted with carnivorous mouths burst out of his spot and uprooted the layer of earth above his position.

"Ack!"

"Aaah!"

"My Kids!"

Countless women part of the group screamed in fright, desperately using all their strength to protect their children while they were thrown into the sky by the upheaval. Dozens of branches popped out of the ground and flailed around, wreaking havoc. Their carnivorous mouths chomped around, targeting the women and their children.

"I'm coming!" Brana shouted as he kicked the ground and grabbed the woman targeted by a carnivorous mouth, barely managing to save her. His expression despaired as he noticed more than twenty others in the same situation, 'No! I won't be able to save them all!'

He stared at the carnivorous mouths, tremoring in response, experiencing a chill, able to fully understand the sheer difference between him and a Mystic Seven.

There was a flash of grey, following which a layer of bone vapour covered most of the branches and hardened, constricting their movements. The branches wriggled, causing cracks to form, about to break free in a second or two.

But that was more than enough time, as followed by a white flash, the figure of Yarsha Zahara flickered across the branches, grabbed the women in danger, plunged a greyish-black substance into their bodies and hurled them away.

Boom!

A pregnant woman slammed into the ground, screaming in fright as she formed a crater. "My baby!"

She hurriedly got up and observed a mysterious, overwhelming power course through her body, one that somehow managed to protect her and ensure her body didn't sustain damage in the slightest from the impact.

"Is this…Internal Inertial Gravity? How mystifying…" She muttered as the power vanished from her body, causing her to feel damn weak immediately in response.

Grehha had the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Yarsha Zahara absorbed it from him moments ago, transformed it into a Satellite, and infused it into the bodies of all the women in harm before kicking them away from the carnivorous mouths.

She hadn't stopped at that and instead spun rapidly along the way, unleashing Eddy Blades strategically.

Boom!

As the crowd had been cleared out from the conflict zone, the bone layer covering the Transcendent Eater shattered. But alongside their crumbling fragments were the Transcendent Eater's branches, falling off as large chunks, having all been severed.

'She…hasn't been pressurised in the slightest.' Grehha thought as he observed the figure of Yarsha Zahara arrive at a halt before the crowd of people, having saved them all without issues. And as she arrived at a halt, thunderous sounds resounded as the dozens of Transcendent Eater branches collapsed to form a pile on the ground.

As he stared at her visage, his heart rate accelerated, 'Even with Silver Grade strength, she was amazing in Sumatra Chronicles. Now, she's on a whole other level.'

"This is what the peak of Free Humans has to offer." He muttered, enamoured with her graceful actions, "The heroine is indeed built different."

"Don't dawdle, make a move, now!" Yarsha Zahara shouted at her three sons, "One of you, protect Barla!"

"It must be hard to take care of people vastly incompetent as compared to you, huh?" A mocking remark resounded as the chopped branches were absorbed by roots that jutted out of the ground for a couple of seconds.

Immediately after, a large branch sprouted and reached a height of eighty metres. The carnivorous mouth growing at its end reached a size of forty metres, significantly terrifying to look at. It opened its mouth and displayed hundreds of circular teeth, unleashing a sweet, almost irresistible scent.

Parute King Fruit!

The scent was too strong as the group that was fleeing away stopped abruptly.

"Why have the lot of you stopped?" Brana shouted in a fluster and turned around, realising all his wives were drooling, unable to control themselves. Subconsciously, they turned around and began to run towards the Transcendent Eater.

"Stop!" Brana roared and transformed into an Empyrean Boar to leap on their paths, blockading them. He was terrified, seeing his wives exhibit no semblance of sentience and pounce like ravenous beasts. Even their children were in the same state.

Hungry!

He tried to stop them, alarmed to see that even he was being subjugated by the scent released by the Transcendent Eater. Thoughts in his mind were gradually being replaced by hunger and his wish to consume the Parute King Fruits.

A single Parute Tree in the wilds gets contested by a tribe of Pranic Beasts. If there were thirty or more Parute Trees, then even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would kill each other to vie for dominance. After all, any existence with Prana could smell a Parute Tree from afar.

The stronger they were, the greater the range through which they could sense the Parute Trees. A faint scent would be released by the Parute Trees, gathering Pranic Beasts to fight for control over the area it lived upon.

In its evolutionary path was a Parute Tree, followed by a Parute Tree King, and then its final form, the Transcendent Eater. When even a Parute Tree gets fought for by powerful groups, it needn't be mentioned about Parute King Trees.

When Blola appeared in the form of a Parute King Tree before the Brimgan Empire, a massive war ensued. Hadn't Inala used the Boar King's presence to pressurise everyone and assassinate Blola promptly, things would have spiralled out of control rapidly.

Officially, over three hundred Gold Grade Pranic Beasts lived around the Brimgan Empire. Unofficially, there were more, living in hiding. Without exception, all of them would have contested to gain possession of the Parute King Tree.

It was that alluring of an existence.

And currently, Blola had gone a step further. He controlled to ensure the range was only his vicinity, but the scent he released surpassed that of a Parute King Tree. It was as if he had concentrated the essence of thousands of Parute King Fruits into a singular existence, creating an ultimate consumable that only Transcendents could enjoy.

The scent it released was impossible to resist for the average individual. Even Brana and his siblings with Gold Grade strength were gradually succumbing to it, subconsciously about to leap into the carnivorous mouth that released the scent.

"Do you know of a way to stop it?" Yarsha Zahara grabbed Grehha and Yennda, exercising all her will to make them answer, "Tell me!"

"Severing his body is the only way." Grehha talked under her will, "If you don't target the root of the issue, all you'll do is pull more responsibilities for yourself. Even you cannot fight Blola while constantly protecting everyone else."

"You can also knock out everyone and prevent them from approaching Blola." Yennda gave his opinion, "At least, this way, you can focus on dealing with him."

"What do I do?" She grumbled while using Grehha's Empyrean Incubators to seal everyone and prevent them from approaching Blola. In their hungry states, none of the people seemed capable of using Prana, so the Empyrean Incubators would be able to hold them without issues.

But this made them sitting ducks, unable to leave the place, only adding to her frustration as even her children began to lose signs of sentience. She would have to transport them to safety, but Blola wasn't giving her any chance.

And as there was a high chance of them being harmed, Yarsha Zahara couldn't unleash any area-of-effect attacks and instead had to limit herself to precision attacks, which demanded significantly higher control and focus from her.

Branches jutted out like an encirclement to protect the large carnivorous head that was emitting the irresistible scent. Yarsha Zahara would have to go through multiple layers of them to deal with the cause, which would take some time.

Of course, time wasn't a luxury for her as Gannala's scheme had just begun.

'You were too focused on me, Yarsha. That was your mistake.' Blola thought.

One of the meteors exploded when a group of ceilings slammed into it. But upon explosion, a powerful gust of compressed air was released radially, producing a powerful shockwave that sent the ceilings hurling into the barrier.

Hidden behind the compressed pocket of air was a bone sphere, barely a metre in diameter. It slammed into the barrier and dented it, incomparably heavy. The smoke barrier caved in as the bone sphere fell through, turning light along the way as it gently landed on the ground.

A second later, it expanded in size, reaching a diameter of three hundred metres and cracked, shattering a few seconds later to release a horde of Bone Vipers.



Chapter 658 Absolute Disgustingness

﻿﻿Internal Inertial Gravity had been used to bend space within the bone sphere, enough to house at least a thousand Bone Vipers within. Safely tucked away in the meteors were many such bone spheres, strategically placed after careful consideration.

Gannala had been spying and keeping track of the changes in the Zahara Kingdom for close to four years. During this time, she had been making preparations.

As the bone sphere shattered, the Bone Vipers rushed out in large numbers, flooding the streets. It had only been a minute since the meteors had begun bombarding the Zahara Kingdom, so it wasn't enough time for the citizens to evacuate.

"Help!"

"Save us!"

The people screamed in fright, scurrying away. They were unable to handle the Bone Vipers that were not only fast but also annoyingly resilient. They might be Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, but each Bone Viper had three Natures.

In comparison, the majority of the Free Humans had Iron Grade Human Avatar and hadn't even reached the peak of the Body Stage, not to mention entering the Life Stage. They also had one Nature, not to mention having varying strengths along the Iron Grade.

As Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, Bone Vipers moved as a collective unit, spreading out a bone vapour around them that doubled down as offence and defence. They collectively defended against the Free Humans and moved through the streets with unabated momentum.

They ignored the Free Humans and headed in the direction of the palace, having an objective.

"This is where you'll stop!" Bunakin Vara bellowed as he activated dozens of Natures.

Primary Nature--Blessed Inheritance!

Ten Tangible Natures condensed around him, granted to him by Brangara. He was ready to stop the Bone Vipers on their tracks, unwilling to allow them anywhere near Yarsha Zahara.

He glared at the cloud of bone vapour approaching him and erupted with all his strength, killing no more than twenty Bone Vipers when he found himself trapped within a wall of bone that was three metres thick.

Boom!

He punched it, causing a portion of the bone wall to crack and collapse, grunting as its thickness seemed endless. "Dammit! Move!"

'I can't believe I was trapped so easily!' He used Drifting Tunnel and Shredded Lunge, taking five seconds to emerge out of the wall, only to stare at a second wall. He bellowed in anger and tunnelled his way out, alarmed to see the group of Bone Vipers had gone past him.

"Don't you dare head that way!" He spanned Shredded Lunge and targeted the rear end of the bone vapour, killing a few Bone Vipers with every attack.

"Leader! There's more of them!" Katal Vara, one of the five Royal Guards shrilled as he pointed in another direction, "There's a thousand of them here!"

"There's another!"

"One more here!"

The Royal Guards leapt onto the terrace of the closest buildings and observed many bone spheres piercing the barrier to land and release a swarm of Bone Vipers. And without missing a beat, all the Bone Vipers headed towards the Wean Clan's second generation, ignoring everything else in their path.

They didn't care even when a group of them were killed by the soldiers, Royal Guards, etc.

"What...the fuck is that?" Bunakin Vara stared at the carnivorous mouth farther away. All the Bone Vipers were being lured in its direction, "Is that a...Transcendent Eater?"

He gulped subconsciously, pressured by the situation, "That's one of our Empire's enemies!"

"Leader! We need to support Her Majesty!" Shael Vara shouted and skipped along the roofs of the houses through Shredded Lunge, racing past the Bone Vipers.

Her shout brought him to his senses as Bunakin Vara joined the Royal Guards to rush towards Yarsha Zahara while continuing to attack the Bone Vipers along the way.

The meteor strike appeared right as the Royal Guards were in a meeting, away from Yarsha Zahara and her children. The timing was uncanny.

"Faster!" Bunakin Vara shouted as he observed the number of branches carrying carnivorous mouths increase rapidly, forming a forest as they reached the three digits.

"You should know what they are." One of the carnivorous mouths along the outer edge of the forest opened its mouth to speak, staring at Yarsha Zahara, "I'm sure you extracted that information out of Grehha."

"Bone Vipers!" Yarsha Zahara gritted her teeth, observing bone spheres penetrate her barrier from time to time and hatch a thousand Bone Vipers each. They all hatched far away before heading in her direction.

She could use a Centinger's Artillery Strike to target them, but doing so would disrupt the biome within the bone sphere, resulting in an explosion. That would cause more damage than if the Bone Vipers were to hatch normally, since the bone sphere lightened its weight to the limit when it impacted the ground.

She could also use the golden feline to unleash a beam of Prana and destroy the bone spheres. But that was a Prana-intensive attack. She would run out of Prana quickly upon using it, which would only place everyone at risk.

Using such a powerful attack was a waste, as there were multiple bone spheres to target. 'Then, there's only one option.'

Yarsha Zahara approached Brana and reclaimed the golden feline, controlling it herself as her son was barely able to handle himself, not to mention giving the golden feline orders.

With a thought from her, the golden feline turned into a golden flash and rushed through the streets. It leapt into an approaching bone vapour and emerged ten seconds later, having shredded through all the Bone Vipers.

After dealing with a group, it sprinted towards a second group. It was capable of conscious thought, able to fight on its own. Yarsha Zahara relayed to it information regarding the approaching groups, allowing it to efficiently deal with them.

'That one existence massively reduces the threat posed by the Bone Vipers.' Blola thought as he observed the golden feline casually shred through the Bone Vipers. It was an existence that survived after facing the Boar King. Mere Iron Grade Pranic Beasts weren't its match, especially considering its speed and agility.

Kiek! Kuak!

Wormy, humanoid fission beings drilled out of the ground, breaking out of containers filled with a viscous fluid. They were Pranic Beasts grossly mutated by Yarsha Zahara through the usage of Yennda's powers.

They were significantly weaker than their original counterpart, but they obeyed her orders, which was to her benefit. Due to the gross mutation, their bodies rejected the changes, able to survive for a few hours at most before dying.

Hence, Yarsha Zahara stored them in solutions that maintained them in a state of stasis, almost akin to suspended animation. When required, she would bring them out of the container, such as the current situation.

Their bodies began to break down immediately after leaving their containers. One of the Fission Beings lost a leg within seconds, unable to walk. It dragged itself to face a group of Bone Vipers rushing its way and activated its Primary Nature, resulting in a hail of thorns before its body exploded from the pressure.

It leaked turbid blood from the explosion and caused a nauseous stench, enough to make most Pranic Beasts instinctively shy away from the place.

Of course, the Bone Vipers didn't care about that, having a one-track mind. Their bone vapour defended against the attack as they destroyed the fission beings along their path. As they fought their way through, their numbers began to dwindle gradually.

"Seems this isn't enough to pressure you," Blola muttered as he stopped holding back. His roots extended rapidly and caused a branch to jut out of the ground a kilometre away. Its carnivorous mouth grabbed a group of fission beings and threw them towards Yarsha Zahara's grandchildren.

Ripples formed in the air thanks to Prana Shock as the fission beings splattered mid-flight. Yarsha Zahara flickered nonstop as she not only fought the Transcendent Eater but also defended the group encased in Empyrean Incubators.

"Stay still!" She grunted, having slung both Yennda and Grehha on her back, for only in this way could she keep them within her Spirit Weapon range while darting around all over the place. Moreover, she was using them like batteries, causing them to produce the effects of their Natures that she absorbed and used as she pleased.

Every second, a Transcendent Eater branch was cut up, resulting in a thunderous thud. The carnivorous mouths extended towards the newborn Wean Clansmen, intending to gobble them up, only to be severed by Yarsha at the last moment possible.

She infused the Empyrean Incubators with Internal Inertial Gravity and kicked them away, gradually increasing the distance between them and Blola. She intended to increase the distance until she could unleash a powerful attack without worries, such as a Centinger's artillery strike.

Swoosh!

She stomped upon a severed Transcendent Eater branch and used the last of her stored reserve of Bloody Affection. The blood from the severed branch flowed into her mouth and was rapidly digested in her stomach.

Yarsha Zahara activated a bunch of Natures to improve her speed of digestion, generating Prana to keep fighting in such a manner. She made both Yennda and Grehha consume pieces of the Transcendent Eater's body and forced them to continue using Mystic Bone Art to digest the food faster.

This way, they could generate power for her to absorb. A stomp of her legs and the severed branches sprouted fission beings. They rushed the Transcendent Eater and kept as many branches as possible in check.

Whenever a carnivorous mouth approached an Empyrean Incubator, bone vapour slammed into it and petrified it, constricting its movements until Yarsha Zahara could deal with it.

She ran at rapid speeds through Internal Inertial Gravity, constantly absorbing it from Grehha. From time to time, when she didn't have enough rotary momentum to condense an Eddy Blade, she resorted to punches and kicks.

Facing a hundred branches wasn't each, even for her, especially while focusing on protecting her people. Her children too supported her, alleviating some pressure on her. But just as she was getting a hang of dealing with the Transcendent Eater, a gelatinous substance dripped from the carnivorous mouth in the centre.

"That's mine!" Immediately in response, the quartet of Brana, Braga, Baga, and Barla lost their minds and rushed into the thicket of branches that parted way, allowing them entry.

"Dammit!" Yarsha Zahara hesitated for a moment and alternated her gaze between her children and grandchildren. She then made up her mind and chased after her children, prioritising them, 'Always forced to make choices. The Mammoth Clan truly lives up to their title of being a wretched scum!'

"I'll kill you, Blola!" She roared and rushed into the thicket of branches, spinning like a beyblade as Eddy Blades flashed nonstop. Her motion and actions were no different from a Bludder's as Yarsha Zahara hacked multiple branches and chased after her children who sprinted in their Empyrean Boar forms.

Boom!

Right as she barged into the centre, a carnivorous mouth jutted out of the ground and spat a geyser of water at Brana, intending to kill him. She had no choice but to come in its way, using her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon as a shield.

The gelatinous substance dripped behind her as her four children jumped upon it, devouring the substance voraciously. The geyser was aimed at them. If she were to let go in the slightest, they'd be impacted and wounded severely.

The one in the direct line of sight was Barla, pregnant with a significantly talented Wean Clansman. Even if she survives the geyser, her child won't.

Grunting in rage, Yarsha Zahara pulled a greater volume of Internal Inertial Gravity and Spirit Bone from Grehha, using it to erect a layer of defence. Dozens of geysers impacted her, forcing her to use her everything on defence, making her draw even more of Grehha's strength.

"Did you forget something?" Suddenly, Blola's menacing voice resounded, immediately causing Yarsha Zahara to realise her mistake. At that moment, when she gave it her all to defend her children, she focused all her control on Grehha to make him churn power on her behalf and assist her.

In that instant, she wasn't controlling Yennda anymore, as his powers weren't suitable for defensive purposes.

"Oh…fuck!" Grehha's face paled in response as he resigned himself to fate, "This will traumatise me for life."

The Transcendent Eater branches wilted as Blola's body appeared deep underground, hiding there for the time being, having zero intentions to witness the shit that would happen next.

'I should stop him before he activates his Pranic Beast form!' Yarsha Zahara willed with all her might, intending to suppress Yennda. But unfortunately for her, it was too late, since he already activated the transformation in the instant he was freed.

Yennda's figure ballooned into an absolutely disgusting existence, unlike anything Sumatra had ever witnessed, grotesque beyond imagination. A mere glance at it and over a dozen phobias afflicted her, starting from trypophobia.

She didn't know what happened next, only that she was on the ground, vomiting her guts out.



Chapter 659 Tangible Epidemic

﻿﻿Sight! Sound! Smell! Taste! Touch!

The five senses were bombarded with an array of disgustingness, unlike anything they had ever witnessed. The people turned brainless by the Transcendent Eater's scent regained their senses, for an instant, before emptying their bile.

It was an existence that bubbled incessantly, expanding and contracting in a certain frequency that short-circuited the brain as a self-defence means. A disgusting sight to see. Spikes protruded selectively through the bubbles, oozing murky pus.

The pus squirted bit by bit, appearing like a mix between poop, vomit, etc. The smell was disgusting on a whole other level. Accompanied by gastric sounds, the smell rapidly fluctuated between various aromatic scents that tapered into a disgusting counterpart.

It might have started as the scent of a freshly baked cake. But in a couple of seconds, the smell would change as the cake decays. You might be savouring the aroma that was deteriorating rapidly, until you would be hit by a disgusting feeling that the scent you were savouring was a stench instead.

The same phenomenon happened to the taste too. The taste buds of everyone were experiencing the greatest of taste that rapidly deteriorated into decomposed shit. When it happened to every single smell, taste, sight, etc. the brain short-circuited, unable to handle the overwhelming feeling of disgust welling up from every inch of their being.

One second, she was standing firm on the ground. The other second, she was kneeling weakly, unable to control her motor functions as all she could do was puke uncontrollably.

A grating sound rammed into her ears, upsetting her stomach further. 'This…shit…I…need…to…get…up!'

Prana circulated through her as quickly as possible. Yarsha Zahara focused on her Prana, recovering little by little. She looked around, observing that all her people were safe, though traumatised upon seeing Yennda.

Her eyes then darted to the figure of Grehha who lay on the ground, his gaze vacant. His eyelids and lips twitched from time to time, as if he had gone insane. The region was completely safe other than that.

Blola had retreated into the ground and hence, there was no immediate threat to them. She barely managed to lift her head and observed a golden flash a hundred metres away. The golden feline arrived at a halt, holding the tail of a Bone Viper in its mouth.

With a crunch, it shattered the tail, the last of its kind in the vicinity. For a moment, it stared at Yarsha Zahara, its sentient eyes inspecting her condition. It didn't say anything and calmly turned around to target another batch of Bone Vipers.

"Retract…" She gasped and got up, trying her best to gather her will and suppress Yennda. She felt weak, but as Prana circulated through her body, it regulated her condition, dealing with the various phobias that she had been afflicted with.

"Too late, Yarsha." A rumbling voice resounded from within the sack of flesh that was an amalgamation of countless blobs, both fleshy and fluidic. "I'm already dying."

"What?" Yarsha was stunned as she realised something, "Your Pranic Beast transformation is a one-time use form?"

"It's because my Fragment Disease…still exists." A gasping voice echoed from somewhere within the mountain of expanding flesh. It seemed to belong to Yennda, "Once I transform, my body is unable to handle the stress and would die."

As he spoke, his body expanded further as a piece of blob enveloped Grehha. Immediately in response, a gash appeared on the blob that revealed a mouth. It clamped upon Grehha's leg and began to eat him.

"N-No!" Yarsha Zahara shouted, willing Grehha to resist. But, the latter was already unconscious. She didn't have the necessary mental strength to wake him up and make him use Internal Inertial Gravity to break free from the grasp of the fleshy hill.

"Stop it, Yennda! Don't eat up Grehha!" She roared, struggling to get up as her limbs trembled.

"Nothing's under my conscious control." Yennda replied from within the blob that infected Grehha's legs, turned them into decomposed mush, and consumed it, "This is what I have programmed them to act as ages ago."

What…are you talking about? Programmed? What do you mean by that?" Yarsha Zahara felt that something was amiss, feeling that she was unable to recognise Yennda anymore. Her expression hardened as she glared at the fleshy hill, "You…lied to me about Earth."

"No, you simply never questioned about the truly dangerous aspects of Earth." Yennda said, his words slow, almost grumping about, "It's not that you didn't bother, but you never knew that such fields existed."

"Bio war is honestly a field more expansive and terrifying than you could ever imagine. If not for the double-edged consequences of unleashing it, there are…" He stopped speaking, chuckling all of a sudden as he changed the topic, "Thank you, Yarsha. The time I spent here has honestly been the most peaceful in my life and the most fun too."

"I haven't sabotaged the products I created for your Varahan Empire, so I hope you can declare me as the creator without any misgivings." A voice of gratitude resounded from within the fleshy hill that began to break down gradually, "To my best effort, I will try my best to avoid harming the Varahan Empire."

"Why…" Yarsha Zahara frowned, her tone solemn as she got up, having recovered enough to walk and partially use her abilities. A few more seconds, and she'll be able to unleash an Eddy Blade. She observed that Grehha was no more, having been swallowed by the fleshy hill.

It had reached a height of fifty metres and encompassed two thousand square metres in area. But apart from devouring the body of Grehha, it hadn't harmed anyone else.

Grehha had died and Yennda was already in the process of dying. So, Yarsha Zahara understood that there wasn't anything she could do by this point, sighing, 'Is this what they were aiming for?'

Her concentration slipped once, for a moment in four years, which was enough for her to lose both the Mystic Paths in her control. 'I knew it was a matter of time before I let go of them, but this is too soon. There's still plenty that I wanted to do with their powers.'

As there was nothing else to do by this point, she could only sigh and ask Yennda, intending to figure out his thought process, "Why do you wish to die? You know you'll be revived by the Mammoth Clan. You said that you had a better life here than at the Mammoth Clan. So, why? Why are you killing yourself?"

"I have a daughter." A soft voice filled with hope resounded, stunning Yarsha. Considering how Yennda acted, never in a million years did she think he would have a child.

"I never thought you were the type to have kids."

"You know about the Mystic Path builds…" Yennda hesitated for a moment before saying, "I was supposed to consume her at birth to create my build. It was what I relied upon to face Brangara. I failed, and my daughter lived on."

"All the more reason to stay here," Yarsha snorted, "Hearing about it makes me feel disgusted by you…"

"I know, and the Mammoth Clan despise me to an extreme level. After all…" A haggard laugh resounded as the fleshy hill had mostly melted by now, reduced to a puddle of pungent blood, "My daughter is an Empyrean Tusk."

"I see…" She closed her eyes once and opened them, staring at Yennda with pity, "You planned to eat their Deity. That will make the Mammoth Clan treat you the same as my husband."

"It's because she's an idiot." As the fleshy hill almost melted to the ground level, it revealed a knitted head that barely resembled Yennda, "That daughter of mine…despite knowing how terrible I am, wishes to be with me."

"She…needs me. So, I'm returning home." The rest of the flesh melted, revealing a hazy figure of Yennda, extremely normal in appearance, but translucent to the sight. His hair was strange, resembling thinned-out versions of an Empyrean Tusk's trunk, numbering in the thousands.

A few seconds later, snouts resembling the Celestial Boar popped up all over his chest, arms, and legs, puffing out steam. A dozen irises floated across his eyeball that moved like tadpoles, unanimously facing Yarsha Zahara as they protruded out of the eye to stare at her.

The moment the Celestial Boar snouts appeared on his body, Yarsha Zahara grunted and glared at his hands, 'I had attached my husband's hands to him.'

"I don't know for how long, but until she no longer needs me, I wish to stay by her side." A calm voice resounded as Yennda opened his mouth to speak, his expression hesitant, terrified even, "She's…an Empyrean Tusk, you see."

"I know Brangara intends to wipe them all out. I don't care about any of the others, but please request him to spare my daughter." A string of tears cascaded down his eyes, "Otherwise, I will bring upon you a plague beyond your wildest comprehension. Please don't force that fate upon me."

"I am not worthy of happiness, but I intend to embrace it, for however little I can." He said as his figure stabilised, appearing no different from the Tangible Natures that Brangara wielded. He bowed mildly as his body began to decompose, breaking down at the fundamental level.

Since the day he revived, Yennda had been using a stopgap mechanism, using a mesh of mutated genes to form a fleshly entity that couldn't even qualify as a Pranic Beast. But now, by using the arms of the Celestial Boar as the catalyst, he stabilised on a functional form recognisable by the Sumatra Continent.

"Farwell, Yarsha," Yennda spoke, turning around as he felt an overwhelming presence land a couple hundred metres behind by, accompanied by sonic booms. He stared at the latter and chuckled, almost in terror, "It seems love trumped your hatred. You're indeed terrifying."

Pieces of Sumatra gold were stuck in his skin, followed by a bunch of Mystic Eaters desperately clutching onto him, intending to harm him. His body was riddled with injuries, but Brangara hadn't lost a body.

His eyes darted across the region and observed that both his children and grandchildren were alright. He then stared at Yarsha Zahara, relieved that she was alright.

Finally, his gaze fell upon the withering figure of Yennda, "Where's Grehha?"

"Dead." Yennda smiled.

"It seems this entire fiasco was to free the both of you." Brangara figured out the truth but was no longer mad. Rather, he sported a mild smile, "I am grateful that you haven't harmed my family."

"There's nothing to gain from harming them. They're valuable hostages to the Mammoth Clan after all." Yennda said.

"Unfortunately, this was your last chance to take them hostage." Brangara chuckled, "I gained a lot through this fight, you see. Was it worth revealing so many of your side's cards just to free the both of you?"

"Yeah, it was." Yennda laughed as he saluted, "I'll show it to you in the future, if I'm ever unfortunate enough to run into you."

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Tangible Epidemic!

"It won't be a fight next time." Brangara relaxed his hand and waved it casually, vaporising the crumbling body of Yennda, "I'll be slaughtering everyone."



Chapter 660 How The Turntables

﻿﻿A lush field of grass and shrubs grew along the cliffside of a mountain, one trailing from a plateau. A scant few Iron Grade Pranic Beasts lived amongst the shrubs, eating the leaves for sustenance.

The location of each Pranic Beast was signified by the flowers blooming across the shrubs, fertilised by the pollen caught on the fur of these beasts as they feasted upon the leaves. Depending on the influence of the Pranic Beast, the type of flower blooming across this shrub species varied.

A few shrubs had multiple colour varieties among their flowers. The petals scattered when a gentle, but firm wind flew up the cliffside, creating a picturesque scene. A gust of wind carried a stream of petals and swirled around closer to the peak, remaining airborne for a few seconds to form a large cluster.

A traveller would have taken the time to sit beside a shrub and sip tea while appreciating the imagery. For one carefree, this would have been heavenly. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case for the figure who flickered past the cliff and barged through the cluster of petals.

It was Gannala, her appearance dishevelled. With a face brimming with frustration, she jumped down the small protrusions across the cliffside and landed lithely on the ground. "Shit!"

She turned around for an instant before resuming her sprint, running at her top speed. Carried in her hand, almost torn to shreds was the figure of Blola, gasping as root tendrils stabbed into the ground and absorbed nutrients bit by bit.

"It's done, right?" Gannala shouted in a fluster, relieved immediately upon reading through Blola's recent string of memories. "Thank goodness!"

"I'll buy you some time to flee." His eyes glistened firmly as Blola jumped from her grasp and landed on the ground, "My other body's task at the Zahara Kingdom is done. So, I can unleash the strength of a 2-Life Stage Transcendent Eater."

"Kill yourself if he expresses any intention of swallowing you! Don't take any chances!" Gannala shouted as she continued to run at her top speed.

It had been less than two seconds since the exchange between her and Blola when the figure of Brangara leapt from the cliffside, his confident expression oozing determination. Half his body was severely scorched, with flames still bursting out from his flesh.

His Prana constantly healed his body, keeping up with the rate of damage. A platform appeared under his feet, serving as a surfboard as he surfed through the ground, cranking the power of Subtle Terrain Domination to improved levels.

As he jumped past the cliffside, Brangara noticed the figure of Blola taking position before the Transcendent Eater appeared. Its branches expanded rapidly to cover the region, preventing him from avoiding its grasp.

"You came at the perfect time!" Brangara grinned as he assumed Celestial Boar form and tangled with the Transcendent Eater. The two sides bit and tore into each other, with the Transcendent Eater ending up on the losing side immediately.

A large number of branches were torn off and slurped by the Celestial Boar. And at every point of contact between their bodies, blood flowed out of the Transcendent Eater and was absorbed by the Celestial Boar.

A group of branches coiled around his left arm that sported severe burns, actively being engulfed by flames and exerted strength. Carnivorous teeth latched onto the shoulder joint and violently yanked out the arm.

"Ugh!" The Celestial Boar grimaced under pain as the Transcendent Eater was extremely violent with its actions, intending to inflict as much pain as possible. Conversely, as a plant-type Pranic Beast, the Transcendent Eater was unfazed by damage.

'He's significantly stronger than before.' Brangara relied upon his Prana-detection means to sense the density of the presence emitted by the Transcendent Eater, 'He experiences such a huge leap in power merely upon entering the 2-Life Stage?'

'Even if it's a watered-down version, it's still a Transcendent Eater, huh?' Brangara thought as he tussled with the branches while his feet dug into the ground and unleashed Subtle Terrain Domination, using the ground to shred the roots apart.

He uprooted the rest and stuffed them in his mouth, grinning contently as his stomach digested it. "You can't keep this up for long!"

A mere ten seconds later, he stuffed another portion in his mouth and grinned, staring at a weak branch trembling before him. His gaze fell upon the ground, observing that it had lost all vitality, "You have already sucked all the nutrients from this region."

'So, that's its weakness. Then, the Transcendent Eater will be at its strongest in blessed lands like the Brimgan Empire.' Brangara thought as he watched the branch standing before him wither rapidly, signalling that Blola had committed suicide.

'I lost some time.' He thought in a hurry and leapt as high as possible, observing the figure of Gannala running a few kilometres away, being chased after by a group of Tangible Natures that kept track of her position.

Of course, they couldn't follow her for more than a few seconds before being left in the dust by Gannala.

The moment he landed on the ground, Brangara kicked forth as the ground acted like a spring and launched him forth, giving a kickstart to his sprint. He extended his hand and transformed into the Celestial Boar to increase the reach of his Spirit Weapon range.

The moment the Tangible Natures came within range, he absorbed them into his Astral World and condensed them on his hand once again. With a grunt, he hurled them at Gannala, intending to make them keep track of her while he focused on closing the gap between the two.

This was how he kept pace without losing her.

For every step he stomped into the ground, the earth coiled into a pressurised spring that pushed his body forth to a greater extent, making him cover longer distances with each step. Moreover, he employed Subtle Terrain Domination to increase his traction, ensuring he didn't slip on the varying, uneven terrain while running.

'She's able to achieve a similar result through Internal Inertial Gravity alone.' He thought, observing that Gannala was gradually getting faster in her pace, seeing her figure skip past the uneven ground without issues.

Moreover, her footsteps didn't leave behind any imprints, lithe to the extreme. It was in contrast to the environmental damage Brangara was doing, leaving behind large craters upon each step as the residual compressed energy from the earth springs exploded, the shockwaves of which formed craters.

'I knew there were risks involved in fighting him prematurely like this, but I didn't think he would improve to such drastic extents in a matter of minutes.' Upon seeing Brangara steadily keep pace with her, Gannala thought in worry.

It all started forty seconds ago. Orakha's attach was perfect as the ink-black substance latched onto Brangara and began to burn through him. Moreover, the substance had been created to possess a strong affinity for Brangara that it formed a stream in the air to latch onto him like a river, constantly burning him.

The effect was similar to what Virala displayed at the Brimgan Empire by using his Gold Nature Weapon of Leech, able to draw in the blood of everyone within his Sprit Weapon range.

The ink-black substance was a product of Selectively Permeable Plasma. So, it was only harmful to Brangara. Towards anyone else, it was no different from water. They could ingest it and experience effects no different from drinking water.

Orakha had created it with extreme care in mind so that only the targeted individual would be harmed by it while to all the bystanders, it was pretty much clean, purified water.

"Argh!" Brangara punched Virala while in pain from the flames. He was still engaged in a fistfight, unwilling to leave a large enough opening for his opponents to take advantage of to unleash a critical hit.

'No!' He didn't even hesitate and focused on the six Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers in his Astral World that he hadn't activated yet. But right as he was about to activate them, he stared at the two Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers that he had activated. 'Wait a second…!'

'What are my powers, exactly?'

Primary Nature—Voracious Cultivator!

Secondary Nature—Astral World!

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

He focused on his Tertiary Nature, 'Since it's a Major Treasure, why the fuck have I been using it like a Nature? Am I nothing but a gobbling pig? Fuck!'

A Major Treasure needed to be used as a Major Treasure. The moment he had that realisation, dozens of ideas popped up in his mind, allowing him to think of ways to use his powers beyond what he was doing currently.

'An out-of-the-box approach to a problem. Is this the terrifying advantage the Mystic Paths possess?' His expression soured, though he had developed ways to harness a greater extent of his infinite potential.

After all, he had listened to the tales about Mystic Paths from Yennda and referenced many insights Yarsha Zahara gained from interrogating both Yennda and Grehha. All the accumulated knowledge served as a spark of inspiration for his enlightenment.

Unfortunately for him though, that was the natural state of being for his enemies—the Mystic Paths.

They had the experience of living in another world, able to think from angles that the denizens of Sumatra would never even expect or conceive the notion of. It allowed him to understand the source of strength in possession of his enemies better.

"Whatever, I too will access the full extent of its ingenuity eventually." He grunted and vanished, stunning everyone. In his place appeared two Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers, filling up the space completely so that the dome created by the Transcendent Eater was ripped out forcefully.

Primary Nature—Voracious Cultivator!

As a Major Treasure, Brangara fused into the body of one of the two Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snapper. Immediately in response, the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature became able to harness the power of his three Natures.

It flashed its neck once and swept around, using Subtle Terrain Domination to unleash a dust storm, making it hard for the enemies to target it for a few seconds.

In the meantime, it opened its mouth and gobbled upon the second Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, using the power of Voracious Cultivator to consume it. And employing the sheer digesting prowess of the Astral World, the second Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature was used as a fuel to grow it.

Immediately in response, the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature that Brangara had fused with unleashed a flux of Prana. Its presence spiked as its second body formed, having perfectly digested the other Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature.

Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature—2-Life Stage!

'This is it! This is the proper way to use my power!' Brangara groaned at his prior foolishness, 'If I had done this at the Dralh Sea, I could have avoided wasting eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination! Fuck!'

Currently, he was acting as a Major Treasure, allowing the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature to control his power atop wielding its power of Subtle Terrain Domination. Thanks to that, it gained tremendous power.

The Tangible Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination present in Brangara's Astral World had influenced his Prana, allowing him to wield the power of Subtle Terrain Domination without activating the respective Tangible Nature.

And now, this influence permeated the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, allowing it to wield Subtle Terrain Domination. Adding to the fact that its body was stacked twice at the 2-Life Stage, the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature was currently wielding the power of three Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

This was the same as what Brangara was wielding before. But the difference was that the one using Subtle Terrain Domination now wasn't the Celestial Boar but an Empyrean Snapper, the Pranic Beast geared to use this power the best.

Immediately in response, the power Brangara could unleash climbed to a whole new level, barely losing any power even under an Inhibition Dome.

"Now, it's my time to retaliate!" Brangara roared as he split his bodies. The Empyrean Snapper relied upon its long neck to launch the second body of Brangara like a trebuchet towards the Zahara Kingdom.

Following that, it began to fight the quartet of Virala, Orakha, Blola, and finally, its main target, the Supreme Tusk's successor, Gannala.



