Chapter 471 Making a Trump Card

?"Don't be afraid," Brandal Brimgan gently hugged the body of a Free Human youth whose eyes were covered by a mask, preventing him from seeing. "You're a brave soul whose sacrifice will protect the Empire for generations to come."

He hugged the bodies of the twenty children eye-bound similarly, sighing in the end as he lifted the platform they were kneeling upon and brought it into the stomach of the golden giant. He then used psychokinesis on Virala and made his body move, all while remaining in contact with the stomach of the golden giant.

The platform was a Spirit Weapon controlled by Brandal Brimgan to ensure the eye-bound children didn't touch the golden giant and became affected by its influence.

Virala's body began to perform all sorts of actions while emitting Prana, completely controlled by Brandal Brimgan. This wasn't the first time this had happened, as displayed by the expert way in which he controlled Virala.

"Damn…you!" Virala cursed in response but was unable to stop the Prana flowing out of his Spirit Container, behaving beyond his control. He watched helplessly as his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation was unleashed instinctively.

Brandal Brimgan became aware that Virala had to achieve certain conditions before being able to turn a target into a Nature Weapon. Hence, he controlled Virala's body to make the movements while making his body emit Prana onto the targets.

As his body moved, performing all sorts of actions derived from the database of conditions Virala had done in the past, Brandal Brimgan watched in patience. Eventually, the first condition for one of the eye-bound children was satisfied manually, which caused Virala's Secondary Nature of Weaponisation to activate.

This was how Brandal Brimgan made Virala use Weaponisation without willingness. He took advantage of the instinctive way in which Natures worked and made use of the conditions necessary for Weaponisation to work.

As long as a single condition was achieved, Weaponisation would activate and collate all the conditions necessary to turn the target into a Nature Weapon. And the golden giant's influence would cause all this information to materialise outside Virala's body.

Upon absorbing it, Brandal Brimgan would then move Virala's body in the respective motions, performing the necessary actions, at the end of which, the target became a Nature Weapon.

It took four days for the first child to become a Nature Weapon. The second child became a Nature Weapon a few minutes later, followed by the third, and so on. The majority of them had similar conditions, so most of them were achieved at the same time.

As a result, once the unique conditions were being satisfied per individual, the children turned into Nature Weapons one by one. A couple of hours after the first child, all twenty had turned into Nature Weapons.

Brandal Brimgan stared at them in interest and watched Virala's Prana continue to seep into the Nature Weapons, making them ready to be equipped. The moment someone touches it, the Nature Weapon will automatically occupy one of their Nature Slots, just as how Gannala created one for Wittral.

Each Nature Weapon fell into a box prepared for them, engraved with the names of the people who were supposed to obtain them. The boxes were sealed as Brandal Brimgan split off a body and sent it away with the boxes.

That body will make the necessary arrangements for the Nature Weapons to be equipped onto the correct individuals.

"That's the last of them." Brandal Brimgan sighed in exhaustion as he sent the body away, "Now, every one of power has been equipped with two Nature Weapons."

Upon understanding the strategic value of Virala's Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, Brandal Brimgan had been busy. He made plans for the Raid Team that would be facing the Boar King, creating a network of Natures that they could equip and become more potent with.

This way, the number of people part of the Raid Team can be reduced, which meant coordination was easier. Also, the number of strategies they could enact would balloon by a hundred times, thanks to the variables presented by an extra two Natures of each member.

He didn't stop at that and strengthened the ministers and practically every Royal with power. As for the necessary Natures? The Brimgan Empire had been collecting cultivation techniques for multiple eras.

Each cultivation technique developed a specific Nature upon reaching the Body Stage. Among them, many had been developed to be compatible with Rutham, the mineral used to build the Human Avatars of the Brimgan Royalty.

This way, the Natures generated by their cultivation techniques would remain compatible with their Human Avatars. Until now, only branch families among Royalty that weren't getting enough Rutham opted for these cultivation techniques.

But to take advantage of Virala's Weaponisation, Brandal Brimgan began gathering orphans from across the Empire, especially children with decent talent. They were made to cultivate the respective techniques while fed with Elixirs and carefully nurtured over the past six years.

Once they were ready and had entered the Body Stage, Brandal Brimgan brought them to this underground cavern and transformed them into Nature Weapons. He could control Virala's body without issues, but only when the latter was in contact with the golden giant could his Secondary Nature be used.

As a result, Brandal Brimgan couldn't move him anywhere else. Moreover, only one person at a time can be placed in the golden giant's stomach. Otherwise, if the influence were to concentrate in more than one location, all individuals in contact with the golden giant would explode.

This had happened in the past. As a result, while Virala was kept here, no one else could be brought to the golden giant to have their memories extracted.

Two days later, the body of Brandal Brimgan that had been sent to the palace returned, carrying a massive container. "There are two thousand Ewworms in this."

The body walked away and returned with another container a few hours later. It continued in such a fashion until more than fifty containers were placed in the cavern. Following that, the body approached Brandal Brimgan and touched his body, merging into him.

At the Life Stage, communication between split bodies could be performed within the Spirit Weapon range, as the minds were connected. To merge the split bodies, physical contact was necessary. Hence, to recover his 10-Life Stage cultivation, Brandal Brimgan had to touch the split body with his hand and merge with it.

"It's finally here." Brandal Brimgan smiled upon inspecting the condition of the Ewworms, "To think the first transaction with the Cooter Clan would be to purchase Ewworms."

Three years ago, a certain piece of information was extracted out of Virala. It was the fact that Virala could use Weaponisation to upgrade Nature Weapons. He was first stunned because it wasn't something the Mammoth Ancestor was said to have.

But soon enough, he came to find out that Virala's Weaponisation was a Mystic Grade Nature. That made him believe the possibility. Moreover, it tied to Loot's evidence of being able to use Natures at a level of power way beyond what existed in Sumatra.

So, Brandal Brimgan was assured of this information being a fact. Another piece of information materialised a few days later, saying that to refine a Nature to the Mystic Grade, too many Pranic Beasts were necessary, which means that only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts could realistically be used, given their birth rate and population.

Upon coming across Virala's plans in regards to using a Mystic Grade Ewworm as a defensive weapon capable of shredding anything in the vicinity, Brandal Brimgan became interested. After all, due to its passive character, even if it were to be a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, it would remain subservient to him.

This meant that Brandal Brimgan could wield its power as his own, having a pet living off his body that could hide and reveal only when his life was at risk. Moreover, as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, and with Brandal Brimgan's nurturing, it would create a weapon out of Rutham, being powerful enough to one-shot even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

It would become his trump card!



Chapter 472 Mystic Nature Weapon—Worm

?This Mystic Grade Ewworm would be a trump card effective against even the Boar King. It was why Brandal Brimgan was the most interested in it.

He could have chosen to equip Mystic Grade Nature Weapons in his Nature Slots, but he knew better than to do something that foolish. The sheer influence generated by it would consume and dominate his mind.

Hence, he only equipped two Silver Grade Nature Weapons onto his Nature slots. Of them, one worked in granting his Spirit Weapon a corrosive property similar to a Centinger's power. The other existed to impose his will onto the Ewworm that would merge into his rectum later.

Over time, this would dominate the Ewworm's mind, allowing him to control it as an extension of his limb. Moreover, he planned to destroy its mind from the get-go.

Brandal Brimgan took out the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm from his pocket and stared at it with a heated gaze. He had already extracted all Nature Weapons from Virala's stomach biome, having confirmed it with the memories emitted by the latter.

In the same process as before, he equipped the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm onto an Ewworm and then brought it to the golden giant's stomach. He threw it onto Virala, causing the latter to assume Nature Weapon form, having long since figured out the method to influence his Secondary Nature into doing so.

As Virala took on his Nature Weapon form, the Ewworm fell on him, instantly absorbing him into its vacant slot. Brandal Brimgan was still able to sense Virala thanks to the Spirit Weapon seal he had placed on the latter using the combined effect of eight Minor Treasures.

He then performed a series of actions, causing the Ewworm's Primary Nature to fuse into the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm. Brandal Brimgan was of the misconception that he was making Virala do all this, when it was the latter doing everything on his own.

For the past six years, Virala had been using Brandal Brimgan to do what he wanted by selectively feeding him information. Due to the unshakable trust he had in the golden giant and the sheer value of sensitive information he had managed to extract from Virala, not for a moment did Brandal Brimgan ever suspect the latter.

Virala's acting had been consistently on point until now, never breaking character for even a moment. Moreover, he truly gave away significant information, stuff that would definitely screw him up in the future.

But he had no other choice, for only by giving out such information could he control Brandal Brimgan. Besides, considering how Gannala had obtained his everything, he wasn't in the least concerned with this information leak.

Instead, he was going for a complete overhaul.

There was no guarantee of a plan working, especially in Sumatra with so many variables at play. Hence, the moment things changed, Virala let go of all his plans and instead made the best of his situation. Getting the utmost benefits from every situation was how one could survive and excel in Sumatra.

He knew that by heart and was the one statement he repeated in his mind daily, as mental training. Otherwise, he'd be fucked without even realising why, especially since he was making a lot of mess everywhere.

The golden giant came as a surprise. But even without it, Virala would have figured out something spectacular once he managed to infiltrate the Brimgan Empire's treasury.

Now, fooling Brandal Brimgan into thinking he was the one in control, Virala used Internal Astral Cultivator to fuel the Ewworm's Primary Nature into the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm. Once the process was done, he ejected both himself and the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm out of the Ewworm.

Now lacking a Nature, the Ewworm was useless as Brandal Brimgan killed it and stored it in an empty container. He then repeated the same process as before, using Virala to refine the Gold Nature Weapon of Worm little by little, steadily watching as it continued to grow in presence.

Finally, after two years of nonstop repetition, there lay the body of an Ewworm with a Mystic Grade Nature. As it was in contact with the golden giant's stomach, its mind was almost dead, extracted of most of its information.

Only the bare minimum was left to ensure its mind was now in a state akin to a baby's. This way, it was easier to impose Brandal Brimgan's will on it once it fused with his rectum. Thereby, it would be easy to dominate it entirely.

"Hahaha, finally!" Brandal Brimgan chuckled with reddened eyes. He had already transferred all responsibilities to his son, including the title of Emperor. Moreover, he informed his retainers to never interfere with him unless absolutely necessary.

Only an Emperor had the qualifications to enter this cavern. And since he had warned everyone, especially his son, no one would come to disturb him here. This was to ensure his secret plan of raising a Mystic Grade Ewworm would never be revealed.

It wouldn't be a trump card if everyone knew it after all. Moreover, to date, he hadn't disclosed Virala's capabilities of being able to refine and upgrade Nature Weapons. If he were to say it, his retainers would immediately understand his plan considering he had brought over a hundred thousand Ewworms.

But now, they were of the assumption that he was using the Ewworms with Virala's abilities to develop something that could be useful to their Raid.

Since he didn't know how long it would take, Brandal Brimgan didn't give out a deadline. His command was to focus on retrieving the Major Treasure of Attribute and continue training until he came out of research. Until then, the Boar King's wife and family were to be spared.

"It was damn exhausting." He sighed and grabbed the Ewworm, intending to use it immediately when suddenly, Prana throughout his body began to head towards his Spirit Container, unleashing a gravitational field from there, one that began to pull his limbs towards the heart.

The sudden action surprised him when Brandal Brimgan noticed his vision spinning as a rope of hair had coiled around his leg and yanked him to the floor. 'Weaponisation!'

Right as he had the thought in realisation, Brandal Brimgan's body slammed into the golden giant's stomach, causing him to scream as information flowed out of his mind.

Dance of Annihilation!

Brandal Brimgan noticed in horror as suddenly, like pieces of puzzle assembling themselves into a unified whole, an Empyrean Tusk appeared in his mind space, dancing. It couldn't be guarded as the influence radiated directly from his mind, rapidly causing his body to deform.

"You…!" He glared at Virala, knowing that he had been played and harnessed every ounce of his strength in an effort to crush Virala's Spirit Container and put an end to everything. But shockingly, he was unable to do so, observing a layer of hair had pierced through the seal and formed a layer over the Spirit Weapon, protecting it.

It was just hair, but one that he failed to destroy. After all, though it might just be moustache hair, it had been influenced by the Major Treasure for six years. And Virala kept the most influenced portions ready to protect his Spirit Weapon right as he took action.

Had Brandal Brimgan tried it a few more times, he could have managed to crush the defences. But unfortunately for him, time was a luxury he couldn't afford. His limbs had already shrunk to half the size by now as he realised it was futile trying to crush Virala's Spirit Container.

Instead, he used psychokinesis to bring the Spirit Container stabbed into the cavern's ceiling—using which he hovered in the golden giant's stomach all along—and slammed it into Virala, shocked to see a layer of bone cover the latter.

When he shifted focus to control his Spirit Weapon, he was no longer focused on the Spirit Container Seal—it had to be controlled as a Spirit Weapon too.

And since in his current state, he was unable to perform the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch, the Spirit Container Seal remained defenceless, allowing the reinforced moustache hair to clobber and shatter it.

As that happened, Virala was able to assume his Stage 2—

Exoskeleton—form, watching the Spirit Weapon pierce through his neck and almost manage to sever through. "Ha…hahahaha."

Virala laughed nervously as he pulled out the Spirit Weapon and used his exoskeleton armour to keep his neck attached and hurriedly regenerated the region, muttering upon seeing Prana stop surging out of Brandal Brimgan, "Bastard! Even after I exercised utmost caution,"

"You almost killed me!"



Chapter 473 Goodbye, Weaponisation

?"Ha…haha…hahaha!" Virala was unable to control his nervous laughter as he collapsed onto the floor and stared at Brandal Brimgan's head, one attached to a forming Nature Weapon. Space was twisting at the spot to create it.

The latter was resisting fiercely despite Weaponisation already taking effect. Virala absorbed Prana from the surroundings, since it seeped into his body naturally. He then poured it into Brandal Brimgan after activating Weaponisation.

If it hadn't been for the golden giant's influence causing havoc in Brandal Brimgan's mind, the latter would have destroyed the twisting space and broken out already. This was despite the effect of the Dance of Annihilation being unleashed from his mind.

"You're not the top expert of Sumatra for no reason," Virala said and maintained the status quo. After all, ensuring that Brandal Brimgan wasn't dead worked in his favour too, since he could extract valuable information from him.

The Empyrean Tusk in Brandal Brimgan's mind danced while slamming large clusters of information into the tornado that had appeared in his mind. As a result, a volume of information hundreds of times that was extracted from Virala poured out of his mind every second, rapidly filling up the region with tangible information clusters.

Virala used a Bone Slip to absorb the information, rapidly having to produce more Bone Slips as they were quickly filled up.

Stage 1—Tusk!

He condensed a tusk and used it as a Bone Slip, watching a pile of tusks form beside him quickly.

The Empyrean Tusk continued to dance in Brandal Brimgan's mind. Having been hiding there for the past six years as parts of its body accumulated over the years, the pieces had scoured through the place and determined which information clusters were the most important.

These were targeted first once the Empyrean Tusk took shape. It was related to Brandal Brimgan's memories and experience in using the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch, which was another reason he was unable to use it at that moment.

The memories and experiences of whatever he used to attack Virala were targeted by the Empyrean Tusk and sent flying into the tornado. As a result, Brandal Brimgan failed to unleash his true strength and couldn't kill Virala.

But even in such a situation, in the time it took the tornado to eject the respective information out of his mind, Brandal Brimgan managed to sever most of Virala's neck. That was how dangerous the situation was.

However, it was a small price to pay for defeating the fourth strongest existence on Sumatra Continent. All of this stemmed from the fact of a lack of versatility.

Virala had the Empyrean Tusk that could move about in the mind with a sentient nature of its own while Brandal Brimgan had no idea of the existence of such an ability. Hence, he wasn't guarded against such an attack.

Moreover, Virala acted as a tortured victim for the past six years, unable to resist as valuable information was extracted from him in droves.

All these caused Brandal Brimgan to let down his guard. Most of all, he was dead tired, having pushed himself to finish the creation of the Mystic Nature Weapon of Worm—he had to actively control Virala's body for all the unleashed effects. And when it succeeded, the jubilation from success and relief from the end of the monumental task put him in his most defenceless state.

Virala targeted him at that exact time, causing the Empyrean Tusk in Brandal Brimgan's mind to unleash the effect of the Dance of Annihilation. He had made calculations towards this outcome and had been steadily feeding his target with information to manipulate his actions and exhaust him to the limit.

It was a carefully laid out plan, and even then, despite having the advantage every step of the way, he almost lost his life. Had he been a moment late in shattering the Spirit Container Seal, his head would have been on the floor now.

"Hehehe…" It took him a while to recover from the shock as Virala mechanically stored the abundant information in the Bone Slips. With the Empyrean Tusk proactively chucking information fragments in the tornado, Brandal Brimgan lost a year's worth of memories every few minutes.

Four days later, information stopped pouring out of his head. The resistance offered to the effects of Weaponisation also vanished in response. Virala observed Brandal Brimgan's head for a moment and hesitated, "If I stopped Weaponisation now, the twisting space would collapse. His body will recover to its original state."

A 10-Life Stage body that had been perfectly stacked and equipped with eight Minor Treasures. It would be damn easy to equip himself into it and wield Brandal Brimgan's power. He already had all of the latter's memories and could live as him.

So, as long as he absorbs and comprehends them all, he could live a life as Brandal Brimgan and wield the strength of Sumatra Continent's fourth strongest. "Man, what an irony."

"Just when I am about to let it all go is when such an alluring option presents itself." He sighed with a forlorn expression before chuckling, "But, such a life isn't interesting. Maybe Blola is the type who'll be content with sitting like a turtle in safety, but not me."

"I mean," He laughed, "If I just wanted to live in peace and luxury, I would have been content remaining on Earth."

He deactivated Weaponisation, watching Brandal Brimgan's body recover. He stared at it, deciding after a while, "Since Gannala has my Weaponisation, she can make use of this body. I'll consider this as my compensation to the Mammoth Clan for consuming their resources until now, and…"

He muttered softly, "for what I'm about to do next."

Virala took a seat to the side and stared at himself for one last time, "This will all be changing now."

"Let's begin!" He roared as the four Empyrean Tusks bombarded a certain section in his mind space, beginning to break through a mysterious layer that resembled glass. Once it shattered, a vast stream of information flooded his mind, "Again!"

Using the golden giant's influence, he made the four Empyrean Tusks attack the tornado and slammed it into the layer, watching it crack in response before shattering. Behind it was a volume of information, unlike anything, giving him a headache for a moment as the final portion of Mystic Bone Art revealed itself.

Virala wasn't concerned about that but instead stared at a mysterious container emanating the same presence as the Empyrean Tusks, hovering in the farthest corners, "There you are!"

It was his Mystic Path!

The Empyrean Tusks latched onto it and began to tear into it like a piece of meat, consuming it bit by bit as Virala activated Internal Astral Cultivator. The Empyrean Tusks could be controlled through his Nature of Weaponisation.

So, once that was activated, a connection was established between the Empyrean Tusks and the Nature through Prana, allowing Virala to come in contact with his Mystic Path that remained elusive until now.

He then surged the effects of Internal Astral Cultivator through this stream of Prana and used his Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk as fuel, watching the mess happening in his mind space.

Minor Treasure—Goated Moustache!

Carrying Prana filled with the effects of Internal Astral Cultivator, his moustache dug into the golden giant's stomach and absorbed its influence like crazy. In response, his Mystic Path lit up and began to accumulate his essence, drawing everything into it.

As he revved Mystic Bone Art like crazy, his stomach biome worked in overdrive and was further terraformed. Space bent as other biomes in his body dissolved and flushed into his stomach biome, following which it began to condense his genetics as a Mammoth Clansman.

"Haah!" Virala took a deep breath, nervous despite having gone through the process mentally thousands of times until now. "Now, onto the final push!"

"Refine everything!" Virala grunted as his Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache manifested in his stomach biome and was sucked into his Spirit Container by the Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk. They were then transformed into fuel that funnelled into his Mystic Path, carrying with it all his traits as a Mammoth Clansman, including Mystic Bone Art.

Its information from his mind was wiped out, sucked into the Mystic Path. By now, the four Empyrean Tusks had fused into a singular whole, massive as compared to before. It then trumpeted once before consuming his Mystic Path.

And then, Virala stared with a heated gaze, sighing at the emotional pain he was experiencing, "Goodbye, Weaponisation."

His Spirit Container—in the shape of an Empyrean Tusk—

crumbled, carrying with it his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation that was used as a fuel into the Empyrean Tusk in his mind space. And then…

Virala dropped to the peak of the Spirit Stage!



Chapter 474 Mystic Human

﻿﻿Major Treasure—Deity!

This was the true form of the golden giant, one that had been carefully created by one of the Brimgan Empire's Emperors in the past. Through the Minor Treasures embedded in its eye, the Major Treasure of Deity's effects had been converted to influence a living being too.

Virala was taking full advantage of that, using the situation to soak it up fully as he had begun burning everything as fuel using Internal Astral Cultivator.

As it was a Mystic Grade Nature, by consuming the influence from the Major Treasure, it was able to gradually use the Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache as fuel too.

As Virala's genetics as a Mammoth Clansman were consumed by the Empyrean Tusk in his mind space, the influence from the golden giant affected him rapidly.

The Empyrean Tusk unleashed powerful energy fluctuations, soaking up the influence until it reached a critical point. It tried to transform Virala into an Empyrean Tusk, but since he had already let go of every single relation as a Mammoth Clansman, it was unable to do anything to him.

It still tried to influence his Spirit Container and tried to make him enter the Body Stage and take on the form of an Empyrean Tusk once again.

But now, the golden giant's influence seeped into the Spirit Container, carried by the effects of Internal Astral Cultivator while using the Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache as the medium.

The medium was soon consumed by Internal Astral Cultivator, but by then, a route had already been created for the influence to soak up into his Spirit Container. The influence then targeted the Empyrean Tusk in the mind space, morphing its shape while dragging it to the Spirit Container.

The influence was terraforming his body, with the majority of its focus being the Empyrean Tusk. After all, Virala's biome was already fuelled into it. That was enough real estate to absorb copious amounts of influence and change in response.

There was nothing more that he could do as Virala watched the process happen as the Empyrean Tusk was steadily being dragged into his Spirit Container while the Nature Weapon of Refiner was gradually dissolving into his Spirit Container.

Roars of the Empyrean Boar King, followed by the trumpets of Gannala, Harrala, and Mahira resounded in his mind space as all sides waged war. But seeping into all was the Major Treasure of Deity's influence, affecting them all.

It held a minor advantage in this war as the effects of Weaponisation took effect in the Empyrean Tusk, transforming it into a mystical entity—an Empyrean Tusk that could unleash the effects of Mystic Bone Art.

Days turned into weeks and weeks into months. Virala did nothing but observe them while grabbing the Bone Slips. The information in them naturally flowed into his mind and slammed into the Empyrean Tusk.

The Major Treasure of Deity was created from a Brimgan Royal. Hence, it had a natural affinity to Brandal Brimgan's memories in this war of influence, using his memories as ammo. In a few months, Virala managed to absorb everything, watching as the war drew to a conclusion.

A tiny orb in the shape of an Empyrean Tusk remained in his mind space, containing the core essence of an Empyrean Tusk in the Mystic Path that couldn't be used as fuel. Everything else had been consumed to condense in his Spirit Container.

He had 100 units of Prana now as Virala watched the hundred Spirit Containers combine into a unified whole on their own and take the shape of his figure. The fact that the Spirit Container resembled his figure implied his status as a Free Human.

But if it was just to be a Free Human, Virala wouldn't have gone through so much effort and torture. Rather, he awaited with a smile, watching as right after his Spirit Container finished forming and he entered the Body Stage, a vast stream of information surged into his mind.

First of all, was his cultivation technique. Mystic Bone Art had been influenced and modified extensively, also using Yarsha Zahara's incomplete Mystic Sumatra Art as fuel. This was done by the golden giant's influence, resulting in the birth of the strongest Free Human technique.

Mystic Nature Art!

It resulted in his race becoming a Mystic Human. What if the human race could be born with a Primary Nature? What if such a race was born at the limit possible in Sumatra Continent? Virala's Mystic Human Race was the personification of that question.

It had the combined potential of not just the Free Humans, but the entire Human Race—Free Humans, Ravaged Tribes, and Clansmen.

Mystic Human could be described as a human in the truest sense, not in the slightest influenced by any external parameters. Free Humans were influenced by their Human Avatars. Ravaged Tribes were influenced by the Pranic Beast they served. Clansmen were influenced by the race they became a part of.

So, all three of them were influenced in one way or the other. But a Mystic Human was free of all influence. And that was Virala.

The Mystic Nature Art fused the Spirit Container into his heart, becoming a singular entity, allowing it to develop sentience and even act as a secondary brain. Its primary function was to allow a greater flow of Prana through the bloodstream and synchronise the body with the Spirit Container, allowing Prana to flow through the body at greater volumes, faster, experience minimal resistance, and generate minimal strain on the body.

Of course, fusing the heart and the Spirit Container was a risky move, as displayed by Inala's Prana Blood Skill. Even doing it for a short duration places a significant burden on the body. It was no different here.

But as this was a permanent move, the side effects were displayed in other forms. First of all, was the Prana capacity. The limit of Prana for humans—whether Free Humans, Ravaged Tribes, or Clansmen—is 100 Prana.

It was the same for a Mystic Human too. But this would increase next, as in the case of all humans upon entering the Body Stage. But the problem appeared in lifespan.

One Year!

Virala had one year left to live in this state. If he fails to unleash his Primary Nature before then, he'll explode.

Primary Nature—Astral Weaponiser!

By combusting everything—Four Empyrean Tusks, his Mystic Path, biome, the Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache, the Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk, the Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner, and finally, his Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation—and then causing them to be influenced by the golden giant, Virala escaped from his identity as a Mammoth Clansman and became a Mystic Human.

And the ability he gained to show for that was the Gold Grade Nature of Astral Weaponiser. It was an extremely simple ability. Using it, Virala would be able to gain the body of the target Pranic Beast.

Suppose Virala were to use it on a Centinger, he would gain its body and equip that information in his Secondary Nature slot. He could then use it on an Enrino and store its body in his Tertiary Nature slot.

But unlike Weaponisation where he could swap out Nature Weapons as he pleases in his Nature slots, once he uses Astral Weaponiser to fill up his two Nature slots, they could never be changed. He had lost his ability to make Nature Weapons and take on a Nature Weapon form.

And worst of all, he would only be able to transform into a Centinger and Enrino physically. He wouldn't be able to use their Natures. Astral Weaponiser would have been trash had it been just this.

But there was a reason he sacrificed everything to get it, since the gains far outweighed the loss.



Chapter 475 Psychotic Execution

?Yes, if he filled his Secondary Nature slot with a Centinger and his Tertiary Nature Slot with an Enrino, he could only take on their physical forms but not use their Natures. But the advantage lies in three aspects—Prana, Lifespan, and Transformation.

First of all, the Enrino had a Prana capacity of 1190 at maturity and a lifespan of 80 years. The Centinger had a Prana capacity of 3288 at maturity and a lifespan of 590. Virala's accumulation would be the summation of both.

He'll have a Prana Capacity of 4478 and a lifespan of 670 years. That was the first advantage. A sheer, physical advantage. Secondly were the transformations.

He could transform into a Centinger to varying degrees, in Stages, similar to his Empyrean Tusk form. There would be four Stages for his Centinger form. He could perform the same for the Enrino too, in four Stages.

The most frightening aspect of Astral Weaponiser is the fact that he can perform both transformations at the same time. When he does so, he'll turn into a mutant that's a functional fusion of the two.

Best of all, the Stages could vary. He could perform Stage 1 Centinger with Stage 3 Enrino, Stage 2 Centinger with Stage 1 Enrino, so on and so forth. This gave him ample versatility to deal with any situation.

By sacrificing the gain of a Nature, Virala focused on obtaining a versatile body with a robust Prana and Lifespan capacity. Astral Weaponiser implied to make the transforms practical, able to weaponise them. Hence, no matter the combination, it would be kept practical and made to work.

The above example with the Centinger and Enrino wasn't exactly powerful. But currently, Virala has the exact variables necessary to truly take advantage of this power.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Worm!

Virala grabbed it and checked it using his Primary Nature, sighing upon seeing it work, "I was confident in it working, since the core principles are the same, but thankfully, it works as I intended."

His Prana gradually seeped into the Nature Weapon and took root fully, taking a month to do so. As he only had 100 Prana, Virala had to wait for the golden giant to replenish his reserves constantly. As a result, it took him a lot longer than expected just to consume it.

Secondary Body—Mystic Ewworm!

His Prana limit instantly shot up to 8408 Prana, barely entering the territory of a Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. His lifespan increased to 10,000 years, the limit of a Mystic Grade Praic Beast.

Virala assumed his Mystic Ewworm form, transforming into a metre-long worm. It was currently in its baby form. He would have to grow it in a process similar to Pranic Beasts. Meaning, he didn't require resources such as Empyrean Tusk Bone Powder or minerals to cultivate.

Eating, shitting, and sleeping; that process would be enough. But the maturity time for a Mystic Ewworm was 168 years, as he observed through the surging information. It would take him forever to reach the peak of the Body Stage, especially since he would have to manually reach the peak of the Body Stage for both his Pranic Beasts to enter the 2-Life Stage.

So, for every new body, he would have to grow both Pranic Beast bodies to maturity. That would take forever to grow. But it wasn't an issue, since growth could be accelerated by consuming nutrient-rich resources such as Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers, just like the Boar King.

Virala began to slither across the long cavern, travelling for hundreds of kilometres, 'I'll be cutting it close.'

He had long since thought of a plan, especially after getting his second body. His priority was to get rid of the concentrated Empyrean Tusk orb in his mindspace. It would naturally be passed onto his child.

Originally, he wanted to use Weaponisation on his child and take advantage of the Mystic Path. But since he had given up on that now and instead focused on having proper Gold Grade strength, the concentrated essence of it remained.

This portion couldn't be influenced by the golden giant and converted into its free human version. And since he wanted to get rid of it anyway, why not use it to gain a powerful ally? After all, due to the power of his genes, as long as he had a child within a year, his child would be a Mystic Human too.

"Me, being a father?" Virala roared in laughter, "Such a riot! Though, that's Sumatra for you. It changes everyone."

Once he reached the end of the cavern, Virala began to dig a tiny hole through which he crawled forth. Ewworms were experts in staying hidden and moving through dirt, so he wasn't worried about being discovered, especially since he was a Mystic Ewworm.

Ewworms couldn't reach the Mystic Grade and remain with that race's characteristics. They would have evolved into another race altogether by the time they reached the Silver Grade, since their potential was limited. But since Virala refined their power, he could condense their characteristics and elevate them to the Mystic Grade.

This was already going against the natural order. Though, it was the exact same route as Inala's. After suffering a crushing loss against the latter, Virala took inspiration from Inala's progression path. And obviously, in gratitude for the teachings, he planned to give Inala an expensive gift.

There were only level months left for the Major Treasure of Attribute to show itself. So, he had to hurry.

Varahan Mansion!

It had become further fortified as compared to before. Yarsha Zahara's children had matured significantly by now, taking turns guarding the estate. All six of them were at the peak of the Body Stage, wielding their Primary Natures full-fledged, having been basking in the presence unleashed by the Boar King all along from underneath the mansion.

The presence had waned significantly by now, as it seemed the Boar King's body was about to be fully expended. The unleashed presence was just icing on the cake now, as the children weren't necessitated to absorb it anymore.

As long as they continue to cultivate, and once the Mystic Sumatra Art becomes completed to a decent extent to be called a functional cultivation technique, they'll become Clansmen. And in response, the Boar King will evolve.

Deep underground, seated in a cave was a frail Boar King, not having the strength to even move anymore. He was simply burning up his body, having enough to go for a few more months. And then, he'll vanish.

He remained in a meditative state all along, ignorant of the passage of time. Suddenly, his eyes shot open upon noticing a minuscule, almost infinitesimal disturbance in the influence he was generating, 'Hmm?'

He wasn't sure what that was, but just to be on the safer side, he gathered his remaining Prana, shaped it into a needle, and sent it stabbing underground. He remained in contact with it through psychokinesis, having made arrangements to automatically record everything he was seeing and hearing in it. 'The original body will be able to find it once he returns.'

The Boar King stared as a worm drilled into the cave and latched onto him, coiling around him to prevent him from moving. The tail stabbed into his mouth, preventing him from biting his tongue to die. That would be enough to thwart his suicide attempts in his extremely combusted state.

"This'll do," A snicker resounded from the worm as Prana seeped into the Boar King's body, rapidly filling it up before taking control, "You're extremely weak."

"Is that you, Loot?" The Boar King voiced softly, "You're the only one who dares do this to me."

"What difference does it make?" The worm transformed into Virala who continued to pour Prana into him.

"I have already combusted my Natures." The Boar King spoke nonchalantly, "There's nothing of value to be extracted from this body."

"I don't need your Natures. Your body will do." Virala grinned and finished seeping his Prana, "Without a Nature, it's damn easy to take control of your body. I barely spent forty Prana."

"Well, thanks for the grub." He grinned as the Boar King's body shrunk into an orb as Virala consumed it, watching it take up his Tertiary Nature slot.

Tertiary Body—Empyrean Boar King!

"And now," He grinned maniacally and transformed into the Boar King's human form. "Before his lingering presence on me vanishes."

Tertiary Body Stage 1—Brangara!

He dug out of the hole and walked towards the mansion, smiling upon being greeted by Yarsha Zahara and her kids.



Chapter 476 Three Things to Do

?"Are you…alright?" Yarsha Zahara asked upon seeing her husband's shrivelled form.

"Nope, but I have good news." Virala emulated the Boar King's character as best as he could. Since this body was stored underground before the Boar King changed a lot in terms of character, it was easy to act as him, since this body was closer to his version from Sumatra Chronicles.

"Good news?" Yarsha Zahara's exhausted eyes bloomed in response. After her study was destroyed by Virala, she didn't have much time to research, forced to spend most of her time protecting the Varahan Mansion.

It had been nine years since that incident, and most of Fentan City's current populace was from outsiders. But that didn't mean that people would stay still and let things slide. Since direct attacks weren't effective against her abilities, the people of Fentan City transformed Varahan Mansion into their garbage disposal site.

All their daily wastages would be gathered into a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a bin and then chucked into the estate. Once it was high enough in the air, the Spirit Weapon would retreat, causing all sorts of trash to rain down onto the estate.

The majority of the defensive efforts were now related to cleaning up the trash. But since the entire city was throwing their trash, it was hard to clean everything. And as if that wasn't enough, exclusive railways came from other cities, carrying the most special and disgusting of trash from all over the Empire to be disposed of at the Varahan Mansion.

The only way to get rid of them was to either throw them out, which wasn't possible as the people outside were overwhelming. There were more than enough hands to throw the stuff back in, rather happily at that.

Putting them in a landfill was of no use, considering the sheer volume. In the end, the only option left was to burn them all, which meant the spread of toxic fumes throughout the place.

Yarsha Zahara had her hands full dealing with all sorts of contaminants and flammable substances that were sneakily added to the garbage. They exploded from time to time and made an absolute mess of things.

And despite everything, she had to grow crops in the estate, for they wouldn't have food to eat otherwise. Yarsha Zahara worked round the clock with her kids and was damn exhausted, both mentally and physically.

If not for the fact that she calculated her husband was about to enter the 3-Life Stage, which was the minimum most cultivation necessary to face the Brimgan Empire without issues, she would have asked him to return already.

A few more months, and he would enter the 3-Life Stage. She could recall him then and finally be rid of all troubles. Having been enduring such a bleak state of being for so many years, Yarsha Zahara was happy to hear some good news, 'Finally!'

"Come here," Virala grabbed her hand and dragged her to the master room, speaking once they were alone, "I have managed to condense my essence to a critical level. Our next child will be a genius, unlike anything we've ever seen."

"More…than me?" Yarsha Zahara asked, stunned by the declaration, "Do you understand what you're saying? Someone more talented than me is impossible to be born. I'm the genetic peak."

"I thought so too, until now." Virala said and inched closer to her, "Why don't you check it for yourself in ten months?"

"Confident, are we?" Yarsha raised an eyebrow and kissed him, muttering after a minute of contact, "It has been…a decade. I forgot how it feels."

"I'll rekindle your memory." Virala grinned and did the deed with her, spending the next few days with her.

"Your presence has become…faint." Yarsha Zahara said upon seeing Virala get up from the bed.

"My time is up," Virala acted like the Boar King and clenched his hand into a fist, "I'll combust my remaining self."

"Take care," Yarsha Zahara pecked him on the forehead, "This is the last for your body."

"I'll treasure it," Virala stared at her belly in pride, "Soon, you'll understand what I'm talking about."

His gaze narrowed as he focused on the condensed orb in his mindspace, watching it shimmer in response, 'Good, it means a foetus has begun forming in her. Once the baby is born, the transfer will be complete. I'll become pure and without risks after that.'

Virala bode farewell to Yarsha Zahara's children one by one, starting with Barla, 'Screw you.'

Then Brana, 'Screw you too.'

Followed by Baga, 'Screw you very much.'

And Braga, 'You'll be screwed soon.'

Finally, Yaha, 'Screw you in the future.'

And the youngest, Hara, 'Last but not the least, screw you obviously.'

He casually walked to the pit he came out from and entered it, unable to control his laughter once he covered the top and arrived deep underground, "Bwahahahaha! I fucked the Boar King's wife and she loved every second of it!"

He then controlled himself after a minute of laughter, transformed into a worm, and drilled out in the way he came from, returning to the golden giant, intending to visit when the child is born, 'Before that, I need to do three things. First, I'll anonymously gift Brandal Brimgan's body to Gannala. Second, I'll pin the blame for everything on Inala. I can now understand why he's so terrifying. I have just trodden his information path for six years and my gains are already tremendous. He must be a monster by now. So, let him deal with the Boar King's blinding rage.'

His gaze then hardened, 'Third, I need to ensure my body at the Mammoth Clan dies.'

His current body was unaffiliated to the Mammoth Clan in the complete sense. And that also included the revival mechanism placed in Blola. This meant that in the future, as Blola beats up the Transcendent Eater's mind further and gains access to most of the information stored in it, nothing about Virala would turn up.

After all, his body's information was no longer being coded into it. He had broken out of the revival mechanism set up by Renduldu. 'But my body at the Mammoth Clan is still connected to it. There might be a mental clash if we come within 180 metres of each other.'

He didn't wish for his body and mind to be polluted by his Mammoth Clansman self. And hence, the Mammoth Clansman Virala has to die. Once he's killed, the record in the Transcendent Eater about him will be erased.

'I fear Inala too will break free of the Mammoth Clan's chains.' Virala thought once he arrived at the golden giant's stomach, feeling peaceful as he allowed his body to be influenced by it. As long as he camps here, he'll continue to become stronger. "That guy is too smart to be restricted. Who else will plot for such an outcome?"

He thought and made a list in the increasing order of likelihood, "Resha, Grehha, Blola, Orakha, and Yennda. Damn, Yennda has the third highest possibility in thinking of breaking free?"

"Then, I guess all of them will remain stuck." Virala thought as he recalled Brandal Brimgan's information, "I should use everything at his disposal to grow stronger. Since my cultivation technique has changed, I can no longer use my Skills of the past."

He sighed in response, "Guess I have to start from zero. And once the opportunity presents itself, I must put my other body as a corpse here. That way, it'll just seem like I died while Brandal Brimgan vanished."

"Okay, that'll work." Virala nodded, "If anything doesn't make sense, I'll pin the blame on the Boar King. He's the solution to everything unknown and no one dares to question him."



Chapter 477 Spirit Slip

﻿﻿Virala had eight partial transformations in total, derived from his Secondary and Tertiary bodies.

Secondary Body Stage 1—Tool!

In this partial transformation, he was able to condense a tool that gets built at the rear end of an Ewworm. At the Mystic Grade, the Ewworm was able to freely change the shape of the tool, allowing Virala to create any item he so pleased, given the tool growing on his Ewworm body had enough mass.

Secondary Body Stage 2—Tail!

In this partial transformation, Virala could grow a tail similar to the Ewworm and control it as he pleases. He could expand the tail to the maximum length of the Ewworm's body and contract it to the point it couldn't even be seen poking out of his butt. As the tip of the tail will have a tool, this partial transformation will be the most helpful.

Secondary Body Stage 3—Worm!

In this partial transformation, Virala could transform into a metre-long version of the Mystic Ewworm, thereby able to use the tiny body to hide and travel underground without leaving behind any large traces. It was perfect for stealth.

Secondary Body Stage 4—Mystic!

This was the last transformation. In this, Virala could transform into the mature version of the Mystic Ewworm. At present, his Mystic Ewworm body was akin to a newborn, hence there was no difference between his Worm and Mystic forms.

Tertiary Body Stage 1—Brangara!

This would be the most useful as a disguise, since in this partial transformation, Virala could assume the Boar King's human form. Not only would he obtain the Boar King's robust body, something that could fight an Empyrean Tusk even in human form, but he could also wield this condensed strength to run around at speeds the Boar King typically displayed.

Since the Boar King had two forms, his human form was considered as Virala's Stage 1 transformation. But in the future, even if his appearance would be that of the Boar King, his presence would be of Virala. It was because his Prana was his own.

Astral Weaponiser only granted him the body of the target and not their Prana signature or Nature. The only reason he was able to act as the Boar King at Varahan Mansion was by relying on the residue presence of the Boar King—after consuming him.

This was constantly being depleted, which was why he bolted out of the place the moment he achieved his objective and confirmed the formation of a foetus. Had he been there any longer, Yarsha Zahara would have sensed that he wasn't the real Boar King.

Tertiary Body Stage 2—Tusk!

In this partial transformation, he could wield the tusks of the Empyrean Boar King as a Spirit Weapon. Though they weren't as special as an Empyrean Tusk's tusk, they were still very tough, and able to be used as a powerful weapon.

Unfortunately, Virala no longer had Mystic Bone Art. Even if he tried his best, he was unable to remember it, for all the information about it in his mind had been used and influenced by the golden giant to create Mystic Nature Art.

Therefore, he was unable to morph the shape of this tusk.

The effects of Mystic Nature Art implied that Virala could use any of his body parts as a Spirit Weapon, thereby being able to improve his physical properties through the effects of psychokinesis. That was its advantage. For his current abilities, other than improving his body movements through psychokinesis, Virala could take advantage of Tusk and Tool partial transformations, using them as Spirit Weapons just like normal cultivators.

Mystic Nature Art had something called a Spirit Slip, an Information Slip condensed using Prana to resemble a Spirit Container. In terms of appearance, this was the same as the Spirit Container of a Free Human containing one unit of Prana.

As this is a Spirit Container of a cultivator at the Spirit Stage, it was extremely unstable, capable of shattering in a matter of seconds. Moreover, to transfer a large amount of volume, a cluster of Spirit Containers had to be condensed to form the Spirit Slip, which made them even more fragile and unstable.

As a result, information exchange was a weakness of Mystic Nature Art. Any information exchange had to be done gradually, using Spirit Slips made out of single units of Spirit Containers.

Mystic Nature Art too was a Mystic Grade cultivation technique. But it was undeveloped since Virala was the only one to possess it. This was unlike Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art which had been extremely developed over thousands of years, possessing an arsenal of Skills and Prime Skills to be used with them.

Virala had no Skill and would have to brave through the path alone. "But thankfully, I have this."

He stared at the golden giant, "I can extract the memories of others and use them as a reference to derive some Skills. This will shorten the process by a lot."

Tertiary Body Stage 3—Boar!

In this partial transformation, he could transform into a metre-

high version of the Empyrean Boar King. It didn't have the defensive strength as the original but was still tough enough for its size.Rather, with less mass weighing it down, Virala could move faster in this form.

Tertiary Body Stage 4—Empyrean!

This was the final transformation, one in which Virala could take on the form of the Empyrean Boar King in all its glory, reaching a height of two hundred metres, becoming a killing machine whose very appearance sent fear into the hearts of Empyrean Tusks.

He didn't have the Natures of both the Boar King and Mystic Ewworm, but their bodies alone were significantly useful. Moreover, he had the combined Prana and Lifespan reserves of the two, reaching a grand total of 18808 Prana—8408 for the Mystic Ewworm and 10400 for the Boar King—at maturity, and with a lifespan of twenty thousand years.

Unfortunately, only after getting it did Virala realise that the additive aspect of Astral Weaponiser had a limit—it was unable to go beyond the natural limit of Sumatra's power system. Meaning, his Prana and Lifespan couldn't exceed the limit that a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle possessed as an Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

As a result, his maximum values were now 18000 Prana and a Lifeforce of 10000 years. Had Astral Weaponiser been a Mystic Grade Nature, there was a possibility he could exceed this limit, but Virala let go of that possibility to strengthen Astral Weaponiser. His accumulations were only enough to stably develop it to the Gold Grade.

It was still an exorbitant amount, so he wasn't too concerned. Besides, this was for one body. Once Virala reaches the Life Stage and stacks more bodies, his Prana values will continue to increase to absurd amounts.

In his untransformed form, Virala had a body and mind at the natural limit of Sumatra—Expert Gold Grade. To improve his mind's processing power, he could transform into Brangara. But to exceed even beyond, he could transform into the Empyrean Boar King.

With that massive brain as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Virala would be at his mental and physical best. He also could experiment with fusing the bodies of both the Empyrean Boar King and Mystic Ewworm at varying stages to see which combination works the best for which situation.

Reaching the peak of the Body Stage required him to mature both bodies. It was eight years for the Empyrean Boar King's body and 168 years for the Mystic Ewworm, adding to a total of 176 years. The only way to shorten this duration was to consume the bodies of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, especially Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers.

"I should make preparations to head to the Gaja Enclave. But first," Virala sighed and stared at the golden giant, "I should figure out a way to bring this away with me. It's just a matter of time before Brandal Brimgan's son makes a trip here. Once he's alerted, it'll be impossible for me to bring the golden giant with me."

The golden giant was absolutely necessary as it was able to naturally influence his bodies and strengthen them functionally. This way, even when he transforms into the Empyrean Boar King, his body wouldn't collapse under its weight and wouldn't force him to maintain it by expending large volumes of Prana.

The Boar King's Natures influenced his body and maintained it to be structurally feasible, but without them, Virala could only rely on the golden giant's influence. Otherwise, he would be unable to unleash the true potential of his Empyrean Boar King body.

"Nothing's easy in this world." He muttered before laughing upon observing the condensed orb continue to shimmer brighter in his mind space, absorbing the golden giant's influence, "But that's why it's so interesting."



Chapter 478 The Mammoth Clan’s Infiltration Scheme

?Arlfarah Mansion Auction House!

With the most amount of fanfare possible, the Auction House attracted wealthy people from across the Brimgan Empire. It was because the quality of items being auctioned off this time was the best in the recent history of the Auction House.

Even Harla Brimgan, Brandal Brimgan's wife and the previous Empress of the Brimgan Empire had made an appearance. After Brandal Brimgan transferred his title as the Emperor to Bronsk Brimgan, the crown prince, she stepped down from the position too.

At present, she carried the title of Grand Minister, a position reserved only for the Emperor and Empress who had stepped down from power. Seated in the most luxurious cabin in the auction house, she observed the proceedings from the highest seat.

"Respected guests!" Arriving on the stage was Amita Brimgan, speaking under orders from Farloon Brimgan to take the chance to introduce herself to the ruling powers of the Brimgan Empire, "I, Amita Brimgan, greet everyone and welcome all to bid grandly for the priceless wares we procured for this occasion. Without further ado, let's start with the opening ware."

A cloudy platform hovered into the stage through the effects of her psychokinesis, carrying a large pot that contained a Parute Tree, "An explanation is unneeded since everyone knows what a Parute Tree is. A Raid Team affiliated with us discovered this during a mining expedition in the wilds beyond the explored territory. Luckily, it had sprouted on a boulder and was found on time. Hence, we managed to place it in this pot before it matured and brought it here."

"Bidding for this mobile Parute Tree starts at 1000 Briga, with each bid being in multiples of a hundred!" She announced as people began to raise their bids, causing its value to balloon quickly.

'Fuck!' Though her external expression was excited, internally, she was cursing in helplessness, staring at the Parute Tree, 'That's Blola!'

The raid team that discovered this Parute Tree belonged to Orakha. It was apparent that he had already contacted the Mammoth Clan, since they were close to the Brimgan Empire and would arrive in a few months.

The fact that the Mammoth Clan dispatched Blola here like this was an indicator that Raaha had made plans to gain ownership of the Major Treasure of Attribute. As a result, he used these Raid Teams to send items into the Brimgan Empire that would later help the Mammoth Clan.

Had it been limited to Blola, Amita Brimgan wouldn't have been concerned. But he was just one of the dozens of arrangements that she was able to notice.

"122,000 Briga! Going once! Going twice! Going thrice! Sold!" Amita Brimgan announced as she pointed towards the customer that had won the bid, "Congratulations to customer 48 for winning the mobile Parute Tree."

The customer at seat 48 wasn't a Royal, but a prominent businessman who controlled more than eighty Raid Teams and was a prominent supplier of Pranic Beast parts. He only had Silver Grade strength and wasn't even good at fighting, but possessed an enormous wealth at his disposal, thanks to his capabilities as a merchant.

"Our second item is a container of Spirit Moss!" Amita said next and brought in a two-metre-tall vase stuffed to the brim with Spirit Moss, "Two hundred kilograms of Spirit Moss. The starting price is 400 Briga and can be incremented by multiples of hundred."

'This too is from the Mammoth Clan,' She thought and moved on to the third item soon, 'There probably is a risk to consuming this batch of Spirit Moss. I don't have the necessary knowledge about it, but it must have been tampered with.'

"The seventh item is this Myriad Transformation Spirit Weapon, a Spirit Weapon that can be controlled through psychokinesis by up to fifty people." She announced and continued while bringing onto stage a four-metre-wide cube, "This can expand to all shapes and sizes. A vehicle, a house, a boat, a fortress, etc. Cultivators practicing multiple cultivation techniques could join hands to control this for its various formations. It takes advantage of the various techniques to boast ridiculous performance!"

A cultivation technique could control a Spirit Weapon made from the respective mineral only. Typically, it was useless to create a Spirit Weapon using multiple minerals, for it couldn't be used fully by the cultivator.

But the Spirit Weapon displayed by Amita made use of various minerals. In the boat form, the rudders were made out of a mineral whose associated cultivation technique could control Spirit Weapons slowly but boasted a significant weight limit.

As a result, it could provide ample thrust to the boat. The hull was made from a mineral boasting the power to influence water. The cultivator controlling it could generate mild effects and reduce drag to a minimum.

Strips in the hull would unleash shockwaves to kill any approaching Pranic Beast. This would be made using a suitable mineral. In this way, just for the boat, there were Spirit Weapons for a dozen cultivators to control.

Moreover, depending on the cultivators on board, the structural function of the boat could be changed accordingly. If there wasn't one to unleash shockwaves through the strips, it would instead be replaced by a mineral that worked on emitting soundwaves similar to an aquatic predator and thwarts the approach of the Pranic Beasts.

There were multiple boat variants. Similarly, there were variants for its house form, fortress form, land vehicle form, etc. It was the perfect compound Spirit Weapon for a Raid Team, versatile in its function for all sorts of terrain, and had forms useable with multiple cultivator combinations.

At its arrival, the owners of Raid Teams went into a frenzy and bid with flushed cheeks, causing its price to surpass the Parute Tree, selling for a grand sum, "130,300 Briga! Going once, twice, and thrice! Sold! Congratulations to customer 81!"

'Sheesh!' She controlled her urge to roll her eyes, sensing that hidden amidst the hundreds of Spirit Weapons was a Spirit Weapon refined using grey sand. It was the size of a needle and couldn't be sensed, sneakily hidden amidst the blind spot created between countless formations.

At the opportune time, this needle would flare up and transform this compound Spirit Weapon into one made entirely of grey sand, usable only to Maroppa after that and pronouncing the death of everyone reliant upon it.

It was very sneaky and could instantly topple the situation. As Amita had been receiving Maroppa's Prana daily, she could readily detect the Spirit Weapon made out of grey sand. Besides, with the completion of her Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Amita Brimgan's senses were extremely fine-tuned.

Her body and Spirit Container were constantly being influenced by it to evolve, making her be in tune with her surroundings upon combining with the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination. As a result, nothing within a 180-metre range of herself could escape her senses. It was why she was able to sense the actions of everyone.

Maroppa and Orakha had been selling such Spirit Weapons through the market all along. And now, they had sneaked in superior versions of the same into the auction too. The unaware Farloon Brimgan failed to realise their scheme.

Even though Amita Brimgan knew what they were up to, she couldn't stop them, for doing so might cause the Mammoth Clan to figure out that she was Inala in disguise. At present, she was in a perfect blind spot, her true identity only known to Maroppa. As for Wittral, he was completely under her control once he assumed female form.

Amita Brimgan had been busy brainwashing Wittral—Dhya—

while ensuring to not give her any opportunities to assume male form even once, having forced him to maintain it for the past nine years.

"And we arrive at our final piece tonight!" Amita Brimgan brought a hand that was sealed in a box made out of Rutham. But despite it, intense radiance was leaking out, steadily beginning to form a pillar of light above it. Pointing at it, she hollered upon seeing the expressions of shock on the faces of everyone, "As everyone had guessed by now, this is what you've never expected to come across in the auction. But here it is!"

"A Minor Treasure!" She shouted, internally suppressing her shock, 'How the fuck is he able to do this?'

The one acting as a Minor Treasure was none other than Resha. This was his plan to infiltrate the Brimgan Empire, and it was perfect. No one other than her was able to see through his disguise.

Amita Brimgan hadn't even said the starting price when a regal voice resounded in the auction house, originating from the tallest seat, putting forth a price that instantly shut up a majority of the people.

"One million Briga!"



Chapter 479 The Trap Prepared for the Boar King

﻿﻿"This is the last trap." Inala sighed upon seeing the working village before him. Walking across it, disguised as people were Empyrean Zingers, numbering in the hundreds. There weren't just the Mutated Empyrean Zingers that he had created, but also the Empyrean Zingers created by the Empyrean Zinger Queen.

"Great job!" Inala patted the head of the Empyrean Zinger Queen who snuggled into him, assumed miniature form and landed on his head. It swam through his hair and expressed refusal to leave the place, treating it as its territory.

The Empyrean Zinger Queen created a lot of Empyrean Zingers, who then assumed human form once Gannala entered their Nature Slot and unleashed the effects of her Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

As a result, they roamed their respective villages as humans, building their civilisations gradually. None of them had been established for longevity though. No, Inala had plans to create his own Kingdom in the future, but that would have to wait until he evolved.

At present, it was an unnecessary undertaking that would consume too much of his attention and resources.

The function of these villages was just one—to trap the Boar King.

There were complex Spirit Weapons stored safely in the centre of the village, ones resembling a speaker. They were created using Gannala's throat and modified a bit while taking reference from the Spirit Weapons Inala had refined at the Sanrey Plains.

The function of this speaker was simple. When the time was right, an Empyrean Zinger in human form would activate it, causing it to release the cry of a newborn Empyrean Tusk. There wouldn't just be one but a dozen of them.

Whether it be in the Sanrey Plains or the Dralh Sea, Inala had used Gannala's baby voice to lure in the Boar King. The Boar King was already aware of it being a trap the second time. But Inala still taunted the Boar King into arriving there.

But it won't work the third time, especially since the Boar King would be making a beeline towards the Brimgan Empire after sensing the presence of the Major Treasure of Attribute. Even if he were to hear a baby Empyrean Tusk's voice, he would instead prioritise heading towards the Brimgan Empire.

Not just because of the Attribute's presence but also because his family lived there. Thereby, the only way to successfully lure in the Boar King despite that was to unleash the cries of countless baby Empyrean Tusks.

Since all the cries were different, it would look like dozens of Empyrean Tusks were being birthed at the same time. Upon hearing this, the Boar King's repressed emotions would take over, causing him to rush towards the village while raging with hatred.

He would be unable to sit still while over a dozen Empyrean Tusks were born. From the start, the Empyrean Zingers in human forms that were living in the village would be able to sense his presence.

They had the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity that acted as a radar for the Boar King. While the Boar King rushes to the Brimgan Empire, there are numerous paths he could take. It was impossible to predict his route, even for Inala.

Hence, instead of leaving too much to chance and spending way more time than necessary to determine the most likely path, Inala simply brute-forced through things. He built a village along all the possible paths.

And through the cries unleashed by the speakers, the Boar King would be lured as long as he was in range. The village closest to his position would activate the speaker and lure the Boar King there.

Living in each village were around thirty to forty Mutated Empyrean Zingers in human form, acting as the adults. They were accompanied by Empyrean Zingers created by the Empyrean Zinger Queen—also in human form.

These Empyrean Zingers were the children that populated the village, crossing its number to enter the three digits. The villages were established in somewhat safer zones, but even with their strength, there was zero chance of longevity.

They would be wiped out in a year or two. But their purpose would be achieved by then, which was what Inala was going for.

From the outside, the village seemed normal, occupying a region spanning a kilometre or two in radius. But, it existed atop a pitfall. There was a Prana Bomb layer underneath that acted as the foundation atop which a layer of soil had been poured and a village was constructed.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Tunnel!

The pitfall was created using the effects of the Mystic Grade Nature of Drifting Tunnel. As a result, a powerful force of gravity moved through it, causing anyone who falls into it to continue falling at speeds beyond their grasping capability.

The pitfall was a straight line for three kilometres, following which it transformed into a helix and travelled for a depth of seven more kilometres, at the end of which it formed a hoop. The gravity has been strengthened by Gannala's use of both Internal Inertial Gravity and Drifting Tunnel, resulting in such a functional trap.

Once the Boar King falls through it, he would quickly be brought into the hoop where he would continue to circle around forever. But to his senses, it would seem like he was falling infinitely.

After all, plans had been made to ensure the helical tunnel would close up, cutting off contact with the hoop once the Boar King fell into the hoop. Moreover, the helical tunnel would begin closing up, followed by the cylindrical tunnel, ending up trapping the Boar King at a depth of ten kilometres.

There would no longer be a path leading to the surface. The Boar King would be trapped in the hoop, continuing to fall endlessly.

Moreover, to ensure he doesn't manage to reach the tunnel walls at the start, Asaeya layered it with needles—Spirit Weapons created using her Tertiary Nature of Kinesis Rupture Deity.

They had been refined to the extent they could actually prick the Boar King, which was more than enough to infuse all the sensation of pain stored in them into him. The sheer transfer of pain would cause the Boar King to reflexively retract his body part that came in contact with the tunnel wall, following which the gravity in the tunnel would bring him downward.

This way, there were enough of these needles—filled with the sensation of turbid pain—for him to go around as he continued to fall. The highlight was at the hoop where a stream of water circulated through the hoop.

At first glance, it seemed like water, but in truth was a concentrated essence extracted from a Millinger's use of Bone-

Melting Artillery.

Inala used the combined powers of Gannala and Asaeya to capture a Millinger, following which Gannala took root in its Tertiary Nature slot and began to influence it. And then, the Millinger produced the fluid that revolved in the hoop.

The moment the Boar King plunges into it, this corrosive fluid would begin to eat into his body. It would give him endless trouble, as he not only had to worry about regaining his balance but would also have to protect himself from the corrosive fluid.

The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity and Drifting Tunnel ensured that even if the Boar King splashed the corrosive fluid onto the walls in an effort to corrode them, the splashed fluid wouldn't even travel halfway towards the wall before it would return to the centre of the tunnel, continuing its motion in the hoop.

Obviously, the walls of the hoop were layered by needles too. These needles contained the pain of a needle piercing one's eyeball. Asaeya had tortured herself a lot to accumulate the pain necessary for filling up all these needles, proving that at the end of the day, she was Inala's disciple.

Once caught in the trap, it would take a long time for the Boar King to escape. And obviously, through the layer of earth spanning ten kilometres, there were more traps waiting for him.



Chapter 480 Inala’s Ready

?The villagers would behave as Mammoth Clansmen. That way, they'll be able to fool the Boar King the best. And obviously, thanks to the influence of the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, most of Inala's Empyrean Zingers tethered on the verge of insanity, barely able to keep themselves in check.

He made them act as they pleased, which meant they lived and behaved like Empyrean Tusks, obviously using the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity to do their things. When the Boar King observes them from afar, he will notice their actions.

Seeing them use Internal Inertial Gravity on such a large scale would further reinforce the idea of the babies born in the village being Empyrean Tusks. He would assume this village to have formed after the Mammoth Clansmen from some of the Empyrean Tusks he had killed escaped.

This group later formed the village and has been living there in hiding ever since. And over the years, some Empyrean Tusks were born too. But fearing the Boar King, they remained in human form for all their lives, continuing in such a fashion.

That resulted in the current village, which was very realistic once anyone thought about it, which was why Inala had created it as such. When something looks and seems real, it is bound to be considered real.

Lured in by the cries, the Boar King would land in the village, watching the villagers scurry into their defensive fort in response, intending to fight him. Upon observing their actions, he would conclude there to be no traps and enter the fort, watching the villages take advantage of Internal Inertial Gravity to flicker into a flight of stairs leading underground at tremendous speeds.

There would also be villagers without Internal Inertial Gravity. Depending on the situation, either the Boar King kills them with a swat of his hand or ignores them altogether to chase after the villagers with Internal Inertial Gravity.

The moment he enters the flight of stairs, the hundreds of Gravity Bombs placed there by the Mutated Empyrean Zingers would go off, destroying the village and causing the platform supporting it to cave in. The Boar King would be caught in the explosion and be sent flying into the tunnel, after which the trap would fully be in effect.

Any Empyrean Zinger that had managed to survive the explosion would be killed the moment it entered the hoop and came into contact with the corrosive fluid anyway, so there were no problems associated with the trap.

Inala dusted his hands, having completed the last of over a dozen villages, "This should be enough to keep the Boar King away long enough."

Chirping nonstop on his head was the Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen that he had brought from the Dieng Canyon. It was fighting the two Mutated Empyrean Zinger Kings that had occupied spots on his shoulders, preventing them from occupying the region on Inala's head.

When Inala arrived at the Dieng Canyon, he observed that his Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen had already become its ruler, hailed as one by the three Zinger Queens that ruled the region. Since she was a superior variant of them, she was treated with respect.

Following that, the Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen used Gannala's Lifeforce to birth three Empyrean Zinger Queens as successors to the three Zinger Queens. Their existence would eventually elevate the strength of the Dieng Canyon to a whole other level, improving the Zinger Race from the Iron Grade to the Silver Grade.

Moreover, unlike the regular Zingers that were split in the Iron Grade depending on whether they were a Scout, Captain, Commander, or King, all Empyrean Zingers were at the Beginner Silver Grade, whether they be a Scout, Captain, Commander, or King. There wasn't much of a difference in Prana. It simply varied from the lower limit of Beginner Silver to the upper limit of Beginner Silver from Scout to King.

The sizes of the bodies and potency of their Primary Nature varied though. But at the end of the day, even an Empyrean Zinger Scout was a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

The Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen then used Gannala's Prana to birth a batch of Empyrean Zinger Kings that would protect the rulers of the Dieng Canyon.

Thanks to Inala, Gannala managed to recover her loss in Lifeforce and damage sustained to her Spirit Container during the above process. Now that there were three Empyrean Zinger Queens and a group of Empyrean Zinger Kings to protect them, Inala was assured that the Dieng Canyon would develop on its own.

Leaving behind an ultimatum that he'll strengthen the Zinger Race further in the future, Inala brought his Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen and made his way to the Sanrey Plains, collected the Quip Tribe and Mutated Empyrean Zingers from there, and then made his way to the Dralh Sea.

After collecting the Quip Tribe developing there, he began to set up the traps. And now, everything that he had planned to do was completed. His preparations were done. "All that's left to do is wait for Attribute to show itself."

Currently, Inala's stomach biome was massive, giving him endless stress that he could only endure by relying upon a constant influx of Prana and Lifeforce. Living there was a population of Quip Tribe numbering twenty thousand, alongside thousand two hundred Mutated Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms.

After he gathered them all in his stomach biome, Inala asked them to produce as many offspring as possible. He actively influenced them while also creating a Quip Tribe through the Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen.

These three were birthed using the Boar King's Prana and Lifeforce. Hence, not only were they special, but could also handle the burden and result in Inala's evolutionary success.

Inala extracted the Spirit Containers of Empyrean Zingers birthed by his Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen, using which he created Spirit Containers in the hearts of Quip Tribesmen from the Dralh Sea.

And then, he supported their growth, watching them mutate quickly upon reaching the Body Stage, thanks to living in an extreme state for so many years.

With that, there were both regular Quip Tribesmen and Mutated Quip Tribesmen. As these tribesmen had kids, the offspring had a significant concentration of Empyrean Zinger genetics.

As they did this in his stomach biome, Inala was constantly seeping the influence of his Primary Nature of Royalty in them all. Rather, the Prana and Lifeforce he absorbed were influenced by his Primary Nature before being brought into the stomach biome.

The very air in the stomach biome contained traces of Prana and Lifeforce. As a result, it allowed the Quip Tribe to evolve and be influenced by the passage of every single day. The excess Lifeforce urged them to have more babies, causing the population to boom.

These newborn babies lived and breathed Inala's Prana, attuned to living in such an environment. Their blood had evolved to carry oxygen with traces of Inala's Prana and Lifeforce, one that was accepted by even their Spirit Containers.

Now, Inala was ready. The moment he obtains the Major Treasure of Attribute and causes his Prana to be attributed to the effects of his Primary Nature, a powerful change will erupt in his stomach biome, causing dozens of Quip Tribesmen to enter the 2-Life Stage, especially part of the younger generation that had been living in his stomach biome for the past four to five years—after being born there.

'Once I fuse with my female body, our combined accumulations would successfully summon a Bolt of Transcendence. With that, I'll attain my desired power.' Inala thought and approached Gannala, asking in concern upon seeing her scratching self, "Your rashes have gotten worse."



