Chapter 361 Prime Skill—Virala!

'That doesn't seem like a coincidence.' Virala thought as he observed the Prana Bomb getting blocked by Raaha. He was hidden in the safety of his house, surrounded by bone walls, all while he didn't emit any Prana.

But despite that, the Boar King targeted him. Had it just been a casual throw, the Boar King would have hurled the Prana Bomb without much thought and targeted the caravan. But no, that didn't seem to be the case.

Virala had pretty good eyesight, as he had the power of an Empyrean Tusk. As a result, even when the Boar King was twelve kilometres away, he was able to make out the latter's expression, concluding that the Boar King's aim was fixed on the house he was on.

Based on the trajectory, the Prana Bomb made a beeline towards his room, exactly towards the spot he was seated upon. That couldn't be a coincidence. 'Just in case, I should take precautions.'

Equipping two Silver Nature Weapons of Leech, Virala prepared himself.

He left his room and entered the room adjacent to his in the two-storey house, seeing a Mammoth Clansman there. He was trembling at the moment, flustered by the Boar King's appearance.

"Alright, time to do your thing." Virala patted the latter's shoulder as he took on his Nature Weapon form and entered the latter's body.

Prime Skill—Virala!

The Mammoth Clansman's eyes turned dull, having lost his original identity. His head drooped low as he was in a daze. All memories in his mind were getting erased in real-time, and replacing them were Virala's memories—crafted and curated by Virala.

While the Boar King began to release his presence in a circle, the Mammoth Clansman collapsed to the floor. The bones in his body turned soft for a moment before changing shape slowly. At the same time, his muscles convulsed in response, realigning themselves to the changing skeletal structure.

A couple minutes later, the Mammoth Clansman's body had morphed to resemble Virala's. The process didn't end here as copious amounts of Virala's Prana seeped into the Mammoth Clansman's Spirit Container, influencing it too.

Soon, it actually began to radiate the same presence as Virala.

The Mammoth Clansman's eyes shot open, now fully modelled after Virala in both body and mind, also possessing the memories of the latter—except for sensitive information that Virala withheld.

The Mammoth Clansman got up and entered Virala's room, finding the Nature Weapon of Shock—containing the Shock Lizard's Primary Nature of Prana Shock—and equipped it to his Tertiary Nature slot.

Now, all preparations were done.

Virala's plans always revolved around manipulating people. Therefore, the day he obtained the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, Virala began to experiment with it to explore its potential.

Weaponisation was obtained when Virala comprehended the Mammoth Clan's children's book, left behind by the Mammoth Ancestor. Granny Oyo gained inspiration from the same book and created the Primary Extortion Skill, a Skill that allowed the user to steal the target's Primary Nature.

Using it, Ruvva stole Virala's Primary Nature, despite the latter possessing a Secondary Nature. Primary Extortion Skill was able to selectively extract the Primary Nature alone from its target.

Hence, even after obtaining the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, Virala continued to study the children's book, gaining inspiration for the creation of a lot of Skills.

One of these was the Prime Skill of Virala, one unleashed by equipping the Nature Weapons of Leech in his Primary and Tertiary Nature slots. Once he activates it, the Prime Skill would employ Mystic Bone Art into the target and control their body, gradually morphing it.

The Decaleech's power would make things easier and infuse Virala's presence into the target's blood, which would eventually be transmitted into the Spirit Container and change it inherently. Since it changed the target into Virala, the Prime Skill was named as such.

It had restrictions in that it could only be used on Mammoth Clansmen, with the success rate being the highest for those from the same Settlement. Moreover, preparatory work had to be done in advance, similar to the Primary Extortion Skill.

Virala had been drugging this Mammoth Clansman for a few years already, all in preparation for the time when he obtained a Nature Weapon with the Decaleech's power. It wasn't just this Mammoth Clansman. Virala had done the same to about ten people, as it was better to be cautious than not.

If after years of effort, the Mammoth Clansman were to die to a Pranic Beast, Virala could only blame his stupidity. Hence, he targeted multiple suitable men and kept them ready to be affected by the Prime Skill of Virala.

The Mammoth Clansman had fused with a Shock Lizard and had the Primary Nature of Prana Shock. Now, he had the same Nature as his Tertiary Nature thanks to Virala equipping the Nature Weapon of Shock in the respective slot.

The Mammoth Clansman wore Virala's clothes, following which he was in a daze. A fist-sized orb fell out of his body and rolled to the corner. Prana gushed out of it and carried in a Spirit Weapon, one shaped like a skateboard with a socket meant to hold the orb in place.

The orb was Virala in his Nature Weapon form. After taking root in the socket, the skateboard moved and left the room.

Immediately after, the Mammoth Clansman—disguised as Virala—got up and looked around. His expression became weasel-like as he exited the house and gathered alongside the rest of the Clansmen from his Settlement, beginning to face the Pranic Beasts.

In his memories, there didn't exist the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. Instead, the fabricated memories contained details regarding his Tertiary Nature of Prana Shock. By activating the two Natures simultaneously, he unleashed power vastly superior to those that had fused with a Shock Lizard.

Virala—in his Nature Weapon form—strolled around on his skateboard and touched the foot of the 104th Empyrean Tusk, seeping into its body to occupy its Secondary Nature slot. Equipped with two Decaleech Natures, even if he were to influence it, the 104th Empyrean Tusk would remain unaware.

And now, using its senses, he observed the Boar King, realising, 'His target is me. He's observing my fight.'

'I should remain here for the time being.' Virala thought and began to think of his subsequent actions, trying to guess the fate of the individual moving about as him.

Why was the Boar King looking for him? How did he sense Virala? What was his objective? And finally, why was he acting different from usual, employing other Pranic Beasts when he always moved alone?

Virala had a lot to consider as he observed, trying to make sense of the situation.

At the 2-Life Stage, the cultivator grew two bodies and could either stack them or move about as two individuals. But, once moved beyond their Spirit Weapon range, their mind no longer remains connected.

That means the thoughts of one body wouldn't be relayed to the other. Only when they were within the Spirit Weapon range would the connection be reestablished.

Since Virala's other body was far away, the two bodies couldn't know what happened to each other. Hence, both bodies had to make deductions of the situation from scratch.

As the Mammoth Clan faced the horde of Pranic Beasts whose threat level had become no different from a Minor Crisis, Virala became nervous once the observing Boar King began to move, 'He's coming!'



Chapter 362 You’re First

'All he has done is stack two Prana Shocks and use them to fight.' The Boar King thought as he stared at the fake figure of Virala, 'Is he that confident? Or is there another reason?'

"Look at me here, worrying about a trap." The Boar King chuckled as he shook his head in disbelief, "Since when was I worried about such minor things?"

"I should just ram through things like usual." The Boar King made up his mind as he gobbled a bunch of Pranic Beasts until his belly was full—in his Pranic Beast form.

The Mammoth Clan was busy defending against the swarm of Pranic Beasts, hence not having enough strength to face the Boar King.

As the Empyrean Boar King approached them, the Empyrean Tusks shot shockwaves, having been ready all along. A blast of air slammed into the ground as the Empyrean Boar King evaded it, for a moment frowning as it stared at the crater, 'Why is it so weak?'

Its figure swerved around the approaching shockwaves and noticed that the attacks were way weaker than what it had faced in the past. After dodging the attacks for a couple of minutes, the Boar King reverted to his human form, having finished digesting everything in his stomach by then.

Though slower and weaker in his human form, as it was small, the Boar King had an easier time dodging attacks. He casually grabbed a nearby Pranic Beast and stuffed it in his mouth, digesting it as he evaded the attacks, 'I have enough Prana to go in for a single round of attacks.'

Seeing the horde of Pranic Beasts getting eradicated quicker than he had expected, the Boar King took action, intending to finish his attack before the horde gets wiped out, unwilling to be left alone amid 104 Empyrean Tusks.

He would be forced to use multiple Internal Inertial Gravity to break out of the encirclement if he were to get trapped.

As he continued to run towards the Empyrean Tusk herd, the environment began to change, causing the ground to resemble sand, making it hard to get enough grip to move forward. As a result, his speed slowed down.

Layering atop the sand was water, hindering his movements, further slowing down the Boar King. And finally, intense winds blew his way, intending to stop him before he reached the Mammoth Clan.

"As troublesome as always." The Boar King glared at the figure of Raaha as he activated the Rockatrice's Primary Nature.

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

A large pillar of rock jutted out of the ground and exerted its presence, breaking the flow of Raaha's Prana. The changing terrain was disrupted, causing its effectiveness to drop as the Boar King's speed spiked in response.

Landing on the peak of the pillar, the Boar King leapt forward, creating another rock pillar at his landing location. This way, he only had to face resistance from the fierce winds blowing his way.

Astral Chart—Prana Shock X6!

The Boar King unleashed a ripple of Prana to disorient the Empyrean Tusks' attacks, following which he made the final leap to close in on an Empyrean Tusk. The space between the two transformed into the depths of an ocean, making it hard for the Boar King to close the gap.

In response, the Boar King condensed the ripples of Prana Shock and unleashed it in the form of a beam to poke a hole through the layer of water. He landed on the head of the 48th Empyrean Tusk and grinned, "Miss me?"

He placed his hand on the Empyrean Tusk's forehead and unleashed a powerful ripple across its exoskeleton, watching blood spurt out of its ears in response.

Astral Chart—Bloody Affection X2!

The spurting blood flowed into his mouth as the Boar King began to digest it, recovering his Prana faster than his expenditure. A shadow loomed over him as the trunk of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk whipped towards him.

The Boar King grinned in response as he swerved to the bottom of the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tusk, using it as a shield to tank against the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's trunk lash. The two Empyrean Tusks groaned after attacking each other as the Boar King grabbed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's trunk and transmitted powerful shockwaves up its body, causing it to stumble back in response.

The ground rumbled as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk collapsed, raising a dust cloud. As it formed, the Boar King leaped into the dust cloud and used it to cover his tracks. He targeted the 44th Empyrean Tusk's knees and caused it to buckle in response.

A couple of seconds later, the 44th Empyrean Tusk collapsed on the ground and raised another dust cloud. Two more Empyrean Tusks fell following that, creating a blockage between the stronger and weaker Empyrean Tusks.

Breaking through the sound barrier, the Boar King leapt out of the dust cloud that had grown large enough to mask the bodies of even Empyrean Tusks. He made a beeline towards the rear end of the herd and noticed the presence of Harrala, "Ah, the successor of the Empyrean Tusk that killed me."

"Harrala, was it?" The Boar King revealed a gluttonous smile, as he would easily obtain another Internal Inertial Gravity by swallowing Harrala, who was a mere child.

"Stop!" There was a grunt, following which the Boar King noticed his speed slow down alarmingly, tugged by a powerful force of gravity. Soon, there was the figure of Resha hovering above him, following which a hammer slammed into him.

The Boar King turned around promptly and extended his index finger, unleashing three ripples right as the hammer came into contact with him. He was able to naturally unleash ripples in the hammer's resonant frequency, a result of which it shattered upon contact.

As the head of the hammer shattered into pieces, the Boar King stared at the figure of Resha, opened his mouth, and bellowed, "Wraaah!"

Shockwaves blasted out of his mouth and sent Resha flying. But a moment later, locking onto his body with External Inertial Gravity, Resha charged towards him like an object retracted by an elastic string.

'Indeed, this ability of his is annoying.' The Boar King thought and gathered Prana at his mouth. As Resha made preparations to defend against another shockwave, he spat out a Mud Ball.

Astral Chart—Mud Ball X4!

Resha was transformed into a sculpture of mud as the Boar King slammed a shockwave into it and sent it hurling far away.

His figure then landed on the head of the 102nd Empyrean Tusk, following which a rocky pillar encircled its neck like a choker, unleashing the effects of Rocky Intimidation that rattled its mind. The Boar King slapped its head from the side by layering six shockwaves on his palm, sending it too reeling into the ground.

And through the wounds formed on its body, blood gushed out in a torrent and flowed into the Boar King's mouth, who swallowed it and clicked his tongue, "As I thought."

He stared at the Empyrean Tusk herd and commented, "The lot of you are weakened for some reason."

"It's perfect for me." The Boar King grinned as he landed on another Empyrean Tusk, evaded a bunch of attacks, and sucked in its blood too, "It's very dilute, not as tasty as usual."

His figure landed on the 104th Empyrean Tusk, using it as a cover to avoid projectile attacks from the stronger Empyrean Tusks as he leaped towards Harrala, watching a Rockatrice appear before it and launch a series of punches at him. Blades of light formed amidst them and targeted him, causing him to think, 'That's the Silver Mystic Tentacle's power.'

He stared at Yahard Tusk and grinned, scaring the latter, "I'll eat you shortly. But first,"

A rocky pillar jutted out of the ground as he landed on it and changed direction, taking on his Pranic Beast form to break through the sound barrier and gobble a bunch of Mammoth Clansmen, one of whom was the fake Virala, "You're first."



Chapter 363 Your End Is Here, Boar King!

Shockwaves coursed through the Empyrean Boar King's mouth and segregated the figure of fake Virala from the rest. The rest were crushed into paste instantly and found their place in its stomach while Prana surged into the fake Virala, keeping the latter constricted through shockwaves.

'If he dies, then it's his fault.' Without hesitation, the Empyrean Boar King chomped on the fake Virala hard, consuming the latter. It then observed through its Primary Nature of Voracious Nature that it didn't get any Nature from the fake Virala.

In a moment, it understood the reason, for the fake Virala had two Natures. But upon seeing what the Natures were, it knew it had been fooled once again, 'They are merely two Natures of Prana Shock. He fooled me again. But this time, I'm closer.'

The Empyrean Boar King was able to note down the fact that Loot was able to equip others with a second Nature of his choice, considering how he deliberately equipped the fake Virala with the same Nature as his Primary Nature.

Three Life Bombs—given by Inala—spun before it as the Empyrean Boar King tried to detect traces of Virala, grinding its teeth in anger upon being unable to detect him anymore. But right at this moment, without its realisation, blood gushed out of its being, forcibly extracted by the 104th Empyrean Tusk who appeared overhead and stomped with its legs.

"What…?" The Empyrean Boar King was stunned, feeling weak when it tried to use Prana, as it lost a considerable sum through its stolen blood. The potency of this ability was on par with what it used against the Empyrean Tusks, capable of being unleashed only after two Natures of Bloody Affection were stacked upon each other and activated.

As a result, the Empyrean Boar King was unable to gather enough strength on time, getting stomped into the ground by the 104th Empyrean Tusk that used all its weight, raising its density to the limit permitted by its Prana reserves.

Boom!

The ground quaked under the impact. But right as the foot of the 104th Empyrean Tusk made contact with its body, the Empyrean Boar King took on his human form, obtaining some moving space as he evaded the blow at the last moment.

But right as he swerved to the side, an intense force of gravity enveloped him, constricting him to the spot. He felt heavy, unable to move when a thick layer of earth, solidified from lava formed around his body, from below the neck, fully restricting his movements.

The Boar King was stunned, 'Fuck! I fell into their trap!'

His eyes widened in shock as he stared to his left to see the figure of Raaha that had sneaked up on him at some point in time, condensing a sword of plasma that held a voracious amount of Prana, created to be a weapon capable of killing the Boar King.

Raaha had used all his Prana on this one attack, having been charging it up all along. Followed by a grunt, he thrust it forward, aiming straight for the Boar King's heart.

At the same time, attacking from the Boar King's right was the figure of Resha, having transformed into a humanoid titan with its hand shaped into a nail-like hammer, with its sharp tip aimed at the Boar King's head. It was heavy, its density raised to dozens of tonnes, concentrating the weight of all the biomes in its body and the body's mass into the tip.

If the attack makes contact, even the Boar King's head would splatter. Raaha aimed for his heart while Resha aimed for his head. With his body constricted to the spot, the Boar King was unable to free himself and move fast enough to evade the attack.

Death!

This was the first time the Boar King felt death creep upon him after he became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Seeing the two attacks approach him, inching closer, his perception stretched itself to the limit to make him perceive time as slowly as possible.

Three metres, two metres, one metre…right as the plasma sword and the bone hammer nail made contact with the respective targeted spot on his body, the Boar King sighed, 'It has come to this point, huh?'

'Take pride in forcing me to such a state.' He closed his eyes for an instant and opened them, his gaze morphing, no longer caring about holding back.

Astral Chart—Subtle Terrain Dominance X2!

As the plasma sword touched his chest, it crumbled and dispersed like a stream of water coming across an iron nail, releasing an explosive discharge of heat and light that were directed at Raaha.

When the iron hammer nail touched his right cheek, it crumbled into dust, following which it rippled and slammed into Resha. The ripple wasn't a shockwave but him exerting his dominance within the region enveloped in his Spirit Weapon range.

The hands of the titan figure Resha had transformed into were within range and crumbled into dust, also reducing the front portion of his chest into a similar state of dust.

Boom!

In an instant, the situation had been reversed as the bindings on the Boar King came undone, turning into his Spirit Weapon as they targeted the two individuals who had attacked him.

"Heuk!" Raaha wasn't blown away like Resha. Instead, he closed in on the Boar King again, shrinking the remainder of the plasma sword into a plasma knife and thrusting it into the Boar King's neck. "Die!"

"Argh!" The Boar King grunted as even though he began to take control of the plasma knife, a small portion of it remained within Raaha's control that turned into a needle and stabbed into his throat. The intense heat began to melt his throat when suddenly, all the heat blasted into Raaha's face.

'I almost failed!' The Boar King thought as he ejected all the heat from his throat, surged Prana into the region and began to heal it. All the heat from the plasma sword that he had taken control of was transformed into a vortex of fire that slammed into Raaha and finally managed to send him reeling away, successfully injuring him.

'This Empyrean Tusk was the one that stole my blood and created that precarious situation.' The Boar King focused all his attention on the 104th Empyrean Tusk. Pressed for time since he had activated two Natures of an Empyrean Snapper, the Boar King's figure shot towards the 104th Empyrean Tusk and landed on its stomach.

Brrrr!

Like a drill, he forged a tunnel into its body within a second, reaching its heart to sense powerful pulses of Prana, 'Is this the cause? I'll know once I consume it anyway!'

Internal Inertial Gravity of the 104th Empyrean Tusk slammed into him from all sides but was tanked by the rotating cocoon of air protecting him. It drilled through the Empyrean Tusk muscles and exploded, creating enough room for the Boar King to assume his Pranic Beast form.

The eyes of the Empyrean Boar King shot to the side, observing in slow motion as its mouth swallowed the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart. A tiny orb, fist-sized seeped out of the heart and moved away, evading the fate of being swallowed by the Empyrean Boar King.

'Is that your true form, Loot?' As the Empyrean Boar King thought, it swallowed the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart, resulting in the latter's death.

The orb transformed into a humanoid individual, his appearance unknown, covered from head to toe by an exoskeleton armour similar to Empyrean Tusks. His eyes glowed with a ghostly presence as the blood in the surroundings moved towards the Boar King in response, coiling around him like snakes.

Even the blood within the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart—that was now in his stomach—moved in response, attacking him from the inside.

The Empyrean Boar King's air drill caused him to drill through the muscles of the 104th Empyrean Tusk and emerge from the opposite side, in a momentary daze as he was attacked both internally and externally. Moreover, a large quantity of his blood was sucked out by the armoured figure, sending him into an extreme state of anaemia.

[Your end is here, Boar King!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk bellowed as it revolved in the air like a Beyblade, having assumed its battle state. Its trunk lashed forth like a whip, sporting a bulge at the end to resemble a mace, having transferred all its weight to the region and making it even denser through Internal Inertial Gravity.

The trunk approached the dazed Empyrean Boar King and slammed into it dead on, the impact so powerful just its shockwaves alone ruptured the crust of the region where the battle took place.

[Die!]



Chapter 364 Two Plaguing Choices

[Die!]

As the mace-like trunk of the 1st Empyrean Tusk slammed into it, the Empyrean Boar King was unable to defend on time, due to its anaemic state. In a desperate attempt, it manipulated the air in its surroundings to move its position, causing the impact to not be dead-on.

The mace-like trunk made contact at an angle, hence unable to deliver the entirety of the might contained in it. The Empyrean Boar King revved its two Subtle Terrain Domination Natures to the limit, spitting out blood as it was critically injured by the attack.

[No! Come back!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk realised its mistake a moment later after it gave its all in that attack. Due to the angle at which its mace-like trunk slammed into the Empyrean Boar King, the latter was sent flying far away from the Mammoth Clan.

Whether it was the Empyrean Tusks or Mammoth Clansmen, they all could sense that the Boar King was out of Prana. As a result, all the Natures that it had been using were deactivated, making it the best situation to kill it.

But the blow was too powerful as the Empyrean Boar King's body continued to fly away, like a baseball hit beyond bounds.

[Chase him! Raaha! Kill him!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk shouted when suddenly, its eyes dulled as its trunk exploded into bits and pieces, having borne the brunt of the Boar King's retaliation. A portion of its face too crumbled, causing it to collapse.

Thud! Boom! Thud!

Dozens of Empyrean Tusks collapsed one after another, exhausted beyond limit while also sustaining grievous injuries. The exhaustion of eight Empyrean Tusks had reached such critical levels that their Internal Inertial Gravity flickered before being deactivated.

Immediately in response, their bodies began crumbling.

Lying in a pool of his own blood was Raaha, still at the 10-Life Stage but all his bodies were severely wounded. When the Boar King retaliated, he swapped through his bodies in a flurry, using them to tank through the attacks in such a way none of his bodies died. That was the only way to minimise his losses, because he intended to attack once again.

Unfortunately, the Boar King took advantage of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's attack to be sent flying away.

"Get…Back!" Resha growled as reverted to his human form, lacking his arms. The internal organs on his chest were laid bare, for the portion before that was destroyed when his attack failed. He churned as much Prana as he could accumulate in a short while and targeted the Empyrean Boar King's figure.

Primary Nature—Total Inertial Gravity!

A gravitational field was unleashed in a tunnel form, connecting the Empyrean Boar King's body to the land underneath the Mammoth Clan. Instantly, a suction force was unleashed that caused the Empyrean Boar King's flying figure to decelerate.

Once it was stopped in the air, its figure would be pulled towards the Mammoth Clan. In its weakened state, it would be killed without a doubt. Knowing this, the Empyrean Boar King observed its battered body, taking action without hesitation.

Instantly, its battered limbs burned up and were combusted to generate Prana. The same went true for all the fat reserves stored in its body. A decent amount of Prana formed in its Spirit Container as the Empyrean Boar King opened its mouth and bleated.

Astral Chart—Bone-Melting Artillery X4!

The sky was littered with spikes that flew towards the Mammoth Clan, with a good portion of them flowing into the tunnel of gravity that Resha had created, using the force of attraction to accelerate.

"Shit!" Resha was forced to stop the gravity tunnel, glaring in hatred to see the Empyrean Boar King revert to human form and fly farther away, facing less air resistance in his human body.

"Master! Tell an Empyrean Tusk to launch me in his direction!" Resha roared, "I'll kill him!"

But he had just finished speaking when all able-bodied Empyrean Tusks unleashed powerful gusts of air to counter the artillery strike. The Boar King knew that the Empyrean Tusks could send powerful masters like Raaha after him to kill him.

It was why he unleashed such a powerful artillery strike, one unless targeted by all Empyrean Tusks would pose enough power to cripple the weakened Mammoth Clan for good.

"No…" Resha muttered in shock as he clutched his bleeding chest. His lungs had been punctured. It was why he couldn't launch himself with a pressurised thrust of air. And there was insufficient air in his stomach biome. By the time he charges up enough, the Boar King would have vanished.

It was why he wanted an Empyrean Tusk's help, since many of them hadn't fought the Boar King. So, they ought to have enough air in their lungs to promptly send him flying towards the Boar King. But it was too late, as they had already used that up to block the artillery strike.

'No! I won't give up. This is the perfect chance to kill him!' Resha activated his Secondary Nature to layer his chest with bone and block the leaking blood. He also used it to create a pair of bone arms, clutching them to see that they were functioning fine, "Good enough for now."

He charged into the wilds, intending to chase after the Boar King, stopping when he heard thuds from the Empyrean Tusks. Many of them had begun collapsing, since stopping the artillery strike expended the last of their reserves.

Their defence wasn't perfect, causing many spikes from the artillery strike to land on their bodies, dealing them significant damage. Resha's face convulsed, "Why? Fuck, why now?"

On his front was the critically injured Boar King, weakened to a level where Resha had the confidence to finish him off alone. But on his back was the Mammoth Clan where many Empyrean Tusks were on the verge of death.

Having expended all Prana, the Internal Inertial Gravity of many Empyrean Tusks stopped, causing their bodies to begin crumbling. This meant that the mass present in all their biomes would unleash their respective forces of gravity, attract everything towards them, fuse in the process, and turn into a miniature sun. It might only be active for a second but that was enough, for the energy emanated in that one second would be enough to kill all Mammoth Clansmen.

That was from a single sun. But in the current case, it seemed like more than a dozen of them were about to form. If that happened, the Mammoth Clan would be destroyed.

Moreover, even if a sun doesn't form, if the biomes explode before they begin fusing into each other, it would result in a volcanic eruption of resources. That too would kill a lot of people.

Death by Burial!

In Sumatra Chronicles, at the end of the First Major Disaster, the Supreme Tusk Gannala faced such a death. The result of an eruption of resources from its body killed more Mammoth Clansmen than the First Major Disaster.

With his External Inertial Gravity, Resha would be able to maintain the bodies of the collapsing Empyrean Tusks long enough for the Mammoth Clansmen to do something to recover their function.

If he were to choose hatred, he would be able to kill the Boar King. But the cost of it would be the Mammoth Clan's annihilation.

But if he were to choose to protect, he would be able to save the Mammoth Clan, unfortunately, at the cost of allowing the Boar King to survive. The next time he targets the Mammoth Clan, the Boar King would be at his peak, possessing power at the 10-Life Stage, strong enough to annihilate the Mammoth Clan.

Both choices of his would lead to the same result. It just depended on what he wanted. Revenge above all? Or fight for a future with his people?

"Dammit!" Resha roared in anger as he rushed towards the collapsing Empyrean Tusk figures.



Chapter 365 Loss And Recovery

Tch!

Jumping out of the corpse of the 104th Empyrean Tusk was Virala, clicking his tongue to see the Boar King survive, 'And I risked my life to create two opportunities!'

As long as the Boar King dies, Virala could lead an unrivalled life. He didn't intend to give his everything towards the cause of killing the Boar King. But when a chance presented itself, the Mammoth Clansman in him took action instinctively.

It was why he influenced the 104th Empyrean Tusk to suck in the Boar King's blood at the perfect time when the Boar King was distracted by devouring the fake Virala, who seemed to be his target for some reason.

The clues were minimal, but Virala pieced them together to weave a trap promptly. But the only ones who were able to perceive the opportunity and take action were Raaha and Resha. Unfortunately, they failed.

Since he made the 104th Empyrean Tusk suck in the Boar King's blood, unleashing an ability that it wasn't supposed to possess, he knew the Boar King would target it next. Hence, he began to influence the sea of blood within the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart through his two Silver Nature Weapons of Leech.

This way, they would attack the Boar King from his stomach when he swallows the 104th Empyrean Tusk heart. Whenever he went in for the kill, he would take on his Pranic Beast form, drill his way into an Empyrean Tusk's body and swallow its heart.

Doing so would kill the latter while allowing him to obtain its Nature. Hence, every time he killed an Empyrean Tusk in Sumatra Chronicles, the Boar King employed this method.

Virala made preparations towards it promptly, which was how he stole the Boar King's blood—when he swallowed the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart—while attacking him with blood from both externally and internally.

In his anaemic state, the Boar King was in a daze, not as reactive as usual. There wasn't a better chance than that to kill him. Had the 1st Empyrean Tusk attacked him lightly and swatted his body into the ground, the healthy Empyrean Tusks could have taken turns to stomp him into a paste.

But no, it went with the strongest attack possible, allowing the Boar King to use its attack like a baseball bat and be sent flying far away instead, thereby evading the fate of being encircled by Empyrean Tusks.

'Fucking Noobs!' Virala cursed in the end and glared at the collapsed figure of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, 'You should have followed Resha's lead. With his power, we could have bound the Boar King to the spot and blasted him without rest for a few days to destroy him.'

Stage 2—Exoskeleton!

Virala ended up revealing this form of his to the Boar King. He didn't have a choice back then, but just that fact itself pissed him. He then stared at dozens of Empyrean Tusks collapsing to the ground in exhaustion.

At the sight, he felt irritated before staring at the corpse of the 104th Empyrean Tusk, 'There's no other choice. If I allow them to die, my growth will be affected. I'm still dependent on them to blaze through the ranks of Life Stage in the shortest time possible.'

The Empyrean Tusk herd would gather and store resources in their bodies. Virala would use the power of the Decaleeches to steal their accumulation from time to time and use it to grow stronger, creating as many bodies as possible before the 4th Major Disaster.

In the process, he would also steal data from the Empyrean Tusks, using it to conceptualise powerful Skills that would help him. As long as he steals enough, it would be no different from getting an inheritance.

That was Virala's goal. Towards that, keeping as many Empyrean Tusks alive as possible was for the best. Sighing, he used the power of the Decaleeches to suck in all the blood present in the 104th Empyrean Tusk, sucking it dry.

He heard shrieks from Resha, knowing that the latter was doing everything in his power to prevent their deaths.

"Here! Touch these!" Grehha shouted as he enveloped Empyrean Incubators on the biomes of the collapsing Empyrean Tusks, "The Prana you pour in them would be converted into a form suitable for the Empyrean Tusks."

Right as the Empyrean Incubator covered the heart of an Empyrean Tusk, all Mammoth Clansmen from its settlement converged upon it and poured their Prana by touching it. Once their Prana seeped into its surface, the Empyrean Incubator used it as fuel to generate the essence of an Empyrean Tusk, being absorbed into the heart.

In response, the Empyrean Tusk's heart began to gain some Prana, which fed into its Spirit Container. Soon, there was enough Prana to fire up Internal Inertial Gravity.

"It's working!" The Settlement Leader shouted in relief.

What he wasn't aware of was that at some point in time, a surge of Prana-rich blood poured into the Empyrean Tusk's heart, which was what contributed the most to its speedy recovery.

Jumping out of the Empyrean Tusk's body was an orb that landed on a skateboard and travelled towards the body of another collapsed Empyrean Tusk and seeped into it, immediately pouring in a large pool of Prana-rich blood into its heart.

Virala used up all his reserves, even going to the extent of destroying his biomes to gather enough Prana for the recovery of the Empyrean Tusks.

A team of masters accompanied Blola to a nearby region where he took root and generated Parute King Fruits en masse, destroying the region in the process. The masters took turns to transport the Parute King Fruits to the Empyrean Tusks, hastening their recovery process.

During their most critical time, Resha used External Inertial Gravity to keep their bodies and biomes structurally stable, long enough for the actions of Grehha, Virala, and Blola to take effect.

"Argh!" Raaha grunted as he split himself into ten bodies and encircled the wounded Empyrean Tusks, creating an environment where the air was rich with Prana, allowing the Empyrean Tusks to maintain their conditions as they breathed.

Primary Nature—Thought Condensation!

His thoughts affected the terrain to catalyse the air in such a process the various elements fused to spark the energies of body, mind, and soul, the fusion of which generated Prana. It was a taxing process and had minimal efficiency.

But in this situation, anything helped. Hence, Raaha took action despite his severely injured state.

With the entirety of the Mammoth Clan desperately doing everything they could, the critical Empyrean Tusks were on the path of recovery. With that, they needn't worry about more losses.

In the recent fight against the Boar King, the Mammoth Clan lost an Empyrean Tusk.

And the cause of that was still in the air, his eyes closed as he felt the wind brush against his face. The turmoil in his stomach had stopped long ago when he was sent flying beyond the Spirit Weapon range of Virala.

Hence, his stomach had already begun digesting the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart, generating a steady stream of Prana for his use. Remaining in the air was the safest in his current situation. Hence, the Boar King remained passive.

It was unknown how far he had travelled, but the Boar King was unable to see the Mammoth Clan anymore, sighing in response, 'Had I been a bit patient, I could have killed many of them this time. For some reason, they were all severely weakened.'

He then recalled the armoured figure who was able to use a Decaleech's power, grinning in realisation, "Loot, you parasite."

"You're using the Empyrean Tusks as a farm for your growth."



Chapter 366 He’s Loot

Boom!

The Boar King slammed into a hill and arrived at a stop. Most of his bones were fractured from the impact as he was already in a weakened state. He had begun to generate some Prana but hadn't used it yet, keeping it for emergencies.

Hiss!

Pranic Beasts of the region noticed his arrival and began to rush towards him. At his present state, the Boar King's presence was at its weakest, not at a level enough to intimidate Pranic Beasts like before.

Instead, he was the ultimate treasure now. There was a chance an Iron Grade Pranic Beast could mutate just by chomping upon a piece of his flesh. And this chance wasn't small. As a result, expressing a voracious desire for his flesh and blood, the Pranic Beasts rushed towards the Boar King.

"Are they for real?" The Boar King had never witnessed such a sight in all his life. Weak, dirt-like creatures with inconsequential strength were now charging at him to devour him, the strongest existence in Sumatra Continent's history.

'This wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been so impulsive.' He thought but didn't regret his decision. At present, he made a loss during the fight. He ended up using two Gold Grade Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination and only managed to recover one Gold Grade Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

He didn't complain though, having figured out Loot's true identity, 'In his orb state, he's able to hide within Pranic Beasts. That's why I'm unable to detect him.'

When the armoured figure appeared, the Boar King imprinted the latter's Prana signature in his mind. Now, he'll never forget it. And through that short interaction, he learnt a lot about the latter.

"Loot is at the peak of Gold Grade, but has a Mystic Grade Nature. And this Mystic Grade Nature is what allows him to do everything he wants. He's able to swap the Natures in both him and others, but seeing as how he has acted until now, it seems he's able to use these Natures without limits." He muttered, "It's similar to Astral Chart but has its differences."

Astral Chart could store up to a hundred Natures and theoretically allows the Boar King to stack all one hundred of them for usage. Though once deactivated, the Nature would vanish from his Astral Chart, "But it seems the Natures used by Loot doesn't vanish. Instead, the restriction he faces is the limit of Natures he could equip, which is three."

Virala used two Natures of Bloody Affection against the Boar King. That means other than the Mystic Grade Nature that he possessed, he was only able to equip himself with two other Natures.

The Boar King then thought about the fake Virala that he had consumed, 'He only had two Natures. Why wasn't all his Natures filled with Prana Shock?'

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

As the Pranic Beasts approached him, a rock pillar jutted out of the ground and unleashed a suffocating presence, causing them all to stumble and lose control of their bodies in fear. As a result, they were unable to reach him, allowing the Boar King some peace of mind.

As long as the 104th Empyrean Tusk's heart is fully digested in his stomach, he'll recover enough Prana to heal his injuries. That was more than enough to hunt and recover his strength following that.

Hence, he continued to think, soon making a relationship between the clues, "I got it!"

"He's hiding within the Natures!" The Boar King felt epiphany, understanding why he was unable to track Loot from time to time, 'When he hides within a Pranic Beast's Nature, there's no way to sense his location. And somehow, he's able to supply his strength to the Pranic Beast too.'

"So, to equip a Nature onto a target, he needs to first occupy one of the target's Natures. Everything makes sense now." The Boar King thought, shuddering at a terrifying possibility, "If this guy ever plans to foster a Tribe, he could equip them all with two Natures of his choice."

"Too bad, he's self-centred." The Boar King had an accurate idea of Loot's character now. Even when Inala acted as Loot, he portrayed the character to be similar to Virala's character. Hence, it matched with the original.

Now, the Boar King personally made the confirmation. From now onwards, all actions done by 'Loot' will be attributed to Virala, vouched for by the Boar King himself.

"You've made it easier for me, Loot." The Boar King grinned in excitement, "Your actions have severely weakened the Mammoth Clan. Even when I had limited strength, I managed to easily kill an Empyrean Tusk. Once I build a second body, I'll come at you with more seriousness."

"Seems I need to make a trip to the Gaja Enclave next." He made up his mind.

Back at the Mammoth Clan, Virala approached the figure of the 102nd Empyrean Tusk upon seeing that it had yet to recover. In terms of Prana and body, it had recovered enough. But its mind had taken a severe hit from the necklace of Rocky Intimidation unleashed by the Boar King, followed by a shockwave-filled slap to the side of its head.

As a result, though it had recovered physically, it remained a vegetable, unresponsive. Its Mammoth Clansmen shed tears in worry, trying their everything to make it recover but were failing.

'This is a pain.' Virala groaned as he approached it. Through the two Silver Nature Weapons of Bloody Affection, he could assist in its recovery. He couldn't cure it, but at least, he could keep influencing it while the rest of the Mammoth Clansmen assist its recovery.

Over time, the 102nd Empyrean Tusk could recover, which was his intention, 'I need to camp in its body for the time being.'

In the eyes of Mammoth Clansmen from his Settlement—105th Settlement—he, Virala, was dead, devoured by the Boar King. Therefore, it was unwise to show himself out in the open anymore.

It was why he either moved as an orb or in his armoured form, taking caution to avoid being seen by others. That was why he kept his two Silver Nature Weapons of Leech active.

But just as he was about to make contact with the body of the 102nd Empyrean Tusk, he felt his body grow heavy all of a sudden. Virala retracted his hand and muttered calmly, "Do you want something, Resha?"

"You've revealed your true self, Virala." Resha stared at him with bloodshot eyes, in disbelief as he observed Virala's appearance, an uncanny resemblance to his Stage 2 transformation of Exoskeleton. It was his power that Virala was now wielding, "You're the cause behind the abrupt weakening of all Empyrean Tusks."

"Your point being?" Virala tilted his head.

"Why?" Resha was angry as the power of gravity acting on Virala increased, sending him kneeling to the ground, "If not for you, the 104th Empyrean Tusk wouldn't have died. You weakened us enough for the Boar King to dare fight us."

He approached Virala as claws formed on his hand, ready to snap his neck, "Tell me, Virala. What the fuck do you want?"

"Pfft!" Virala broke into laughter, "Hear this hypocritic fucker's remarks."

"Mind your words!" Resha grabbed Virala by the neck and increased the strength in his hold, "Blola will be able to revive you, but I'll keep killing you."

"Do you know this, Resha?" Virala grinned without fear, "Do you think the Empyrean Tusks are unaware of what I'm doing? No, they are aware but still choose to remain a bystander. Do you know why?"

He made eye contact and spoke solemnly, "Because my actions are in line with their desire."



Chapter 367 I’m Warning You, Resha

"My actions are in line with their desire."

Hearing Virala's words, Resha increased the strength in his hold to choke the latter, hearing grunting sounds to say, "Anything else you wish to bark about?"

"Sure, might as well." Virala gasped for air but displayed no resistance, despite his throat getting crushed. All he did against that was to pour more Prana into the spot to keep healing it, "Can you afford to antagonise me so much, Resha?"

"Aren't you afraid?"

"What do I have to fear about you?" Resha looked down in disdain, "You're a sneaky fuck, but that's it. There's nothing special about you…"

"Does this ring a bell?" Virala grinned as blood flowed into his mouth from Resha's hands. He massaged his aching throat after Resha instinctively let go of his hold, "You must be careful about what you touch these days."

"You…that was you?" Resha muttered in shock, clearly remembering the stream of blood that flowed out of the Boar King's body, creating an opportunity for him and Raaha to target the Boar King.

"I created the perfect opportunity and you blew it." Virala spat out in disgust, "Did you think it was easy to do so? Besides, had you trapped the Boar King with your gravity and prevented him from being sent flying, we could have killed him."

"You're a genius of incompetence and you dare question me?" Virala glared at Resha, "Cure, Attribute, Weapon, and Pet. Even with all of them, you died a dog's death to the Boar King. Though you're strong, you're useless when it matters."

"And you dare question me?"

"I…" Resha was about to defend himself when he realised what Virala was doing. He firmed his mind and glared in hatred, "Don't change the topic. You're the cause that weakened the herd. The Chief will definitely punish you."

"He might, but in his eyes, I'm already dead, since the Boar King swallowed me." Virala shrugged, "I already asked Blola to refrain from a revival attempt. He's planning to blame it on the Boar King, so that's easy."

"Besides, only the Chief will hold me accountable." Virala grinned and patted the 102nd Empyrean Tusk's body, "If you're capable, ask the Empyrean Tusks. They would be in support of my actions."

"Yes, I endangered their lives. But," Virala snorted, "I also created two opportunities to kill the Boar King. We came closer than ever to killing him, something that never happened before. And that's all thanks to me. In contrast, you blew up the sole chance you got."

"I'm warning you, Resha." Virala said calmly, "You might not fear me because you're stronger, but I have none I hold dear in this Clan. Even the influence on my mind as a Mammoth Clansman isn't strong enough to make me change my ways for anything other than the two goals the Empyrean Tusks pursue."

"What are you getting at?" Resha growled in anger, feeling like Virala was leading him on and confusing him with words as usual, "Come to the point."

"Yahira," Virala grinned, "You care about her the most. After her is your obsession with Gannala, since you failed to protect her twice. You see what I'm getting at?"

Seeing Resha's face redden in anger, Virala grinned, "I'm threatening you with their lives. So, stay within your limits, Resha."

"Even my patience is limited. Besides," Virala spat in his way, "Whether a hundred Empyrean Tusks die because of me, it doesn't matter. None of them will hold me accountable, as long as I kill the Boar King and forge a path to the Mystic Grade."

"Moreover, as long as the Supreme Tusk's successor is alive, all Empyrean Tusks can hide their inheritance in her. In the future, she'll be able to input these inheritances into the newborn Empyrean Tusks. So, as long as our two goals are achieved, we can recover our strength without issues." He concluded, "That's the ideology with which the Empyrean Tusks operate. To them, your unnecessary care is just a chain that holds them back."

"I'm warning you, Resha. I don't care what you figured out. But if you reveal any information regarding me to the Chief, I'll target your loved ones. You know I'm capable of that." Saying so, he vanished into the 102nd Empyrean Tusk's body, stunning Resha.

'What did that fucker do?' Resha's face became twisted in anger, 'I always suspected he hid his true powers, but this is absurd. I've never heard about such an ability until now.'

Resha looked around, expanding his Prana senses through External Inertial Gravity, but no matter what he did, he was unable to detect Virala. It was as if the latter had vanished into thin air. 'Just how did this fucker gain such abilities?'

He knew a sufficient amount regarding the Supreme Tusk's arrangement and the seven Mystic Paths. But unlike him, the reincarnates didn't have a past life. So, they neither had his experience nor the level of detail regarding Sumatra Continent he was aware of.

Moreover, they only had fragmented information regarding his past life, expressed through his point of view. But despite that, the reincarnates each possessed abilities that he had no idea of. How that was possible, he didn't know.

And now, Virala's true power went beyond his understanding.

Resha remained still as he felt lost, extremely confused. His eyes widened in shock to see the 102nd Empyrean Tusk get up and act like it hadn't lost its mind before, behaving normally. Seeing it walk like usual, he didn't know what to believe and what to not.

"I'm being defeated in information, me?" Resha exhaled softly, feeling endless rage build up in him.

Mystic Paths!

That was more than enough reason for the Empyrean Tusk herd to give a green signal to whatever the reincarnates did. The only one who kept them in check was Raaha.

But even though he was the Mammoth Clan Chief, he was merely a means of communication between the Empyrean Tusks and the Mammoth Clansmen. He had no sway over their core decisions.

Even if all Mammoth Clansmen were to die, the Empyrean Tusks wouldn't bat an eye. They would simply enter a Free Human Kingdom and recreate Mammoth Clansmen from scratch. They would have to waste a lot of years in the process, but it wasn't an issue as long as they could enter the Mystic Grade.

At the end of the day, the Mammoth Clansmen were simply part of their immune system, a means of convenience for their use. All manner of emotions were one-sided, unreciprocated by the Empyrean Tusks.

Baby Empyrean Tusks were different, since they would still have their birth parents. But typically, the mother died after birth while the father was significantly weakened in response. He too would die in a matter of years, which was usually the time when the Empyrean Tusk decides to take on its Pranic Beast form.

Following that, it would have no attachments to the Mammoth Clansmen of its settlement. And as those it grew up with die over the years, that level of attachment too would vanish, eventually replaced by an omnipotent thought process that was akin to a Deity, treating the Mammoth Clansmen as merely part of its immune system.

Hence, the only one who could keep a check on the reincarnates was Raaha. But if the Empyrean Tusks were to disagree with his decision, they'd force the Mammoth Clan to follow their will. After all, the Mammoth Clan lived and prospered by the resources produced in the Empyrean Tusks. To them, the stance of their Deities was absolute.

"It seems I need to get better in this information war." Resha thought as his eyes hardened, "I can't be caught lacking time and again."

"I have to learn more about these Mystic Paths and the individuals carrying them."



Chapter 368 Sumatra Gold Skeleton

"But Dad," Gannala expressed confusion upon recalling a certain piece of information, "Wouldn't we risk entering that place if we were to dig underground?"

"We'll all die miserable deaths if that were to happen."

"It's not an issue." Inala patted the ground, "We're not making a tunnel system here."

"Then…" Gannala trailed off before muttering in disbelief, "You don't mean?"

"Yup, we'll be making it in the Brimgan Empire." Inala explained himself, "There are plenty of Pranic Beast habitats within the Empire. You can camp at one such place and continue to grow without issues."

"It'll be risky, Dad." Gannala expressed her nervousness, "A slight misstep and we'll have the Brimgan Empire Royals chasing after us. We're severely disadvantaged against their range."

"I know." Inala nodded, "You'll mostly be fed resources by the Empyrean Zingers through the tunnel system. You'll live in a city like normal. Only when you need to move around in your Pranic Beast form would you leave the city."

"Besides," He grinned, "Asaeya will always be at your side. In the worst-case scenario, you can glide away on an Empyrean Zinger while she blinds our enemies."

"Got it." Gannala nodded.

Inala finished emptying his biome and addressed Gannala and Asaeya, "I'll be going ahead with Wittral. We'll coincidentally run into each other in Fentan City and become neighbours."

"Got it. We'll stick to the plan." Asaeya nodded, practically hanging from his neck as her gaze was heated. She then inched closer to him and whispered, "Don't you think I'm old enough now?"

"Let's talk about it once we settle into our lives here," Inala said, acting ignorant of her frustration. 'Having a second child at this point will stress me out further.'

Honestly, he was surprised Asaeya had held herself back for as long as she did. But she was already at the tipping point now. Mammoth Clan women had a child when they were sixteen years old. Asaeya was now nineteen. At her age, her peers had at least a couple of children.

The day she was saved from the fall at the Mammoth Clan by Inala was when she became serious about pursuing him. And now, having been living together for so long, she had long since begun considering him as her significant other.

But no matter how much she tried to get ahead, Inala never reciprocated. Back at Ellora City, she was worried that he might be dysfunctional down there. Thankfully, when she checked, it was rather healthy and reacted promptly to her touches. Inala remained unaware of her sneaky actions.

It wasn't just once or twice she had done that. But all the time, she only checked and controlled her urge to jump him, respecting Inala's choice. Her patience had mostly run out though, especially after hearing from Gannala that Wittral could now assume a female form.

She inched her mouth close to Inala's ears and whispered seductively, "I pray Wittral can live healthily with a functioning pair of sensory organs for the rest of his life. Convey my well wishes to him anonymously."

Asaeya let out a bright smile and distanced herself from Inala to wave her hand, "Then, I'll stumble upon you coincidentally in Fentan City."

If Wittral dares make a move on Inala, he'll have to bode farewell to all his senses. That was what Asaeya wanted to convey through her well wishes. Though her lips arched to form a wide smile, her eyes weren't smiling.

"Got it." Inala nodded casually, trying his best to hide the fact that his back was covered by cold sweat. Based on what he could sense, Asaeya had gotten tremendously stronger than before, having completed her Tertiary Nature.

Her cultivation too had improved by leaps and bounds, truly making her a powerhouse. After all, she had been drinking Cooter Clan medicines like water and cultivated nonstop by also taking advantage of the Empyrean Zingers to discuss and clear her ideas.

She actively fed them Bone Slips containing information about her Grim Knell and used them to hasten her growth.

Inala had yet to access the information he absorbed from the Empyrean Zingers through his Tertiary Nature. It could only be done in his male form. Hence, he wasn't privy to the details of everything that had happened in his stomach biome.

"Leave a few minutes later." Saying so, Inala assumed his female form and walked out of the boulder by making an entrance. There was no longer a biome in his stomach. However, it was currently full, packed to the brim with Sumatra Gold and the bone attached to it.

Inala had extracted as much bone as possible out of his three Sumatra Gold items, making them only occupy enough space to be present in his stomach without causing issues. The bone there had been seamlessly integrated with three pieces of Sumatra Gold by the Mudropper.

The bone was sourced from his body.

Therefore, Inala could theoretically fuse that into his skeleton. That was his plan, though the process might take a long time. As long as he finishes this process, his bones will carry the properties of Sumatra Gold, which would allow him to endure a Bolt of Transcendence and not be destroyed in the process.

The Sumatra Gold would influence his body over time and keep improving it. And when the Bolt of Transcendence hits him, it will fuse everything in his body into him, completing his evolution to reach his endgame build.

Patting his slightly bloated stomach, Inala placed Asaeya's gentle threat to the back of his mind and walked through the wild for a couple of minutes before meeting Wittral, "It's done. Were you waiting for long?"

"Your complexion looks better now." Wittral asked, "What had you done?"

"Touch my stomach and feel for yourself." Inala smiled.

"You…sure?" Wittral asked with a slightly reddened face as he placed his hand on Inala's stomach and seeped in his Prana. A moment later, his face hardened as he muttered in shock, "W-What is that material?"

"Is its information not available in your inheritance?" Inala tilted his head in surprise.

"Wait, let me check. I feel like I have seen it somewhere before." Wittral clutched his head and thought long and hard before muttering in disbelief as he stared at Inala, whispering in response, trying to be as secretive as possible, "Sumatra Gold?"

"Seriously?" He found it hard to believe when Inala nodded, "How many?"

"Three," Inala said, watching Wittral suck in a deep breath in response.

"How did you find that much?" He asked in shock.

'I have to thank Gudora for that. He extracted it from the body of a Centinger he had hunted during the Mating Season a century ago.' Inala thought and gave a one-word answer, "Mudropper."

Centingers typically ate moss and other marine plant life that grew on the riverbed. The Centinger hunted by Gudora had swallowed the three pieces of Sumatra Gold that had drifted to that location possibly due to a river current.

The location might have been a node for the Sumatra Gold to accumulate. And these three pieces were all that was present in the Red-Draft River itself. As Gudora had some knowledge regarding an ancestor of the Brimgan Empire that succeeded in fusing Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar, he intended to do the same, which was why he stored the three pieces in his treasury and didn't even relay the news to his father—Fhoong Brimgan.

Inala had looked through the entire Sanrey Plains and only found these three pieces. That was a testament to their value and rarity. After all, Sumatra Gold was the sole Mystic Grade mineral that was available on Sumatra Continent.



Chapter 369 Poor Painter/Brewer

"There was a point in history when the Mudroppers almost destroyed a tenth of Sumatra Continent," Inala said, having gotten to that part in his comprehension of the Mudropper's data. "They are a terrifying race."

"Then, what happened?" Wittral asked, interested.

"They were actively hunted by the Mammoth Ancestor and the latest Mystic Empyrean Tentacle." Inala said, "It seems the survivors dwindled in numbers until only one survived. Generation after generation, they continued their line until my teacher appeared."

"Teacher fused the three pieces of Sumatra Gold into my stomach." Inala said, "It was to aid in my growth and eventually allow me to obtain strength on par with a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. But, there are many problems associated with it."

"Thankfully," Inala grinned cheerfully, "I met you and gained your power. Through Subtle Terrain Domination, I can adjust things in my stomach to have an easier time. As long as my expertise with it increases, I'll be rid of all pain and side effects eventually."

"And I…" His face reddened mildly in response, "might be able to live with you as a full-fledged woman."

Wittral blushed at the declaration and asked, "How long do you need to cure yourself?"

"Maybe a bit over a decade or two." Inala said after a moment of thought, "It might be faster if you help me."

"Obviously," Wittral responded promptly, "You'll be free sooner than you expect. I'll help you ease your pain."

It was bullshit, but Inala was basically buying time for himself with this lie. He wasn't dense and knew that by now, Wittral was smitten with Amita Brimgan. And the fact that Inala's female form had become a Cooter Clansman meant it was extremely easy to conceive Wittral's child.

Wittral had an instinctive disposition to treat Free Humans as servants, as that was common sense at the Cooter Clan. Despite that, he developed feelings for Amita Brimgan. After Inala's female form became a Cooter Clansman, Wittral had no mental inhibitions to truly pursue the woman he liked.

And now, the two of them had come to the Brimgan Empire to start a new life. Obviously, Wittral intended to have children. Therefore, he was looking forward to it.

Unfortunately, that was extremely risky for Inala. His male form already had Gannala as his child. But if his female form too were to have one, his mind would collapse into two. It hadn't been long, but minor issues had already started to crop up in his mind since the moment Wittral kissed his female form.

At present, there are two major ticking time bombs in Inala's body—Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination.

Both were peak Gold Grade Natures, influencing him strongly. With both positioned on opposite sides, they would play tug of war in his mind, trying to make his sense of being lean in favour of the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan respectively.

At present, the Mammoth Clan had a massive advantage due to its accumulated influence. Even the existence of Gannala was an influence from an emotional perspective, grounding Inala's actions to the Mammoth Clan's benefit.

But if his female form were to have a child, based on his character, he would obviously value that child equal to Gannala. That would mean a stronger split between his genders, which would be no different from adding gunpowder to an already burning flame.

He would develop a split personality as his mind collapses and he goes insane. Before getting the Attribute and completing his evolution, Inala wanted to avoid adding extra burden on himself.

Inala had a plan for all his Natures for when he evolves. He was a Zinger, developing his Spirit Container into a Zinger Body. Therefore, only his Primary Nature of Royalty was safe for him. Bearing its influence was something natural for him, as he would indeed become more like a Zinger over time.

But the other Natures negatively influenced him. If he doesn't take care of them, his situation will become no different from the pitiful fate of the Empyrean Boar race. The solution to that was his evolution in which he would heavily influence all his Natures through Royalty and transform them into a form that aligns with his being as a Zinger.

Until that happened, he would have to keep Wittral at bay and prevent him from getting Amita Brimgan pregnant. The Sumatra Gold was the perfect excuse for that. Thanks to it, he could buy enough time.

A decade wasn't a long time for Wittral, someone with a lifespan of two millennia. And as a perfect Empyrean Snapper, he possessed the maximum possible lifespan of his race, able to remain young and healthy even towards the rear end of his lifespan.

However, if Inala had asked for a longer time, there was a good chance Wittral wouldn't have been able to hold back. To avoid any unnecessary drama, he made a calculation and opted for the most optimal solution.

'I'll just leave the issues after that time to the future me. Can't afford to fret too much so early.' Inala thought and sighed mentally. He then noticed Wittral's expression and decided instantly, 'It's safer to sleep in another room. He's showing characteristics similar to Asaeya but there's no Gannala to keep him in check.'

It was Inala's own choices that created the current mess. It was his responsibility to swim through it. Letting out a long exhale, he made Wittral carry their luggage and made his way toward the Brimgan Empire, "We still have a day's journey left."

"Is it safe to carry so many Elixirs in the open?" Wittral frowned, "I don't know how Free Human civilisations work, but this is a staggering level of wealth in possession of two Spirit Stage weaklings, right?"

Currently, Wittral had 22 Prana while Inala had 24, a pitiful sum. They would be considered cultivators at the Spirit Stage, since their presence only emanated as such. Even a single Low-Grade Elixir was dangerous to be carried by such people, not to mention a truckload of them.

"Yes, there will be a luggage inspection unless we bribe the gatekeepers." Inala said, "But with our strength, giving a bribe is a death sentence. They'll know we're wealthy and will target us later."

"Then, we need to hide them…" Wittral surveyed his surroundings, trying to find a safe spot to bury the Elixirs.

"That won't be necessary," Inala said and looked around, finding a decent sludge that he splashed on his dress. Once his clothes were dirty enough, he tore them around the edges expertly, quickly making them resemble the rags of a poor refugee fleeing from a collapsed Kingdom.

He then did the same to Wittral's clothes, ignoring the latter's displeasure to comment casually, "Get used to it. You no longer have the endless wealth of the Cooter Clan at your disposal."

"I know…" Wittral grumbled in distaste but didn't resist. It did hurt him to see his robe being turned into rags. Though, truth be told, he was in awe of Inala's skills to turn the robe into a rag and even age it accordingly, as if he had worn it for months.

Following that, Inala did the same to the bag and using Subtle Terrain Dominance, added a coating of stone and mud to the vials. Wittral had to help with the process, since he didn't have the necessary expertise yet.

Once it was done, he stared at the result with a smile, "Now, they don't appear like vials containing valuable Elixirs. Even Prana detection methods won't register anything of value in them."

"I'm a poor painter and you're a poor brewer. We're refugees from a destroyed city of Rumtara Kingdom." Inala casually packed some low-quality herbs—that he picked from the surroundings—at the top of the bag and commented, "That'll be our identities from now on."



Chapter 370 Arriving at the Brimgan Empire

Rumtara Kingdom was decently far away from the Brimgan Empire, but throughout history, migrants had braved through the treacherous regions to arrive at the Brimgan Empire.

It was because of the consistency at which Rumtara Kingdom remained a fucked-up Kingdom with piss-poor leadership. And every time they were raided by a Pranic Beast race, resulting in lots of Free Human deaths, a large number of people migrated from there.

This had happened hundreds of times to the extent the migrants managed to forge a path of escape that allowed them to travel from the Rumtara Kingdom to the Brimgan Empire with relative safety and a conservative number of deaths.

Brimgan Empire was a Free Human powerhouse, having stood tall for tens of thousands of years. It was one of the few Empires that had witnessed the eras of multiple Mystic Empyrean Tentacles. As a result, people in Kingdoms from all over the Continent tried to reach it, trying to forge their own routes to the place that could be called a Free Human paradise.

The number of failures was too numerous to keep a note of. The majority of those who had embarked on such a journey ended up dying due to the perilous nature of Sumatra Continent. But from time to time, there were cases of success.

And these successful people would arrive at the Brimgan Empire, settle in, and develop. Eventually, they would have families and pass their life's mission to their children. Using the knowledge of the parent and the potent Human Avatar building prowess of the Brimgan Empire, the children would set out when they were strong enough.

They would try to improve the route traversed by their parent. The percentage was even lower, but there were cases of success. Over time, these routes would be gradually developed.

On rocky mountains along the way, information would be carved for future travellers, engraved with details by all passersby. Over time, as travellers pass by it, they would add in bits and pieces of knowledge they had gathered. Eventually, a route would form successfully.

There were hundreds if not thousands of such routes, with people from various Kingdoms and Empires reaching the Brimgan Empire with differing motives. Most of the time, the Brimgan Empire accepted these refugees.

As a melting pot, it gathered the brave travellers and their knowledge. Over the centuries, this pool of knowledge allowed the Brimgan Empire to upgrade their own cultivation techniques, since they could draw reference from the techniques used in Kingdoms and Empires far far away.

There was generally a couple dozen people arriving at the Brimgan Empire every month. And from time to time, there would be a large crowd of people fleeing from the Rumtara Kingdom.

Inala arrived at a clearing and was able to observe the Brimgan Empire's entrance, gawking at its sheer grandeur.

Lotus Range!

Situated in the Brimgan Sea, this mountain range appearing like the petals of a lotus marked the Brimgan Empire's sprawling territory.

Occupying an area of five million square kilometres, and spanning a population of 140 million, they had truly carved out a portion of Sumatra Continent for themselves.

In terms of history, the Brimgan Empire easily dated past the likes of Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan, having been a major power for as long as anyone kept record. Only the Mystic Tentacles keeping watch from the Transcendent World knew how long the Empire existed.

'This is the Brimgan Empire.' He felt an indescribable emotion well up in him. The spot he stood at currently was where Resha stood when he arrived at the Brimgan Empire in Sumatra Chronicles. The art posted by the author officially was from Resha's point of view.

And in the exact same point of view as the artwork stood Inala. Though aware that he was originally a denizen of Sumatra Continent, the longing he felt towards this world while on Earth left a lasting effect.

Today, he was there, in the exact spot he had dreamed about, staring at the mighty Brimgan Empire, the location where the Second Major Disaster commences. "Ahh, I want to explore this world more."

It was his honest desire. Frankly speaking, if he had a choice, Inala would have happily abandoned everything to explore the continent at his leisure. Unfortunately, that wouldn't be an option because of the Boar King.

Once the Major Treasure of Attribute appears, the Boar King would truly become serious. As he blazes through the ranks of Life Stage, his strength becomes more and more absurd. And once he reaches the 5-Life Stage, he becomes capable of sensing the existence of Empyrean Tusks.

Similar to how the Empyrean Tusks feel the presence of the Boar King through fear, the Boar King would feel their presence through hunger. All the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity would combine to completely influence him.

But his Voracious Nature too would grow stronger and cause him to develop a stronger desire for Internal Inertial Gravity. Basically, the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity would have grown strong enough to make him think he was an Empyrean Tusk.

And the higher the Boar King's cultivation at the Life Stage, the stronger this influence gets, since he continues to gather more of them. Eventually, the influence would become powerful enough to affect his mind significantly and force him to grow as an Empyrean Tusk.

Even though that wasn't possible, the Boar King would pursue that goal, towards which he ends up killing all Empyrean Tusks and devouring them. By the end of Sumatra Chronicles, the Boar King would mentally be more Empyrean Tusk than all Empyrean Tusks combined, with the number of Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in him crossing fifty.

At that stage, even without activating them, the sheer influence brought by them would permeate the influence of Internal Inertial Gravity in him, which was why Resha failed to even scratch him and died a dog's death.

It was why, from the start, Inala didn't desire an Empyrean Tusk's strength. After all, the greater the number of Internal Inertial Gravity the Boar King gained, the more helpless an Empyrean Tusk became before him.

Though merely at the 2-Life Stage, Resha had enough power at the end of Sumatra Chronicles to defeat the strongest of Free Human cultivators at the 10-Life Stage, including the Brimgan Emperor. Despite that, he died a dog's death.

And the start of that fate lay in the Brimgan Empire, where the Major Treasure of Attribute appears and urges the Boar King to move.

'I have to do something about that. But how can I prevent the Boar King from sensing the presence of Attribute?' Inala thought in worry as he sighed. He then noticed through his exceptional eyesight as a Zinger, observing the figures of Gannala and Asaeya arrive at the entrance.

Since they were at the Body Stage and exuded strong presences, they could enter after paying a small entrance fee, or bribe if one could call it. Seeing them enter safely calmed him down, 'That's one less issue to stress about.'

"Once you make a full recovery and we grow strong enough, let's explore the world," Wittral commented with a smile as the duo made their way to the Brimgan Empire. And obviously, just as they had expected, they were stopped at the entrance.



