Chapter 741  Referenced Power

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Raaha's figure flickered towards a pile of composite projectiles as he clapped his hands once, unleashing a powerful shockwave that turned them into dust. The trembling in his hands decreased by a notch as a result, allowing him to target the next pile better.

Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

The Rockatrice's Primary Nature was the most annoying when accumulated to a large extent. And here, every single composite projectile carried a portion of it, unleashing a suppressive effect that pervaded the surroundings, coupling atop the presence unleashed by Yarsha Zahara that struck fear in the bodies of the Empyrean Tusks!

Thereby, the longer they allowed Yarsha Zahara to do her thing, the worse their situation would get. Hence, Raaha took action first, as thanks to two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, he was the fastest. Besides, as the Mammoth Clan Chief, he had to take the lead in a battle.

When he left the Mammoth Clan's hideout close to the Brimgan Empire, he was at the 9-Life Stage, having given one body to Yahara Tusk for consumption. But by the time he left the Sumatra Continent, he had already entered the 10-Life Stage once again.

Even though he had yet to reach the peak, he was still a powerhouse, one stronger than before when he possessed the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle. With a start, he extended his leg and twirled a few times, cranking strength before releasing it into the air to generate powerful shockwaves that sent the composite projectiles flying away, severely damaging them in the process.

The ones impacted at the start crumbled into dust while the trailing ones flew off as large chunks, with a good portion of them flung towards Yarsha Zahara who didn't even bother dodging them. All she did was condense her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon before her, one large enough to cover her body.

The projectiles slammed into the shield and splattered as dust. The momentum behind them didn't even manage to budge her for some reason. And while the kite-shaped Spirit Weapon protected her, Yarsha Zahara continued to launch more composite projectiles into the sky that intended to rain down at the Empyrean Tusks.

"What is she doing?" Raaha was unable to figure out Yarsha Zahara's thought process, wondering why she was wasting so much Prana as if she had an infinite supply. He then turned around and nodded at the Empyrean Tusks, signalling them to flee, 'At our fastest speed, she won't be able to keep up.'

Immediately at his signal, all the Empyrean Tusks turned around and sprinted while activating Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit. Vhalla grabbed Orakha and Maroppa as she kicked the ground and accelerated.

Inhaling a deep breath, she blew through her mouth, unleashing a horizontal tornado that cleared out all composite projectile piles before her, creating a clear path that was almost a kilometre long. As she took the lead, all the Empyrean Tusks followed suit.

Rhanalla brought up the rear, intending to assist Raaha who was constantly launching all the projectiles at her, intending to use the barrage to keep her at bay. "Quick!"

"Go ahead!" Raaha muttered as he sent a long line of composite projectiles flying at Yarsha Zahara, making the line resemble a laser due to how compact it was, completely occupied by flying projectiles.

"Phew!" Bones popped out of his body and melted, transforming into small pellets in whom he infused the power of Internal Inertial Gravity and grunted, hurling them at Yarsha Zahara. The pellets travelled in a straight line, barely curving as each pellet reached a tonne in weight.

He was using two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity to raise their weight, turning them into a deadly blast. In the fraction of a second, the pellets slammed into the kite-shaped shield, producing a muffled sound at first and then was followed by a sonorous gong.

"Urgh!" Her feet skid from the impact as Yarsha Zahara found herself losing her footing before she was sent flying towards the Sandy-Grey Void. She was unusually calm though, condensing a Comet that she held and poured Prana into.

She pointed it in the direction of Raaha and caused it to fly at him. But as she held it tight, unwilling to let go, her momentum was gradually brought to a standstill. Moreover, before her momentum reached zero, she let go of the Comet and watched it lose power mid-flight and slam into the ground.

Had she been a second slower in releasing her hold, she would have accelerated in the direction of Raaha, which meant she had entered a state of flight. This was exactly how Brangara lost a body during the Second Major Disaster thanks to Resha's scheme.

Her expression turned stoic as Yarsha Zahara flew into the Sandy-Grey Void. But an instant later, a chain attached to a hook flew out from the curtain of night and stabbed into the ground. It had a complex locking mechanism, following the Spirit Weapon creation techniques of the Brimgan Empire.

The locks changed gears as the teeth of the hook expanded and spread further into the ground, anchoring itself tightly. The chain attached to it was elastic, visibly stretching for a few seconds before contracting, bringing Yarsha Zahara back into the Manu Enclave.

She landed on the ground and grunted, not wasting any moment as her body transformed into a golden flash and vanished, accelerating towards Raaha.

"Not on my watch!" Raaha roared and rushed at her after transforming into a Shock Lizard.

Primary Nature—Empyrean 100!

The serpentine tail allowed him to manoeuvre in varied directions swiftly, at speeds faster than human legs, which was efficient in close combat. He clenched his hand into a fist and slammed a punch at Yarsha Zahara, targeting her face.

Boom!

Yarsha Zahara's head cranked to the side a bit before stopping, suddenly becoming as dense as him. Her eyes trailed towards him as her mouth curled up to let out a gleeful smile, breaking out into elation. A moan escaped her lips, "Ah! How long has it been since I felt this power."

"Of Internal Inertial Gravity!" She licked her lips, staring at the paling face of Raaha, "I'll become as strong as you are the moment you touch me."

"Tch!" Raaha felt weaker in his right arm, sensing its density return to normalcy. He retracted his hand in a hurry and noticed two pin-sized holes on his knuckles. His focus darted to the temples of Yarsha Zahara where his punch had connected, noticing Sumatra Gold there.

At the moment he punched her, Yarsha Zahara selectively activated her Human Avatar at the point of contact and slightly morphed it, causing two pin-sized portions to protrude out, which used Raaha's force to pierce into his knuckles, targeting exactly the spot without bones, which was relatively weaker.

The moment they pierced through his skin, they came in contact with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity spread throughout him, absorbing it rapidly, which she applied instantly to raise the density of her head, which was why her head only tilted partway from his punch.

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

[Internal Inertial Gravity! I WANT MORE OF IT!]

Brangara's roars resounded in her mind as Yarsha Zahara reached out with her hand and grabbed Raaha's arm. The flesh at the point of contact distorted as blades of wind cut in. Her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar expanded from the tips of her fingers and stabbed into his arm, absorbing his Internal Inertial Gravity.

Accompanying it was her Subtle Terrain Domination, all applied in conjunction with each other as she yanked his arm off, having cleanly severed it with a single touch. Everything had happened in the fraction of a second, leaving Raaha stunned.

But immediately in response, he reacted, transforming into a Millinger as the sheer expansion of his size sent her flying. He reverted to his human form and transformed into a Brully, slamming at her with his hammer right arm. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Boom!

Yarsha Zahara was sent crashing into the ground, forming a crater. But an instant later, she leapt out, not even scratched. The dust hadn't even settled, but Raaha's Prana detection means were sending large danger signals.

'What the fuck is that? How is this possible?' Rhanalla stopped running as she stared in shock, noticing a Sumatra Gold-covered figure walk out of the crater, 'How can she have enough Sumatra Gold to finish her Human Avatar? And even if she did, how could she be so fast?'

"That's the source of your confidence, huh?" Raaha muttered in nervousness, staring at the glinting figure of Yarsha Zahara who appeared to have a different colour with every angle change in his vision.

"Just one of the many." Yarsha Zahara said and dusted herself casually, "You have two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. That's why I can feel your punches despite the various defensive measures I've taken. I don't understand how you achieved it, but it's alright."

"I'll figure it out!" Her mouth widened like a beast and drooled, "And then, I'll reclaim it."

"Fuck you, Bitch!" Raaha cursed, "Only an Empyrean Tusk can wield Internal Inertial Gravity. Not you or that bastard hiding in you."

"Wow, what a meagre taunt." Yarsha Zahara burst into laughter, "That doesn't even tickle after everything I've experienced."

She stopped speaking and stared in the direction of the fleeing Empyrean Tusks, "Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you…"

"Hurry!" Vhalla shouted as she ran to the front, "While the Chief buys time, we need to flee far away. Let's keep running for as long as our resources last. I'm sure we can outlast Yarsha Zahara!"

"Yes!" Nitalla, the 5th Empyrean Tusk answered as she cranked her power further, increasing her speed. However, she had taken one more step when the ground parted open, revealing a deep pit, one filled with composite projectiles, "What the…?"

Vhalla's eyes widened in shock as her figure fell into the pit alongside the rest of the Empyrean Tusks. She then noticed that the walls of the pit were covered by composite projectiles while there was a whole sea of them at the bottom.

She then noticed Tangible Natures of Shifting Ants running about on the walls of the pit, and placing the composite projectiles there while there was a group of Tangible Natures of Pranic Beasts at the very bottom who were producing the composite projectiles.

"This is…shit!" Vhalla bellowed as she hurriedly condensed a storage lantern and expanded it to its original size, bellowing with all her might, "Get inside!"

"Okay!" All the Empyrean Tusks grabbed each other and pulled themselves into the storage lantern, not before leaving some outside that exploded immediately after to produce shockwaves that can serve as a layer of defence.

After all, the composite projectiles, numbering in the tens of thousands, launched themselves as comets, targeting the storage lantern.

As the bombardment began, a large horde of Tangible Natures of Mud Vipers gathered around a Tangible Nature of Rockatrice and began to cover up the top of the pit, intending to fill up the space so that even if an Empyrean Tusk were to transform, it would crush everyone else trapped in the pit.

"I was just saying that it was dangerous." Yarsha Zahara muttered as she side-eyed Raaha, "I don't like my prey escaping, you see. But, what should I do now?"

She put on a troubled expression, "I don't like them covered in mud either."



Chapter 742: Farewell, My Dear

﻿

"I don't like them covered in mud either."

"Bitch!" Raaha grunted as he transformed into a Brully once again, flickering before Yarsha Zahara when hundreds of composite projectiles slammed into his back, causing him to grunt as a large chunk of his Prana was instantly siphoned away.

But he didn't hesitate and instead switched to a new body to avoid falling unconscious and slapped Yarsha Zahara, sending her flying into the air, 'She's hard!'

His expression gradually morphed into a frown as he unleashed a barrage of attacks on her, noticing that no matter how hard he punched her, the damage was minimal. Moreover, her Human Avatar was like a fluid, constantly morphing in shape as it rippled and formed spikes to meet his attacks, using every opportunity to absorb his stacked power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

'It doesn't make sense!' Raaha was worried the more his attacks did nothing to her, 'She's able to tank everything I can throw at her! Dammit!'

"What the heck are you?" He roared as his Brully formed attacked with the hammer arm on its right and formed a kilometre-wide crater in the ground, with Yarsha Zahara caught in the centre.

"Are you blind?" Yarsha Zahara stared at the bottom of the hammer as her lips curled up into a wide smile, "Did you hurt your head too much and forgot everything about me? Now, that's unfortunate!"

"The fact that you cannot recognise what I'm using to defend myself with is concerning." Her fingers transformed into blades as the stacked effect of two Internal Inertial Gravity flowed through them, making it possible for her to stab the blades through the hammer and absorb even more of the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

And then, she inched her index finger and gently touched the hammer, coursing a shockwave through it that instantly vaporised most of Raaha's body, "This is the power of that bitch, the only one who wasn't a Deity but managed to injure a peak Empyrean Boar King!"

"What?" Cold sweat dripped down his back as Raaha appeared at the border of the Spirit Weapon range with respect to where his body had been at moments ago, now at the 9-Life Stage. 'W-What hit me?'

Realisation slowly dawned on him as he recalled a conversation with Resha right after the merger.

"Chief, I need your help to capture the egg of a certain Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"What is it?" Asked Raaha back then, muttering the Pranic Beast's name, "Empyrean Thunder?"

Mutated Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Empyrean Thunder!

Primary Nature-Piezo Response!

Secondary Nature Reservoir!

In Sumatra Chronicles, Yahira had fused with the Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast, Twi- Shocker. Around the Fourth Major Disaster, she completed her Tertiary Nature of Tectonic Rush, which was what she had used against the 10-Life Stage Brangara, and was the only individual who had managed to successfully wound him.

Even Resha, equipped with three Major Treasures, failed to scratch the Empyrean Boar King. In the current timeline, Resha had given Yahira the Empyrean Thunder's egg, which was a Mutated Gold Grade variant of the Twi-Shocker.

The Primary Nature of Piezo Response was capable of converting kinetic energy into vibrational energy and transmitting it to the target through a series of shockwaves. It was an instantaneous conversion.

The Secondary Nature of Reservoir allows the Empyrean Thunder to store the shockwaves for later discharge, resulting in a terrifying combo. And obviously, due to their history, Yarsha Zahara knew a lot about Yahira, aware of the latter's power.

She didn't know about Tectonic Rush but was aware of everything else that Yahira had prepared. Moreover, after interrogating Yennda and learning about Sumatra Chronicles past the Third Major Disaster when she disappeared in the book, Yarsha Zahara learned of what Yahira had achieved towards the end of her life.

"Tectonic Rush?" Raaha muttered in shock, "That's impossible! Yennda and even Grehha have no idea about it other than theoretical knowledge."

"I don't have Tectonic Rush though. Man, you completely lost the script." Yarsha Zahara said as her figure turned into a golden flash, unleashing shockwaves of Prana alongside the stack of two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity that she had absorbed from Raaha.

Her current self was faster than Raaha, catching up to him before she tapped him on the shoulder, instantly vaporising him once again.

"Dammit!" Raaha grunted in distress as his now 8-Life Stage leaped away and transformed into a Millinger, leaping once to barely evade Yarsha Zahara.

'Piezo Response, Reservoir, the innate toughness of her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar, and now my power of Internal Inertial Gravity!' Raaha's expression was foul as he realised why Yarsha Zahara could afford to nonchalantly hunt them.

Her build countered the Mammoth Clan completely!

Any Prana-based abilities would simply become a part of her arsenal while physical attacks will also be absorbed. Her Human avatar was robust enough to withstand Raaha's full- powered punches without dying, which was more than enough for Piezo Response to work its magic.

This meant that irrespective of what he did, all he could achieve would be to strengthen her further. And worst of all, this was just Yarsha Zahara. The Celestial Boar had yet to make an appearance, for the time being, content with supplying Prana and Tangible Natures for her

use.

'What the fuck am I supposed to do here?' Raaha felt like he was going mad, unable to figure out a way to deal with the situation. Had he possessed the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, he could work on a solution, since he had fought against Brangara plenty of times in the past with it.

He had enough experience and tactics to ingeniously use the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power. However, he had never fought anyone strong with his current build, so his versatility and adaptability were lacking.

This would have never been an issue. After all, simply activating his Secondary and Tertiary Natures was more than enough to dispatch any Gold Grade Pranic Beast to the afterlife. The issue came about because he was facing Yarsha Zahara, one empowered by Brangara.

"Two done, eight more to go..." Yarsha Zahara turned silent all of a sudden before turning in the direction of the pit, 'Is he finally taking action?'

A few seconds ago, right as the storage lantern appeared and all the Empyrean Tusks entered it, a bunch of storage lanterns exploded, generating a powerful gust of air that slowed down the composite projectiles and sent a good majority of them flying away.

The remaining few impacted the storage lantern as Vhalla grunted in response, feeling her Prana being siphoned through her Spirit Weapon. Not only that, but upon absorbing her Prana, the composite projectiles strengthened the power of Rocky Intimidation that they had been generating.

Moreover, at the bottom of the pit was a group of Tangible Natures of Pranic Beasts, intensifying the trap. The storage lantern accelerated in its fall towards the bottom, acted upon by the Nature of Drifting Tunnel.

There were smaller holes throughout the pit, spewing out composite projectiles. Drifting Tunnels trailed from the pit to the surface where Yarsha Zahara had piled the composite projectiles. Tangible Natures of Shifting Ants were busy collecting them and pouring them into the tunnels to fill up the pit.

"Hold on!" Vhalla shouted as she filled the space within the storage lantern with Internal Inertial Gravity, ensuring they wouldn't sustain any damage from the fall. Her expression morphed into shock when she noticed a thin flash of light flicker across the inner fall, as if something had penetrated.

There were six such lines, with them all meeting at one spot, following which the storage lantern shattered into multiple pieces, revealing the culprits to be Tangible Natures of Bludders.

'Should I blast this place?' Vhalla thought, for a moment thinking of assuming her Empyrean Tusk form when Orakha tapped her on the shoulder.

"That won't be necessary." He said as jet-black smoke billowed out of his body and dispersed throughout the place like an explosion. The composite projectiles dissipated portions of the smoke upon absorbing the Prana forming it, but the quantity of smoke was significantly

higher.

Hiss! Hiss!

The smoke thickened to resemble a cloud and rained Mystic Eaters in large numbers, each the size of a finger. These Mystic Eaters were different from usual. They sported thin, butterfly- like wings, too small to fly, acting like fins. As the Mystic Eaters spread their wings, they were

able to achieve a buoyant effect through the cloud, allowing them to change directions and swim about.

As they fell, they slammed into the composite projectiles. A Mystic Eater pierced one of them and consumed the fluid forming the Prana Bomb counterpart. As it pierced appeared on the other side, it had grown in size while the composite projectile shattered into multiple pieces.

It munched onto the minerals that it had consumed from the composite projectile and continued to steadily fall towards the bottom of the pit, targeting other projectiles headed its way. In a matter of seconds, the bombardment of composite projectiles was consumed by the

Mystic Eaters.

Boom!

A large Mystic Eater, 20-metres long landed on the bottom as it extended itself and swallowed a bunch of Tangible Natures. If it grows any bigger, its mobility will take a hit. Hence, the 20-metre-long Mystic Eater broke down into a hundred smaller Mystic Eaters that began to clean up the place.

A group of them even invaded the Drifting Tunnels and headed to the surface as Vhalla landed

on the ground, carrying Orakha and Maroppa to safety.

Boom! Kaboom!

Inhaling a deep breath, Vhalla unleashed a gust of wind that sent the layer of earth on the pit flying out, allowing the group to hear muffled sounds of punches being exchanged.

"Please..." Maroppa grabbed Orakha's arm in a hurry upon noticing his intention to face

Yarsha Zahara, "She'll kill you!"

"You promised to flee with me, didn't you?" Her eyes were moist, "I can transform a portion of this enclave into the Sandy-Grey Void. We can hole up inside it if necessary!"

"Unfortunately, that seems unlikely to succeed." Orakha's expression hardened as he noticed a Parute Tree rapidly sprouting within the pit. A glare from him and it turned to ash. He extended his thumb and activated his Human Avatar, tapping across his chest that produced

colourful ripples.

His fingers danced across his body and changed the arrangement of the minerals composing his Compound Human Avatar. He then adjusted the two pieces of Sumatra Gold to the centre. Since he was at the 2-Life Stage, he was carrying two pieces of Sumatra Gold in him, one per

Human Avatar.

They served as the core of his power, amplifying his strength to great levels. He quickly made the changes and stared at the 10th Empyrean Tusk, Wrunnala, "Where's Yahira?"

"Safe in my biome." Wrunnala nodded, "Resha asked me to keep her safe and secure."

"Take her out." Orakha said without missing a beat, "Yarsha Zahara is using the same set of

abilities as her. Only Yahira can play proper defence against her attacks. In the meantime,"

He stared at Maroppa, "I'll create an opportunity. When you see it, use your power on Yarsha's flesh."

"Flesh?" Maroppa expressed her confusion, "Isn't she already at the peak of the Body Stage?"

"Nope," Orakha chuckled, "She needs 600 pieces for that and the amount I'm sensing in her

Human Avatar isn't even close. She's probably relying upon a bunch of skills alongside Subtle Terrain Domination to manipulate her Human Avatar and cover her body with it. Her internal organs are still made of flesh and blood."

He stared at Wrunnala, "Send a shockwave through her Sumatra Gold exterior, and she's

dead."

"Stay far away and simply use wind and shockwaves to assist me," Orakha said as he activated

his Human Avatar, transforming into a greyish-red humanoid. A Mystic Eater extended out of his body like a spring and elastically attached to the top of the pit.

It contracted and launched him to the surface as Orakha made an arc towards Yarsha Zahara,

frowning upon seeing that Raaha had been killed until he dropped to the 6-Life Stage, 'He has been pummelled a lot. Indeed, his current build is getting countered hard by Yarsha Zahara.'

'There's only one option.' He sighed and stared at his trembling hands. For a moment, he

focused on the pit, watching the Empyrean Tusks carry Maroppa and leap out, following which they began to run deeper into the Manu Enclave.

For an instant, he made eye contact with Maroppa, letting out a wry smile upon seeing her

worry, 'Seems a peaceful life isn't my fate.'

"Farewell, my dear." He said and turned around, no longer worried about the safety of his

family. His expression turned fierce as he glared at Yarsha Zahara, focused on the latter, "You're not intending on letting go of us?"

"Do you have to ask?" Yarsha Zahara laughed when the ground she was standing upon turned

into quicksand, its depths unknown. Immediately after, the soil was set on fire, becoming a

natural fire in a matter of seconds as large Mystic Eaters rushed around and threw large trunks for fuel.

"Tch!" Yarsha Zahara punched the quicksand, only to see that it was too fine and curved around her fist. And even when she unleashed bursts of air, sending large volumes of the

quicksand flying away, she found herself in the same state as before, with her surroundings still a quicksand, larger, and deeper.

Steadily, she was sinking into it, her eyes turning serious as she glared at the figure of Orakha

walking through the sea of flames after landing on the ground with a soft thud, unaffected, prepared to fight to the death.

"Do you wish to reverse all the efforts taken by your beloved son, Yarsha?"



Chapter 743: Compound Human Avatar Vs Absolute Pinnacle

﻿

"Haah...gah!" Yarsha Zahara felt suffocated for some reason, gasping as her body sunk through the quicksand. She harnessed the power of Internal Inertial Gravity and punched forth, sending a large volume of the quicksand flying. But even more filled up the space in the fraction of a second.

Nature-Rocky Intimidation!

She condensed a rock pillar in an effort to use it to climb out of the quicksand. But the moment it materialised, it crumbled into sand and further added to the volume of the quick sand, 'This sand has the sinking properties of the Sandy-Grey Void, but it's many times stronger!'

'But why is it getting so difficult to breathe?' She wondered, feeling there was sufficient air in her vicinity, unaware of the fact that only oxygen was getting consumed.

Fire spread across the region, using the ground itself as fuel. Depending on the chemical composition of the mineral in the ground, the reactant targeting it changed, ensuring the result was one of combustion.

And as the reaction occurred, oxygen was consumed, turning the air toxic for others. Waves of reactant energy rippled out of Orakha as he walked through the sea of flames, empowered by the latter.

When a flame tongue brushed his Human Avatar, it was absorbed by the latter. As the Human Avatar absorbed the heat, it began to emit a soft reddish hue. The heat circulated through his Human Avatar, being compressed upon storage, ready to be used next.

This way, he didn't even have to use Prana to attack. The heat stored in his Human Avatar was more than enough. He only required Prana to shape up and control the heat, which was minimal. And as long as he was in the sea of flames, Orakha could keep fighting without issues.

While his body emanated reactive waves, Prana surged out of his feet and continued to expand the ground region into a quicksand, intending to keep Yarsha Zahara trapped within. The latter was stuck, unable to break free.

The sand surrounding her wasn't the grey sand, but its sinking property was dangerous. In a matter of seconds, her figure sank to a depth of a hundred metres, continuing to bring her deeper.

Roar!

Nature-Empyrean Boar Transformation!

She had absorbed the power of the Primary Nature from her children, storing it for dangerous situations where her human form was too small to survive something. The large body of an Empyrean Boar would allow her to tank an attack better.

The Empyrean Boar barely surfaced when it felt strength fleeing from its being. A choking sensation wrapped her as Yarsha Zahara felt piercing pain in her lungs. She surged Prana to the spot, wondering what was happening since there was no damage done to the organ.

However, her lungs were in strain for some reason. And as she struggled, Orakha's voice resounded as his figure walked towards her, "Do you wish to reverse all the efforts taken by your son, Yarsha?"

His expression was fierce as Orakha said, "I had planned to abandon everything if it meant I could live in peace. It's why I took the risk to flee to a location so far away from the Varahan Empire!"

"So, why the fuck are you after us? Huh?" Intense heat erupted around him as both air and earth in a kilometre vicinity became a sea of plasma, faint, but perceivable to the naked eye. The air ionised as intense aurora waved about, influenced by his anger to transform into a wave face with a fierce pair of eyes, glaring at Yarsha Zahara.

"You...think...this...can...work...against... me?" She growled and harnessed Subtle Terrain Domination to fuse the sand into a stable platform under her, following which she kicked the platform with all her might while using the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Her figure shot high into the sky, about to escape the region of plasma when her ascent decelerated. A pair of serpents had coiled around her Empyrean Boar body and yanked her towards the ground, slamming her back into the quicksand.

Her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon swerved around her, intending to absorb the two Mystic Eaters. But right as it was about to make contact with them, the two Mystic Eaters dissolved into smoke, having self-destructed.

This way, they weren't absorbed by Yarsha Zahara. Her figure sunk through the quicksand once again, her skin burning thanks to the flames. Her Human Avatar was unable to absorb it as it was a natural fire and not the product of a Nature.

Her eyes grew heavy as Yarsha Zahara felt her concentration slipping away. She reverted to human form and brought out a Pranic Beast Tangible Nature that grabbed her and threw her into the air.

Followed by a flash, an Eddy Blade spread like wings around her as her figure spun, severing the Mystic Eaters that intended to capture her once again, "Don't underestimate me!"

But right as she was about to leave the region of plasma, a hand grabbed her by the neck. A rocket's thrust erupted from its back and accelerated, instantly pushing her towards the ground. Yarsha Zahara was stunned as she was unable to absorb it, 'Isn't it his Spirit Weapon?'

She noticed that he was deftly controlling the hand like a Spirit Weapon, confused for an instant before noticing a layer of solidified lava outlining it. This was sourced from the burning ground. the hand flew through the lava region once and applied the coat over itself.

As it wasn't the product of a Nature, it couldn't be absorbed by Yarsha Zahara. Moreover, this layer prevented her Human Avatar from coming into contact with the hand that was the Spirit Weapon.

"Damn you!" The Human Avatar covering her neck formed spikes that pierced through the layer of solidified lava, about to touch the hand when the material within combusted itself, turning into pure thrust that slammed her into the ground once again.

Unable to absorb the Spirit Weapon, Yarsha Zahara became vexed, feeling what Raaha had been experiencing thanks to her until now. She was getting countered hard, without being given any chance to retaliate.

Even her resistance was crumbling, 'Why is he stronger than when he fought Yamahara?'

As she glared at Orakha while her figure began to sink once again, her eyes widened, noticing Orakha's presence gradually shed the shell of mortality and enter the absolute realm, becoming a pinnacle existence.

Mystic Grade!

A greyish-red Human Avatar, part smoke, part fire walked through the sea of flames, blending with the surroundings. The sheer presence it released caused everything in its surroundings to catch aflame.

Every step it took turned the ground into quicksand, one volatile in nature. The sand turned burned for a couple dozen seconds before becoming lava. And once it cooled down, it became solidified chunks of glass.

The glass was structurally unstable, releasing the oxygen molecules in a matter of seconds, which were consumed by the flames to maintain themselves. A vicious cycle of heat and quicksand was created in the region, forming a territory where Orakha was absolute, and one whose power Yarsha Zahara could never absorb.

'How did he manage to enter the Mystic Grade?' Yarsha was stunned, 'Even when he stole my Sumatra Gold and integrated them into his Human Avatar, I saw no signs of him reaching the

Mystic Grade.'

'What exactly changed now?' Her body began to spasm, unable to react to the situation. Orakha's extensive preparations outgunned her, and by the time she tried to retaliate, she had lost the initiative, passively caught in a deadlock.

Nature-Drifting Tunnel!

The region of plasma parted open to form a tunnel that reached into the air beyond, funnelling fresh air towards Yarsha Zahara. Through Subtle Terrain Domination, she hardened the sand in her surroundings, barely able to hold still as the fresh air reached her.

But right as she inhaled the fresh air, Yarsha clutched her chest and roared, "It...BURNS!"

The so-called fresh air was mixed with petroleum gases which was colourless and odourless. When inhaled, Orakha stared in their direction, causing a faint spark that set them aflame right as they entered her lungs.

Orakha's expression was calm, aware that this wasn't enough to kill Yarsha Zahara, not because she had other tricks up her sleeves, but because of the existence hiding in her body,

'It's time he came out. I've pushed her to the limit!'

Boom!

As if answering his thoughts, there was a spark, following which intense radiance emanated, resulting in a tornado as an eight-metre-tall existence appeared. The flames didn't even hurt it as the existence glared at Orakha, clapping once.

Astral World-Prana Shock x10!

The surroundings cleared up, snuffing out most of the flames as it grabbed Yarsha Zahara and

threw her in the direction of the fleeing Mammoth Clan. A group of hands tried to catch Yarsha Zahara but were disoriented by a series of shockwaves that impacted them, causing them to

miss.

The figure then stared at Orakha once Yarsha Zahara was beyond his reach, "You've entered

the Mystic Grade."

"Then why are you fleeing?"

Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast-Celestial Boar!

'Even upon entering the Mystic Grade, his presence is still suffocating enough.' His figure

tensed up Orakha tried his best to calm down, his voice echoing in anger, "Have I killed any of

your family?"

"They why are you coming after me? Let me live in peace, dammit!"

"I can allow you to live in peace, but on one condition." The Celestial Boar said and extended

its hand, "Give Maroppa to me. She's not someone you're supposed to keep by your side..."

Boom!

A streak of light erupted out of Orakha, forming a pillar of light that condensed into a shining

star at an altitude of a kilometre from the ground. it burned and absorbed the heat radiating

from the burning ground, stabilising as it grew in size.

"What did you say?" Veins popped up all over his face as Orakha glared in rage, "Fucking pig!

If you dare touch my wife, I'll burn your existence into cinders!"

"Try it if you can!" Brangara snorted as he lunged forward, churning Subtle Terrain

Domination to its limit as he rained down a powerful punch.

Astral World-Shredded Lunge x10!

"Hmph!" Orakha extended his thumb and pointed towards his chest, tapping across it rapidly

as Mystic Eaters churned throughout his body, changing the arrangement of minerals forming his Human Avatar.

His Human Avatar shone bright gold as his legs transformed into a set of All-Terrain-Vehicle wheels. They spun at their maximum speed and brought him beyond the range of the punch, deftly evading the blades of wind flying his way at speed faster than the speed of sound.

The world around him seemed to slow down as Orakha stopped two kilometres away from

Brangara, grunting as he churned Prana into a golden Mystic Eater that hovered before him. an instant later, it turned into a golden flash and flew towards Brangara's chest.

Human Avatar-Enhanced Kinesis Deity!



Chapter 744: Empyrean Festival

﻿

The golden Mystic Eater was empowered by the Nature of Enhanced Kinesis Deity, the power of a Brimgan Royal raised to the Mystic Grade. Moreover, the modification Orakha made to it allowed him to imbue the power of Kinesis Deity to his Mystic Eaters, turning them incredibly fast.

At the Gold Grade, Kinesis Deity increased the Spirit Weapon range by ten times. At the Mystic Grade, it was another multiple of ten, reaching an insane Spirit Weapon range that was multiplied by hundred times.

There was nothing more to it, just a small spike in speed and power with a whopping increase in range. This was enough for the Brimgan Ancestor to unleash power on par with a Mystic Tentacle and was said to even exceed the latter in power.

As Orakha had diverted part of its capacity in order to infuse its power into his Mystic Eaters, he only received eighty times the boost in Spirit Weapon range, which was more than enough.

After all, at the peak of the 2-Life Stage with a regular Spirit Weapon range of 360 metres, the eighty times boost pretty much brought him to a range of 28.8 kilometres.

The golden Mystic Eater turned into a golden flash and pierced through Brangara's chest, aiming straight for his heart in an effort to gobble up its Spirit Container. A series of Satellites appeared to defend the chest that the golden Mystic Eater casually swerved around.

There was a soft sound, following which it punctured through his chest and swam through his body. But it had only moved halfway when the Celestial Boar had vanished. On the ground was Brangara, with a portion of his chest torn apart. Hovering high above him was the golden Mystic Eater, covered by blood.

There was a glint in Brangara's eyes as his presence shifted subtly upon observing that he was directly beneath the golden Mystic Eater. A fraction of a second later, a Bolt of Transcendence slammed into the golden Mystic Eater and vaporised it.

The remainder of it poured into him as the Celestial Boar tanked the damage, healing in a matter of seconds. A vast stream of information poured into his mind space, detailing everything he needed to know about the golden Mystic Eater.

"I see," His expression curled up into a smile as he stared at Orakha, "It was a good idea to deal with you so early in the game."

'I can no longer sense the power of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle in him.' Brangara thought as he observed Orakha, 'Based on what Yamahara found out, Orakha had been keeping the power of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle locked in his Human Avatar, stabilising it through Sumatra Gold and transferring its power into ten Minor Treasures, which is what allows him to have ten different checkpoints!'

Yamahara had managed to detect the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint right upon being born. And due to its sheer danger it posed, he had investigated upon it with priority.

Yamahara couldn't find out too much details, but he figured out that Orakha was using Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar to transfer the power of his Secondary Nature of Daily Checkpoint into ten Minor Treasures of Orakha's Checkpoint.

'I don't know why he let go of such a power, but I can understand, since that freed up a lot of space in his Human Avatar and allowed him to actually use Sumatra Gold to enhance his power instead of assisting with the checkpoints.' As Brangara thought, he felt something was amiss, feeling like he had forgotten something.

Soon, his expression softened, following which he chuckled, "You guys left the power of the Mystic Tentacle to Yahard Tusk?"

"Bhahahaha!" His Subtle Terrain Domination continued to harden the quicksand under him, allowing him to stand upon it as Brangara roared in laughter, "Of everything the Mammoth Clan screwed up, this takes the cake!"

"Do you believe that man has what it takes to handle the Mystic Tentacle's power?" Whatever stress he would have felt about the reappearance of the Mystic Tentacle left him as Brangara laughed carefreely, "What a priceless blunder..."

He stopped speaking in a hurry, noticing that Orakha had turned tail and was plying away in the direction of the Mammoth Clan. Another golden Mystic Eater condensed beside him and flew towards the figure of Yarsha Zahara who was still arching across the air.

"Phew!" His wheel legs sped across the ground as he tapped his chest and made a minor change. In response to it, the golden Mystic Eater became fatter as it began to suck in the air while travelling.

The heat stored in his Human Avatar flowed into his Spirit Weapon through the stream of Prana-actuating psychokinesis-controlling it and raised its internal temperature. There was a soft, reddish glow from the gaps in its mouth before it opened its jaws wide and launched a bullet.

There was a thrust of flames trailing behind the bullet similar to a rocket, accelerating it to hypersonic speeds. The bullet heated up due to friction before slamming into the thick of Yarsha Zahara, causing a web-like crack to form on her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar.

"Argh!" She shrilled in shock as her body began to spin out of control. A searing pain coursed through his thigh and reached her abdomen, causing her Prana to activate on its own and hurry in an effort to mend the damage.

The crack in her Human Avatar began to heal when another rocket bullet slammed into her back, spinning her even faster in the air due to the angular impact. The one being shot was just the elements in the air compressed to a solid level and made to store heat.

A small container existed in the bullet, stored with air heated to the extreme. Once a hole appeared in its end, the compressed air flowed out, producing a thrust that accelerated the rocket bullet into the target.

The throat of the golden Mystic Eater formed the grooving patterns of a rifle, increasing the penetrating capacity of the rocket bullet. And since it wasn't a product of a Nature and was condensed from ambient substances, Yarsha Zahara's Primary Nature was useless.

The rocket bullet delivered enough momentum to go past Yarsha Zahara's Nature of Piezo Response and the natural toughness of her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar to form a crack on the latter.

The golden Mystic Eater aligned itself at a comfortable angle above Yarsha Zahara and shot a third bullet. On the ground, Orakha sped, catching up with the Mammoth Clan first as he stopped besides Vhalla to shout, "Run faster!"

"And hide my wife in your biome! They're here for her! And they've come prepared!" At his shout, the golden Mystic Eater systematically shot at the figure of Yarsha Zahara and curved her flight path, sending her away from the Empyrean Tusks.

But the moment her path curved, a tornado erupted around her as the Celestial Boar appeared beside her. He grabbed her and landed on the ground, causing a quake. A moment later, he transformed into a Major Treasure and entered her body.

Only one body of the Celestial Boar had appeared to face Orakha. The second one continued to remain in Yarsha Zahara's body as insurance. After all, despite her strength, her opponents weren't weak.

"Urgh!" She took a second to regain her bearings and finished healing from the damage. Following that, she activated a series of Natures contained in the Tangible Nature Minor

Treasure of Gracious Inheritor.

Gracious Inheritor-Shredded Lunge x20!

Gracious Inheritor-Prana Shock x20!

Prime Skill-Prana Flash!

Followed by a burst of Prana, Yarsha Zahara chased after the fleeing Mammoth Clan, closing

in on the group quickly, as her top speed rivalled Raaha at the 10-Life Stage, one supported by two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

"This won't work!" Vhalla complained as she stared at Orakha, "Unless you can carry us all,

we won't outpace her."

Orakha's eyes darted to the Empyrean Tusks who were running alongside him, sighing as he calculated, 'I can flee with them all, but I'll tire out eventually.'

He then stared at the figure of Yarsha Zahara quickly closing in on them, 'In contrast, the Celestial Boar has enough stamina to be on the chase for more than a month. By the time they catch up to me, I'll be too exhausted to even resist.'

"Big sister!" Orakha muttered with a cold tone as he addressed Vhalla, "Flee with Maroppa and Yahira. Both of them shouldn't fall in the hands of Yarsha Zahara. Other than the various

reasons, keeping the two hostage could render both me and Resha useless."

"As for the rest," He nodded at Rhanalla, "We don't have a choice. Even if we're afraid, terrified by the notion of facing him, we don't have an option anymore."

"Let's fight to the death!"

"It's a pity, but it is what it is." Rhanalla sighed for an instant before her expression turned

calm, resolved to die, "Thankfully, we've all placed our inheritance in Gannala."

'Even if not her, Resha could carry the will of the Mammoth Clan and bring us to glory once

again.' Vhalla thought for an instant as she grabbed the storage lantern taken out by Wrunnala, shrunk it, and swallowed it.

Stored within was Yahira. The moment she was brought inside, Vhalla felt a minor itch that

seemed on the verge of breaking out into a rash sooner than later. She grunted and increased her speed, gradually erecting a distance between her and the rest of the Mammoth Clan.

"I'll remember everyone, sisters!" She stared at her brethren one last time, her eyes moistening in response as she sped away at her fastest. As the strongest Empyrean Tusk, her control over Internal Inertial Gravity was unmatched, surpassing the output Raaha could achieve with two of the same Natures.

She had already stored him in her biome beforehand once Orakha began his attack. Now, her

figure sped forward, never looking back.

"Attack!" Orakha shouted as all the Empyrean Tusks spread out, erecting enough distance between each other. An instant later, a cyclone formed in the region as 102 Empyrean Tusks

appeared at the same time.

[Hahahahaha! Now, that's a festival!]

Yarsha Zahara heard Brangara's excited laugh in her mindspace as she focused, leaping towards the cyclone to face 102 moving mountains.



Chapter 745: Shattering Heavens, Rupturing Earth

﻿

[Now, that's a festival!]

Brangara's excited shout influenced her as Yarsha Zahara's face broke into a ravenous smile. Prana shocks burst out of her being in stacked layers of twenty, boosting her speeds to whole new levels. She then lunged, covering more than a kilometre, resulting in a series of violent wind blades at the end of her jump path.

Astral World-Prana Shock x20!

Astral World-Shredded Lunge x20!

The thing about this was the fact that these were all Tangible Natures gathered by Brangara and selectively prepared for this battle. As a result, they weren't simple.

Every single Tangible Nature Shock Lizard was at the 10-Life Stage, cultivated to this level through Voracious Cultivator. The hardest part about using Voracious Cultivator was taking the step from the 10-Life Stage to a Minor Treasure. Due to the low chances of success, elevating even an Iron Grade Nature was a resource-intensive process.

There was a one-in-a-hundred chance of success, but that was just a general estimate. There was no guarantee of success. And if everything didn't align well within the stack, then Brangara would have to repeat the process hundreds of times and at worse, even do it a thousand times.

If given enough time and a surplus of resources, Brangara was capable of filling up his Astral World with Tangible Nature Minor Treasures. But even the Fourth Major Disaster would be long done by then.

Hence, he prepared to raise the stack of the Tangible Natures, bringing all his stockpile of Iron Grade Tangible Natures to the 10-Life Stage. This made the resulting power more treacherous, turning them relevant even against the strengthened Empyrean Tusks.

Prana began to gather at her palms as Yarsha Zahara used both Prana Shock and Shredded Lunge to turn her body, rapidly spinning as she activated the most cost-effective destructive ability in her arsenal.

Astral World-Eddy Blade X20!

All the Tangible Natures of Bludders were at the 10-Life Stage too, allowing her to create stronger Eddy Blades. Prana condensed into a thin blade that extended to a length of 180 metres from both hands, shimmering with a suffocating presence.

"Hmph!" She grunted and cut through the cyclone blocking her, coming face to face with the image of majestic mountains moving about within the rotary cluster of clouds. Eyes emanating fear and hatred brimmed within the swirling mass of clouds as the air thundered with the violence radiating from their presence.

Lightning flashed across the space, followed by echoes of thunder many seconds later. The sheer grandeur they exuded was alarming, even for the current her, 'There's a genuine reason a large number of both Free Humans and Pranic Beasts worship them as Deities!'

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast-Empyrean Tusk!

For a moment, she compared the beings before her to her children, 'Only after becoming Boar Kings are they a match. But even then, I don't see a possibility of them besting an Empyrean Tusk in a one-on-one battle.'

A moment's thought later, she understood the reason they were so desperate to flee, going to such dangers to head as far away from the Varahan Empire as possible, 'They only fear husband, no one else.'

She understood it clearly. Even if she were to reach the peak of the Body Stage, her physical might wasn't enough to harm an Empyrean Tusk. She would have to constantly be on the run, using her superior agility to pace up and down the body of an Empyrean Tusk while constantly damaging it until it fell to its knees.

It would take her a while to take down a single Empyrean Tusk. It was because she was a Free Human, with her physical might being the weakest at her Grade. 'If husband wasn't here, I would have already died by now. I have too many weaknesses.'

She was fully aware of reality and played to her strengths. Yarsha Zahara focused on the closest Empyrean Tusk and churned the Nature of Piezo Response to its limit to absorb most of the shockwave unleashed from the latter's trumpet.

She kicked the ground and flickered towards the closest Empyrean Tusk, 'I'll have to whittle them one by one!'

She placed her attention to the Astral World of Brangara fused into her body, focusing on the Tangibles Natures of Decaleech that were ready, 'Once I'm in range, I'll use them.'

The distance between the two reduced sharply as Yarsha Zahara readied another pair of Eddy Blades when suddenly, her eyes widened, feeling her concentration straining to the maximum, observing lightning bolts shimmer in the region, flickering to and fro as they rapidly increased in number to a hundred in a second.

And then, they funnelled into the bluish-white Human Avatar who stood on the ground, causing him to spark in the darkness. Lightning bolts flickered across his eyes as he stared at Yarsha Zahara, clenched the muscles in his legs and vanished.

"What?" A large amount of power funnelled into her thanks to her Primary Nature, but Yarsha Zahara was in a state of shock, observing that she had lost her left hand in the blink of an eye.

Three kilometres away, crashing into the ground, unable to control his speed was Orakha, gasping as cracks formed on his Human Avatar, unable to withstand the sheer burden that arrived with travelling as a bolt of lightning.

Fragments cracked and fell of his Human Avatar when Mystic Eaters jutted out and gobbled them, rapidly building up the broken areas. His arms were in the shape of the mouths of Mystic Eaters, with one of them holding Yarsha Zahara's left arm.

"Haah...It's impossible to control this build." He muttered and tapped his chest, causing Mystic Eaters to burst out of his Human Avatar and eat it up, rapidly rebuilding the minerals to take on the form of a greyish-red Human Avatar.

The energy absorbed from the lightning bolts wafted out of him as heat and set the region on fire, preparing to face Yarsha Zahara once again. Mystic Eaters burst out of his chest and chewed into Yarsha Zahara's severed arm, consuming all the pieces of Sumatra Gold forming

it.

He stared at its centre, "As I suspected."

He grinned at Yarsha Zahara, "You Human Avatar is built only into the skin and parts of your skeleton. You haven't yet reached the peak of the Body Stage."

"How many..." Her lips trembled for a moment before veins popped all over her face, "How many times will you steal my possessions..."

Boom!

Words paused in her mouth as a humanoid mountain landed behind her, reaching a height of

1.6 kilometres, covered by a bony exoskeleton. The chest region resembled the face of an Empyrean Tusk while the limbs were that of a human.

The pair of human hands, covered by a gauntlet of bone made using the tusks of an Empyrean Tusk held onto a long shaft, the head of which was a massive hammer, unreasonably heavy

thanks to the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Secondary Nature-Kinesis Lantern Deity!

When activated in Pranic Beast form, it morphed the body into a humanoid version of the same. The face of this humanoid mountain resembled Rhanalla, wearing a helmet that resembled the skull of her Empyrean Tusk form.

A pair of tusks elongated alongside her jawline, protecting her vulnerable part on the skull. Her grip on the shaft tightened as she hollered, bringing the hammer down, "Die!"

There was silence for a second as the downward swing of the hammer exceeded the speed of

sound and rammed into the ground. A shockwave rippled through the earth, causing a quake that spread out for dozens of kilometres, rupturing the earth into multiple, triangular fragments, with large portions of it spilling into the sky as the momentum escaped across every loosely packed region.

A second later, a thunderclap resounded across the region, audible far and wide.

Thousand kilometres away, the five Free Human Kings gathered atop a manmade tower reaching a height of two kilometres, created just to witness whatever was happening at their original homes, as warned by the Transcendents.

The thighs of each trembled as they stared at the massive cyclone that had enveloped their home region, flickering with lightning and accompanied by rhythmic thunder. Every few seconds, a faint hammering sound reached their ears.

"What...is that?"

"Is that...the sounds of someone hammering?"

"How is that possible?" The third King muttered in absolute shock, "We're a thousand kilometres away. How is it possible for such...eerie sounds to reach us?"

"And..." He continued in terror, "Why is it continuing without pause. What kind of existence

is it that can take such...relentless hits that can be heard all the way out here?

"Whatever it is, there's a reason our Transcendent desperately warned us to flee." The last

King said with a tone of resignation, "If Transcendents fought on Sumatra..."

He stared at the flickering flashes of lightning, flinching every time he heard a hammering

noise, "This is how terrifying it would be."

Boom! Boom! Boom!

"Die! Die! Die!" Rhanalla raised her hammer and stared at the figure of Yarsha Zahara

smacked in the centre of the crater. Without an instant of rest, she brought down her hammer

for another swing. Blood burst out of her arms like lasers due to the sheer muscular pressure she was harnessing through Internal Inertial Gravity.

Her arms felt like they were about to fall off any moment as she continued the onslaught. She grunted and brought down another attack, grunting as her hammer vaporised. Shockwaves travelled through the shaft and into her arms, rapidly vaporising everything along their path.

If left as is, they would travel throughout her body and kill her. She short-circuited Internal

Inertial Gravity at her arm socket and burst the part, detaching the arms from the rest of her body.

She watched as the pair of arms vaporised as the resultant shockwaves rammed into her body, causing her to tumble back and fall with thunderous roar, with most of her exoskeleton armour shattering in response.

"Bitch!" A bloody Yarsha Zahara roared, having used all the shockwaves that she had stored in

her power of Piezo Response and Reservoir.

She got up as her injuries swiftly healed. But right in response to it, Orakha approached her

and grabbed her arms, headbutting her. "That won't work!"

"Let's see," Orakha roared with a suicidal expression as twenty Empyrean Tusks in human

form encircled them, inhaled a deep breath, and trumpeted, blasting the shockwaves dead

centre onto the both of them.

Kurralalaa!



Chapter 746: I Alone Am Absolute

﻿

Astral World-Piezo Response x10!

Yarsha Zahara activated ten Natures of Twi Shocker, each of which had been elevated to at least the 5-Life Stage. She had to resort to this because the Gold Grade Nature of Piezo- Response originated from a Mutated Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Therefore, its Nature couldn't be collected by Brangara. As a result, the Gold Grade Piezo Response and Reservoir were something Yarsha Zahara collected through her Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection and stored in her Minor Treasures of Lunchbox.

She had used up a majority of its power earlier and saved up the remainder for when she gained a window of opportunity. Until then, she planned to rely on the Silver Grade Natures of Piezo Response.

The shockwaves from the Empyrean Tusk trumpet slammed into her as her Human Avatar soaked them immediately, following which she transmitted them into Orakha through the point of contact in their arms.

"You'll die!" She roared, healing the internal damage she had sustained. A small portion of the shockwaves had impacted her, being at a level beyond what her ten Natures of Piezo Response could absorb. But everything she had absorbed was transferred into Orakha.

"Hahaha!" Orakha roared in response as his Human Avatar turned a shade of yellow, translucent in nature. The shockwaves coursed through his Human Avatar from each arm as they moved through his chest, avoiding each other like immiscible liquids.

The shockwave originating from his left arm flowed through the upper half of his chest and entered the right arm. Similarly, the shockwave originating from the right arm travelled through the lower half of his chest and entered the left arm.

And then, they rippled into Yarsha Zahara's arms, stunning her.

"You..." His expression became sharp as Orakha chuckled, "You have no idea what a conductor is, right?"

"What?" she muttered as her body trembled while Piezo Response absorbed all the shockwaves.

"A portion of it impacted you since your Piezo Response is at its limit already." Orakha muttered as more Empyrean Tusks leapt into the scene, assuming Empyrean Tusk forms to unleash stronger shockwaves, "And I'm constantly circulating shockwaves through your Human Avatar at its limit. What do you think will happen if even more shockwaves are fed into the mix?"

"Dammit!" Yarsha Zahara lifted her leg and kicked Orakha, intending to send him flying away. However, he lifted his leg in response and countered her with a kick of his own, unwilling to let go of his hold over her arms.

The shockwaves slammed into them and circulated through the bodies of the two, constantly increasing in intensity as they went beyond the limits of Piezo Response, until they couldn't handle the load anymore.

Boom!

Brangara appeared behind Orakha and grabbed him by the shoulder and grunted, ripping apart his arms before kicking him away. At the same time, Yarsha Zahara used the last of her power of Reservoir to barely avoid death.

"You are one hell of a rat, Brangara." Orakha staggered back from the kick as he replaced his body, assuming a pristine state while his other body began to heal. He patted his chest and turned his Human Avatar gold, assuming the power of a Brimgan Royal. "You almost watched your wife die twice. As I suspected."

"You don't love her."

"You're too late in trying to sow discord between the both of us." Brangara snorted as he assumed Celestial Boar form and erected a rocky platform underneath him.

Astral World-Rocky Intimidation x12!

Followed by a golden flash, Yarsha Zahara landed on his right shoulder, gasping as she began to heal her injuries, noticing cracks covering her Human Avatar.

Kurralala!

Shockwaves from Empyrean Tusks slammed into the Celestial Boar, rattling its body when the quartet of Rhanalla, Nitalla, Wrunnala, and Meshlla in humanoid Pranic Beast forms approached close, swinging their bone hammers at him.

"Focus on absorbing their Natures alone," Brangara muttered as he opened his mouth slightly as Yarsha Zahara fled into the buccal cavity. Her Spirit Weapon punctured a hole through his teeth, using it as a peephole to observe the ongoing battle and a path through which the stream of Prana churning psychokinesis to her Spirit Weapon could pass through.

Her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon remained ready to absorb the product of Natures as Brangara leapt into the sky using Shredded Lunge. He escaped the blows as Prana surged through the horns littering his body.

Astral World-Comet x20!

His horns were refined as Comets, severing themselves from his body as they launched themselves into the four Empyrean Tusks, resulting in a series of thunderous bombardments.

Rhanalla's exoskeleton churned like a fluid as she gathered large amounts of it on the targeted spots. Fragments of her exoskeleton spilled out as the Comets struck with power, almost causing her to tumble.

She diverted the force throughout her body using Internal Inertial Gravity and steadied herself, churning all the boost in psychokinesis gained from her Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity into her hammer as she leapt into the sky and targeted Brangara.

"The Second Empyrean Tusk," Brangara exclaimed as he grinned while facing Rhanalla. He extended his arm towards her and launched close to forty spikes as Comets while a hammer slammed into his shoulder and sent him ramming into the ground.

"Argh!" Rhanalla had just completed her swing when she felt a strange influence coursing through her body, slowing down her movements and gradually stunning her into inactivity. 'W-What is happening?'

She tried to move, realising that she had become a lot slower than before. Moreover, as she extended her feet forward, her leg came to a halt midair, no longer budging an inch further.

Astral World-Statue x40!

The Nature of Statue originated from the Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, Petrified Geese from the Varahan Enclave. It halted one's body functions to the maximum, turning them no different from a statue to the senses of others.

In the forty spikes that Brangara had unleashed, hiding within thirty-nine was a Tangible Nature of Petrified Geese, elevated to the 10-Life Stage. And finally, the last one was his

trump card.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure-Statue!

Upon fusing with Rhanalla's body, the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Statue exerted its influence, rapidly stiffening her. Only one Tangible Nature could fuse with a body, irrespective of its Grade. That was a limitation.

However, that limitation didn't apply to an Empyrean Tusk, since it carried multiple biomes.

Every spike slammed into Rhanalla after a slight delay. When the first spike hit her and shattered, the Tangible Nature of Petrified Geese hiding within made contact with her exoskeleton and fused with her body.

It then materialised in her heart biome, right when a second spike slammed into her. One after another, the Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese fused with her body and manifested in her heart biome, grouping together.

The final one to fuse with her was the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Statue, which spread its influence throughout the body. Minor Treasures were capable of influencing living beings, which worked perfectly in this case.

This influence spread through the 39 Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese too and seeped their power in the sea of blood contained in the heart biome, affecting the Spirit Container, which was why Rhanalla's movements halted so quickly.

"Go!" Brangara spat with force as Yarsha Zahara landed on Rhanalla's stiffened face.

"Hello there!" She grinned and began to absorb Rhanalla's blood.

Astral World-Bloody Affection x12!

She didn't have the Natures, but she had absorbed a good portion of the power of Astral World

and Bloody Affection, allowing her to unleash the same effect even without Brangara being fused into her body.

Rhanalla's blood flowed into her mouth as her digestive system kicked into overdrive, causing her to moan at the sheer richness of the blood, "As expected of the second strongest Empyrean Tusk. This blood alone is on par with an Elixir!"

Her figure darted across Rhanalla's body as she evaded attacks from other Empyrean Tusks,

her eyes glinting as she brought out the Minor Treasure of Kinesis Feline, grinning, "Now that I have such a large reserve of Prana..."

Prana condensed in the mouth of the golden feline and exploded forth as a beam, slamming

into an Empyrean Tusk standing five kilometres away, having been targeting her with shockwaves all along.

The bone forming its exoskeleton churned to form a shield as the beam slammed into it and

began to puncture through it, the force behind it gradually pushing the Empyrean Tusk backward. Its massive body skid a dozen metres every second from the sheer force of the

beam, unable to handle it a couple of seconds later as the Empyrean Tusk assumed human form to jump to safety.

'That consumed eight hundred units of my Mystic Grade Prana.' Yarsha Zahara thought,

feeling a mild ache in her heart, 'But I can endure this expenditure without much stress.'

"Good," She muttered and unleashed another beam into a farther Empyrean Tusk.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

In the meantime, the Celestial Boar left behind near the border had caught up to the group, its steps thundering. Air churned across its body with the power of Subtle Terrain Domination as it used Shredded Lunge to leap once and used the sheer defensive strength of its body to tank

hundreds of attacks.

Its horns transformed into Satellites to protect its body while a portion of them transformed

into Comets to rain down on the humanoid Empyrean Tusks.

Kaboom!

A massive rock pillar burst out of the ground, unleashing a powerful suppressive effect, only

to be dispersed a second later as an Empyrean Tusk shattered it and blew the fragments dozens of kilometres away.

A golden Mystic Eater approached it sneakily and accelerated into its chest when the Celestial

Boar assumed human form, grunting as he spat out blood. He immediately assumed Celestial Boar form and healed the damage, shooting a hundred ripples of Prana Shock to slow down

the golden Mystic Eater's approach.

"You're extremely annoying!" The Celestial Boar roared as it shot hundreds of Comets at

Orakha. It condensed a rock pillar and threw it in his direction like a javelin, watching Orakha expertly evade the attacks despite the suppressive force.

But a moment later, the Celestial Boar charged towards Rhanalla, alarming everyone.

"Stop him!" Orakha roared as he hurriedly tapped his chest and turned his Human Avatar bluish-white. Immediately in response, hundreds of lightning bolts slammed into him, following which he transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed at the Celestial Boar, only

to explode into bits an instant later.

Astral World-Kinesis Deity!

Astral World-Subtle Terrain Domination x8!

"I was prepared to use this only when the opportunity was perfect." The Celestial Boar

opened its mouth to chuckle in excitement, as the region in a radius of 1.8 kilometres around

it was now a part of its absolute territory.

The sheer solidification of the air acted as an unmovable barrier, which was what resulted in

Orakha's death. His momentum crushed him.

"You see, I came fully prepared for this fight." The Celestial Boar grinned while staring at the

figure of Yarsha Zahara standing proudly on the shoulder of Rhanalla, "My wife had to take a beating just so that I could have a full grasp of everyone's abilities."

"All of you have become extremely strong," He said as heavy air pressed down upon everyone

within a range of 1.8 kilometres from himself. This range doubled immediately as the second body stepped into the range and fused with the body, assuming a stack of two bodies.

The 2-Life Stage Celestial Boar stopped before Rhanalla and gently caressed the latter's face,

"Oh, how I wanted to swallow you."

"Since the day I laid my eyes upon you, my hunger remained unquenched." His lips curled

into a ravenous grin, all while ignoring the Spirit Weapons of the Empyrean Tusks that were

unable to reach him, "It's no use. I've already verified this at the Dralh Sea against the Empyrean Snappers."

"When I use eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, I become absolute." He slightly

applied force, shaving off the helmet covering Rhanalla, "A shame that I cannot experience that feeling through Internal Inertial Gravity once again. But no matter,"

He opened his mouth and chomped upon Rhanalla's head, biting off a large chunk as he

relished her expression of terror, "You shouldn't have resisted. Aren't you guys painfully aware by now that you cannot resist me?"

"So," He opened his mouth to grab another bite, eating through Rhanalla's head in a matter of seconds, "Just become my meal, alright?"



Chapter 747: Run, Wrunnala! Kill Him!

﻿

"Delicious!" The Celestial Boar roared in ecstasy at the sublime taste, "Again and again, I'm reminded..."

"Of how great an Empyrean Tusk tastes!" He revealed his bloody teeth and laughed, "And now, with three Natures, your taste has gotten even richer!"

"Dammit!" Orakha cursed as he constantly changed his Human Avatar and strengthened his Mystic Eater, causing it to rapidly consume the heavy air in its path and speed towards the Celestial Boar. After falling to the Body Stage, he had to exert greater force to be as dangerous as before when he was at the 2-Life Stage.

'His attacks can reach me even through my absolute state?' The Celestial Boar's eyes widened to see the golden Mystic Eater rapidly approaching him, 'It's not as fast as before, but it's still as fast as the Spirit Weapon of a Brimgan Royal.'

'But no matter, I can strengthen my defence further.' He thought as in response, particles present in the air rapidly swarmed the golden Mystic Eater and formed a layer over it, slowing it down further.

Astral World-Imprison!

Once imprisoned, the golden Mystic Eater couldn't move its body. But as it was still a Spirit Weapon, Orakha could continue to move it. However, the layer of dust attached to it acted as the Celestial Boar's Spirit Weapon, causing the latter to unleash psychokinesis upon it too.

"Yarsha," The Celestial Boar said as Yarsha Zahara immediately sent her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon flying, intending to make the golden Mystic Eater hers. But right as the two Spirit Weapons were about to make contact, the golden Mystic Eater exploded.

"There's nothing you can do, Orakha. Not alone," The Celestial Boar muttered as it took another chomp of Rhanalla. But right as he had taken a bite, a second body of Rhanalla appeared.

The ten strongest Empyrean Tusks had already entered the 2-Life Stage. And when Rhanalla was trapped thanks to the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Statue and the 39 Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese, she waited for her opportunity.

Right as her first body got killed, she appeared nearby. Since the body turned still thanks to the Minor Treasure and 39 Tangible Natures was dead, there was no connection that would influence the second body.

Thereby, even if her first body remained within her Spirit Weapon range, she wasn't affected. It was why she waited until her first body died before appearing. And right as she did, she collapsed the space in her biomes.

Her body was pulled to her centre of mass and turned into a point-blank spherical mass. Gravity intensified due to the mass concentration, sparking a fusion reaction in the centre that caused it to turn into a sun for the fraction of a second.

Boom!

A violent solar flare slammed into the Celestial Boar who raised its arms in defence, eyes blanking for an instant from the sheer heat and light. A second later, the Celestial Boar kneeled on the ground, its body charred black.

However, the injury wasn't life-threatening. Prana surged through the body and rapidly healed the damage. In the meantime, the Celestial Boar swapped its body with an uninjured one, getting up immediately after.

"It hurt, but that's it." The Celestial Boar said as tens of thousands of Satellites fell from its body, "I won't die to the same attack a second time."

It then picked up the compressed mass and chucked it into its mouth, "Tastes like a burnt piece of flesh, but it will do too."

The Celestial Boar's stomach rumbled in response as its Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator worked in full swing, digesting everything of value from Rhanalla's two corpses. And then, followed by a thunderous roar, it released a powerful fart, ejecting all the soil and other inedible substances that had once been part of Rhanalla's biomes.

"Onto the next one!" The Celestial Boar watched as Yarsha Zahara was busy digesting the blood obtained from Rhanalla to digest the damage sustained from the latter's final attack. Placing her on its shoulder, it leapt onto the closest Empyrean Tusk.

"Kill! Kill him!" Wrunnala roared and slammed with her hammer, only able to pierce four hundred metres through the absolute dome surrounding the Celestial Boar. To land an attack on the latter, she would have to waddle through a distance of 3.6 kilometres where the air would constantly weigh down on her and push her away.

And even if she manages to reach all the way to the centre, the strength remaining in her blows wouldn't even scratch the Celestial Boar. After all, even without Subtle Terrain Domination being in her way, Wrunnala would have to attack the Celestial Boar with a series of full-powered hits to injure the latter.

The situation was depressing, especially since the Celestial Boar had enough Prana to last for a while after consuming Rhanalla. It was why Brangara had activated Subtle Terrain Domination only when he judged to get the opportunity to swallow an Empyrean Tusk right after making use of it.

Otherwise, even with all the preparations, including the Natures stored in the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor that could serve as a reservoir of Prana, the Celestial Boar will run on fumes in a matter of seconds.

Kurralala!

Fierce gales accompanied by intense shockwaves rammed into the dome around the Celestial Boar as the Empyrean Tusks coupled their attacks, planning to exhaust their enemy's Prana

reserves.

The strongest Empyrean Tusks were 1.6-kilometre-tall humanoid giants now, their hammers bombarding the dome and causing violent ripples throughout it.

Boom! Boom! Kaboom!

"Husband..." Yarsha Zahara became worried as the Empyrean Tusks began to combine their attacks in sync, acting as a team. And every attack from them stressed Brangara's mind, even if he didn't show it. 'Controlling eight Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination atop the influence from its other Natures should be taking a serious toll on his mind.'

[It's nothing I can't handle. While I'm focused on the Empyrean Tusks, keep a watch on Orakha.]

Her eyes widened as Brangara communicated with her through an Information Slip. From the beginning, she hadn't lost sight of Orakha, aware that he could counter her easily. And in their short fight, she came close to death twice, even in a situation where she was being supported

by Brangara.

Boom!

The Celestial Boar rushed into the closest Empyrean Tusk, hurling needle-shaped tornadoes at the latter. Slabs of bone behaving as Satellites mixed within the exoskeleton in its battle state and guarded the Empyrean Tusk.

However, like a sawtooth cutting through slabs of wood, the tornadoes drilled through the defences systematically. The ground also hardened and transformed into spikes to bombard the Empyrean Tusk.

Thunderous sounds resounded rapidly for a few seconds before the Empyrean Tusk trembled,

finding it hard to move anymore as it entered the Spirit Weapon range of the Celestial Boar. Moreover, similar to Rhanalla, the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Statue had fused with her body, followed by 39 Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese.

"Thank you for the mean..." Brangara had just opened his mouth in an effort to bite down on the Empyrean Tusk's head when the eyes of the latter burst open and spilling out of it was a horde of Mystic Eaters.

"Husband!" Yarsha Zahara shrieked in shock as the Mystic Eaters spilt into the Celestial Boar's mouth and drilled into his flesh, quickly hiding there to avoid her Spirit Weapon.

But right as her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon intended to chase after them, a golden Mystic Eater rapidly drilled through the Spirit Weapon range of the Celestial Boar, targeting its chest.

"Dammit!" She had no other choice but to take defensive action because the Celestial Boar's mind was too occupied now. It wasn't able to use the Nature of Imprison fast enough to hinder the golden Mystic Eater.

'I have to kill at least her.' Orakha thought with focus, 'They are able to protect the weaknesses of each other, which reduces our means of resistance. As long as I manage to kill her, then a lot of weaknesses will open up for the Celestial Boar.'

'Even if we fail here, others can take advantage of it.' He let out a deep breath, not thinking about revival, for his goal was to ensure Maroppa could survive. As long as he manages to ensure her safety, he can reunite with her in the future, no matter how long that takes, since he would have to travel through the land route of Sumatra.

Without Maroppa's assistance, reaching the Manu Enclave would be impossible as the Sandy-

Grey Void wasn't manoeuvrable for him or anyone else.

"This will be my final attack," He muttered and began to tap his chest.

Tertiary Nature-Mystic Eater!

Mystic Eaters jutted out of his Human Avatar and began to make modifications. Taking

centre, the place of the heart was the Sumatra Gold as usual. He had eight pieces in him at the

moment, most of which were gained from Yarsha Zahara's arm that he had consumed during the fight.

Surrounding the pieces of Sumatra Gold were minerals sources from the Influenced Region of Golden Deity, 'I need speed, as much as possible.'

'And something that will trigger even if she manages to absorb it.' He thought, beginning to build an unstable Human Avatar, 'Once it starts the countdown, it cannot be stopped.'

Like a building that had begun to collapse, it wouldn't stop even if the owners changed.

Orakha's Human Avatar turned sky blue, with arching shades of violet. The majority of the minerals he stored in his Human Avatar were related to heat, sound, plasma, and minerals from the Influenced Region of Golden Giant.

He focused on his fastest mode, one where he could become a bolt of lightning with the

mouth of a Mystic Eater. It was his most offensive mode but the control and defensive aspects

were abysmal. 'I just need a small window.'

Mystic Bone Art-Bone Slip!

He contacted Wrunnala, the 10th Empyrean Tusk who stood near him in human form, keeping

him safe from the artillery strike that the Celestial Boar continued to launch every few

seconds, for that was the most damaging to an Empyrean Tusk.

[Release everyone!]

Wrunnala was confused by his statement.

[The Mammoth Clansmen aren't strong. Besides, their attacks would only be absorbed by

Yarsha Zahara!]

[That's alright. I need a distraction. So, release everyone, including the Bone Vipers! And tell

all the big sisters to use all their lanterns. I only need a moment's window to kill Yarsha!]

The Empyrean Tusk was silent for a moment before nodding in response, aware that the longer she delayed, the more her brethren would become the Celestial Boar's food. She inhaled a deep breath before unleashing a strong trumpet, following which she assumed Empyrean Tusk form.

[I'll forge a path for you!]

Wrunnala said as she spat out all her Mammoth Clansmen and Bone Vipers, raining them

down everywhere. Without a moment's hesitation, everyone bombarded the Celestial Boar's

dome.

"Be careful!" Yarsha Zahara said in a hurry as her eyes darted around in a fluster, "I lost sight

of Orakha. I cannot detect him anymore."

"If necessary, use the Kinesis Feline for defence. It's not as important as our lives." The

Celestial Boar muttered softly and gobbled another Empyrean Tusk, grunting in pain as there was an outbreak of Mystic Eaters in its body, consuming it from the insides.

Its Prana served as their nutrition, allowing them to multiply in large numbers, 'I need to do

something about them before I'm done for!'

The Celestial Boar harnessed Subtle Terrain Domination into its body, manipulating the

blood to form blades that served the Mystic Eaters. However, the resources of its body were too nutrient-rich. After a single gulp, a Mystic Eater grew enough to multiply into four individuals, increasing their population exponentially, faster than the rate at which they were getting killed.

"Now!" After every Empyrean Tusk brought out the entirety of their respective Mammoth Clan, causing everyone to bombard attacks on the Celestial Boar, Wrunnala roared and charged straight into its absolute dome.

Wind shredded its exoskeleton in a matter of seconds as its bloody self rushed in further. Right in response, hundreds of storage lanterns landed on the dome, opening their vacuum entrances to suck in the ambient air, reducing the density of air within the dome.

"Run, Wrunnala!" Nitalla shrieked as she collapsed her gravity and turned into a miniature

sun, bombarding the Celestial Boar with a solar flare.

One after another, the Empyrean Tusks committed suicide, stretching the Celestial Boar's

concentration to the limit, allowing Wrunnala to reach the centre and ram into her opponent,

bellowing at her hardest, "Now!"

"Orakha!"



Chapter 748: She Dies, He Regrets

﻿

"Yarsha!" The Celestial Boar shouted as Wrunnala slammed into it and caused it to skid back by hundreds of metres. Followed by a grunt, it strengthened Subtle Terrain Domination, grinding through Wrunnala's body further, resulting in geysers of blood mixed amid splinters of bone.

Large pieces of earth condensed into spikes and flew towards Wrunnala, only to be sucked in by the storage lanterns that were rapidly sucking up everything, their numbers crossing a thousand by now.

Moreover, every single miniature sun that had appeared unleashed its respective gravitational pull, tugging the dome erected by the Celestial Boar, weakening it to the limit.

Yarsha Zahara's Kinesis Feline gathered Prana into its mouth, condensed it into a sphere and unleashed a beam at Wrunnala, slamming it into the latter's forehead. Followed by whirring sounds, it began to penetrate the latter, spurting blood.

"Now," Wrunnala's trunk pointed in the direction of Yarsha Zahara and breathed out with all its might, sending a heavy projectile filled with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity flying out. "Orakha!"

"This is the end!" Orakha bellowed as he held a bluish-crimson Mystic Eater with shimmering gold eyes. The entirety of his Prana seeped into it as he launched it towards Yarsha Zahara, "You're dead, Yarsha!"

As the concentration of everyone was raised to the extreme, time seemed to slow down to a crawl. The expression of tension sported by Yarsha Zahara morphed into one of confidence, her mouth parting open to word subtly, not producing any sound, but her lip movements conveyed the sentence to Orakha in his heightened state, "You've taken action after collating all my abilities, which is something I know you excel at. But, that's where you've failed, Orakha."

Prana churned through her body and spread out in the shape of a dome, one expanding to a range of 1.8 kilometres, "I haven't revealed my everything."

Nature-Kinesis Deity!

Nature-Inhibition Dome!

Yarsha Zahara activated the Primary Nature of a Brimgan Royal and the Secondary Nature of a Millinger. Inhibition Dome could suppress all external abilities reliant on Prana, including psychokinesis applied on a Spirit Weapon.

And she had unleashed it right as Orakha's bluish-crimson Mystic Eater was within her range. Her lips curled into a smile as blood trickled down the orifices of Orakha due to the strain as he lost control over his Spirit Weapon.

In habit, her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon flew towards the bluish-crimson Mystic Eater, her face brimming in victory, "Now, your strongest power is mine..."

Right as her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon made contact with the bluish-crimson Mystic Eater and gained possession over it, her face paled in response, realising what it was.

Human Avatar-Karmic Explosion!

The Nature of Karmic Explosion was an extremely simple ability. It was a final-ditch effort where all the Prana of a being was condensed in the fraction of a second to unleash a powerful explosion. The sheer force generated as a result was capable of wounding even a higher Grade existence.

However, the problem with it was that it truly was a last-ditch effort. The sheer amount of Prana that had to be gathered in the Spirit Container was too much. A Bludder needs to condense 300 units of Prana to unleash an Eddy Blade, which itself was an extreme amount, so much so that without its insane spin, it couldn't generate that amount without the relevant stress shattering its Spirit Container.

The Royal Zinger's Biome Bomb was one of the most expensive Natures, requiring 1000 units of Prana, which took time to gather and condense, which was why Inala always moved around with an existing bunch and didn't bother condensing them mid-battle.

And even if he did, he would plan them well in advance and constantly accumulate the necessary Prana while buying time for the same. But with Karmic Explosion, that wasn't an option.

All the Prana possessed by the individual would be instantly concentrated in the Spirit Container to result in an explosion. The Spirit Container would shatter in response.

Every time Orakha committed suicide in a battle to result in a powerful explosion, he used Karmic Explosion. However, his Human Avatar was built to unleash the power of Selectively Permeable Plasma, which was why the resultant explosion only affected the intended target.

But since the plan was for Yarsha Zahara to absorb it first, Orakha removed the Selectively Permeable Plasma portion and instead kept a cooldown.

"You see..." Orakha muttered as most of his Human Avatar shattered due to the load, "I had already activated it. It was absorbing my Prana to explode. But right before it was completed, you gained possession of it."

"I'll curse...youuuuu!" It was too late by the time Yarsha Zahara understood what was happening as an intense pain spiked in her chest, following which she lost consciousness.

"Good...bye..." Orakha said, eyes widening to see the Celestial Boar panickily swallowing Yarsha Zahara and closing its mouth shut. And an instant later...

The Celestial Boar's head exploded!

"It's not over yet!" The 8th Empyrean Tusk, Trulla shouted as the explosion sent her skidding back by four kilometres. The weaker Empyrean Tusks were sent flying every further.

Some of them in their Empyrean Tusk forms rolled across the ground, forming large trenches enough to carve majestic rivers while the ones in humanoid forms formed craters large enough to form lakes.

Internal Inertial Gravity worked in full swing as Trulla reverted to human form and kicked the ground, following which she raced towards the dome that still existed, noticing a pair of legs standing amidst a sea of blood that had formed into a thundercloud.

Volatile Prana swirled around, condensing to such density they formed bolts of lightning. They weren't lightning but concentrated Prana behaving as such. Within such a cloud was a pair of legs, deeply entrenched into the ground.

Everything from above the hip was no more, pulverised to form the blood cloud. And standing on the pelvic bone, in a state of disbelief amidst flickering bolts of lightning was Brangara, in

human form.

"This...is impossible! It's a nightmare, right?" His hands trembled as he stared at murky geysers of scorched blood sprouting out of the Celestial Boar's hips. The fact that one body of his had been completely blown off from the upper body didn't come as a shock. He had expected to die once as even he couldn't guarantee to remain unfazed while facing over a hundred Empyrean Tusks.

However, he hadn't expected this. Even though she had come close to death twice in the battle before this, it was just that. There was always a solution to save her life. And even now, it

remains the same.

However, even in his wildest dreams, he had never expected Yarsha Zahara's strongest power

to be her undoing. "A...self-destructive Nature was what took her out?"

Shock! Disbelief! Rage! Sadness!

But the greatest emotion he felt was one of regret, 'I should have fought alone!'

His eyes turned moist as he focused on Astral World to see a human woman appear, her expression laden in confusion before realisation set in. Her shoulders drooped as she came to terms with reality, curling her arms around her legs while she assumed a crouched form. And

then...

"Aaarghhh!" She began to cry.

Tangible Nature-Yarsha Zahara!

Orakha's attack resulted in her death. If the Celestial Boar hadn't consumed her at the last moment by activating its Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator, she would have vanished from Sumatra for good.

Even if she had managed to survive, Yarsha Zahara had been pretty much removed from the picture. She could only take action once more, which is when Brangara activates the Tangible Nature of Yarsha Zahara.

And just like every other Nature part of Astral World, once activated and no longer supplied with Prana, that would be the same as deactivating it, causing it to dissipate. Voracious Cultivator would naturally digest its remainder, using it as fuel.

'It's my fault!' Brangara gruntled, ripping apart his cheeks in rage, mostly towards himself, 'I could have hunted them better! My overconfidence resulted in this!'

'How...how many times would it take me to realise?' His ripped cheeks regenerated in the

fraction of a second as Brangara didn't even waste a second in self-admonition. 'Later! First, I

need to take care of everyone!'

He glared to his left and stared at the skeleton of Wrunnala. Most of its body had been vaporised from Karmic Explosion. Towards the knee of the rear leg, wrapped by crumbling layers of bone was Wrunnala in her human form.

As the 10th Empyrean Tusk, she too had reached the 2-Life Stage. She was already aware of Orakha's plan and had been prepared in advance. Right as Karmic Explosion was about to take effect, her trunk sucked in Orakha and sent him into her lung biome.

She appeared in the lung biome in her human form and rapidly erected as many layers of defence as possible around him, which was how they survived.

"Koff...koff!" Orakha gasped as he stared at the crumbling layers of bone around them. The

explosion had sent them all the way from the lung biome to the knee where they somehow managed to latch onto for survival.

"You...could have left me to die!" Orakha struggled to get up, too weak to move as he stared at

Wrunnala, "I can be revived."

"Shut up, Orakha." Wrunnala gasped as she let go of the bone shield she had been holding

before Orakha, "None of the Empyrean Tusks can kill Brangara. We can at most buy time. Only you,"

She coughed out blood, noticing cracks had formed on her Spirit Container, "Only you can make a difference. Aren't you the Orange Mystic Path?"

"The power of the Mystic Path is meant for my daughter," Orakha retorted as he stood up, supported by Wrunnala, "It's not like I gain anything from it."

"Ignore the specifics and focus on recovery," she said and poured an Elixir into his mouth,

"Rebuild your Human Avatar..."

"Truly...truly I must...say..." The crumbling layers of bone surrounding them were swatted

away as Brangara landed before the duo of Wrunnala and Orakha, his expression incensed as

he stared at Orakha, "I have never expected to become this angry."

"Isn't that why I told you to not target us?" He barely felt any strength in him, finding it hard

to even stand without Wrunnala's support. But his resolve was unwavering as Orakha argued, "Do you expect me to stand still and be killed by you?"

"Don't cry about the consequences of your actions, Brangara!" Orakha shouted, "You fucked

around and found out, as simple as that."

"Yeah?" Brangara slowly took a step forward, the veins on his arms blotting out, about to

rupture. But irrespective of how strong his hatred grew, despite all it taking a single hit from him to kill the duo before him, Brangara controlled himself.

Instead, he placed the Minor Treasure of Statue in Wrunnala's body and a Tangible Nature of

Petrified Geese in Orakha. His hands moved in a blur and patted the chests of the duo, stressing their Spirit Containers to the limit.

Bang!

With a tap, he caused the Spirit Containers of the duo to shatter, rendering them into mortals,

those unable to use any Prana. Brangara placed his hand on Wrunnala's chest and seeped his Prana into her, muttering after a couple of seconds, "Good, there are no biomes in you."

He retracted the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Statue from Wrunnala and placed a

Tangible Nature of Petrified Geese in her, "This is more than enough for the current you."

Hiss!

A group of Mystic Eaters jutted out of the Celestial Boar's legs and lunged at him, only to be shredded instantly. But as more of them began to come out, Brangara grabbed the duo of Orakha and Wrunnala and leapt away.

Seeing that they were unable to move thanks to the influence of the Tangible Nature of Petrified Geese, Brangara assumed Celestial Boar form.

He formed a cave in the bone jutting out of his chest and stuffed the duo there, closing up the

entrance immediately after. This way, he can carry them with him while continuing the fight. 'With the strongest variable taken care of, the rest are an eventuality.'

Observing Trulla rush through the dome of Subtle Terrain Domination, the Celestial Boar aimed its fist at her and unleashed Bone-Melting Artillery. "It's over!"

"As if!" Trulla roared, bringing her hammer down as her movements slowed down, arriving

to a halt soon. The Celestial Boar walked towards her and began to chomp upon her head, "Wrunnala is the strongest descendent of the Supreme Tusk."

"She alone is enough as a captive," With that, the Celestial Boar embarked upon a saddened

feast, "The rest of you are fuel..."

'To cultivate my Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers!'



Chapter 749: Treasure Collector

﻿

Manu Enclave!

"Run!"

"Take Cover!"

"Save us, Your Majesty!"

Flaming projectiles hailed down from the sky as the five Free Human Kings with Gold Grade strength raised defensive structures. Everyone part of their Kingdom with Gold Grade strength took to defence while the rest scurried to safety in a hurry.

Boom!

A blunt projectile that had once been sharp slammed into a defensive structure and melted through it. Only a small fragment of it remained as it melted through all the layers of defence and spilt onto a cultivator, eliciting painful screams as the latter collapsed into a puddle of molten flesh.

Every single one of these composite projectiles had been created by Brangara by mixing multiple material-based Natures-Prana Bomb, Bone-Melting Artillery, Rocky Intimidation, Comet, and Mud Ball.

The characteristics of each had been harmonised with each other through Subtle Terrain Domination, turning them into a deadly menace. Some of them that had missed their target flew across the sky for such large distances, with a majority of them burning thanks to friction.

But even the remainder caused chaos, instantly killing anyone unfortunate enough to come into contact.

"Your Majesty!" Even Silver Grade cultivators screamed in despair, "What is even happening?"

"Ignore it!" One of the Free Human Kings stated solemnly, focused on defence, 'A few, straggling projectiles have brought about such chaos and destruction. No wonder the Transcendent begged me to flee.'

He felt powerless, staring in the direction of the battle to hear fierce trumpets and bellowing snorts amidst a flurry of lightning and thunder. The tremors through earth reached all the way to their base situated 1000 kilometres from the battle.

'Just...what kind of existence is the Celestial Boar and what kind of enemies is it facing for the battle to rage on for so long?'

"Wait! Someone's coming this way!" One of the cultivators posted sentry shouted in alarm as everyone assumed battle stances.

The Free Human King noticed a three-metre-tall woman with ivory hair running in their direction, with tears streaming down her face in response to every thunderous trumpet she heard. Her steps were silent, leaving behind no footprints.

"Stop! Stay back!" The soldiers bellowed in alarm, charging up their Primary Natures when the King shouted.

"Stay!" He roared in a hurry, commanding soon after, "Make way. Don't interfere."

The Free Human King watched as the ivory-haired woman reached their encampment and leapt past a large group of people. As she rushed past the tower where the five Free Human Kings stayed, the one who had organised this mass evacuation muttered, his voice barely audible to her, "We're mere bystanders."

The ivory-haired woman bit her lips in response, her eyes expressing helplessness, understanding that even if she sought their help, the situation wouldn't change. These Free Human Kings weren't even strong enough to face her, not to mention the existence she was forced to flee from.

Less than a minute later, the ivory-haired woman was out of sight.

"Hah...!" One of the five Kings collapsed to the floor, breaking out in cold sweat, "W-Who was that? Is she...is she a Mystic Grade cultivator?"

"I...never expected to witness such a powerful existence in my life." Another King said before weakly leaning onto the wall.

"What exactly is happening that even such an existence has to flee?" The fourth King clenched his trembling arm, in disbelief, experiencing confusion amidst alarming bouts of despair.

"Who...are they?" The last of them asked the King who had been informed by a Transcendent to flee. "Did the Transcendent say anything?"

"The woman who ran past us isn't a Free Human, but a Deity prayed towards by many Free Human and Pranic Beasts communities across Sumatra Continent." The King took in a deep breath and nodded, "That's the Empyrean Tusk of legends."

"My goodness!" All the Kings exclaimed in shock, figuring out the full picture, since it was a famous story conveyed to them by the Transcendents many times in the past couple of millennia, "Then the Celestial Boar is..."

"The one this era has been named after," The King explained the cause continued, "It's the Empyrean Boar King who has evolved to become the Celestial Boar."

"An evolution in the Mystic Grade?" None of the Kings were able to comprehend the sheer absurdity of this fact.

"It seems to be that way," Letting out a gasp, the King concluded, "And now, the Celestial Boar is hunting the Empyrean Tusks."

Time passed in such a fashion as the thunderous trumpets stopped eventually. Two days later, the camp was covered by mist as the five Kings had huddled in their tower in worry.

"The visibility is zero!" One of the vexed Kings said.

"We won't even be able to defend against any stray attacks at this rate." Another King grunted before shouting, "Can't we beg our Transcendents to protect us?"

"I'm sure a Transcendent can dispatch the Celestial Boar..." The King stopped speaking, feeling as if he was being stared at by death itself. He stopped breathing, unable to budge an inch. But some force cranked his jaw, lifting his head up slightly to point his line of sight towards the man seated on the window of their tower, having appeared there at some point in time.

"A Transcendent?" The man's lips curled up to form a deranged smile, "Is a Transcendent going to become my enemy next?"

"We're mere mortals." The King contacted by a Transcendent gathered his bearings and bowed in a hurry, "Please don't pay heed to our words. It's worthless."

"Is you say so," The man shrugged and casually landed before the King, asking calmly, "Say, did you see a tall woman run past here?"

"She's someone stronger than the lot of you combined. So even if she was moving far away, you must still have sensed her billowing presence." The man said, inching close to the King whose knees gave out in response, unable to endure the stare.

"We...we don't wish to be involved. So all we know is that she ran past us." The King gasped as he revealed the truth.

"Good boy," Brangara patted the King's cheek, stretched himself a bit and leapt to the top of the tower. With a wave of his hand, the mist cleared away, allowing him to notice a Parute Tree growing a kilometre away.

A second grew two kilometres away while the third grew three kilometres away. The line

formed by the three Parute Trees pointed in the direction that Vhalla had fled towards. His expression was calm as Brangara stared at the sky for a moment, "Are you underestimating me, bitch?"

"I can figure out her whereabouts myself." Snorting in response, Brangara spat in the direction of the three Parute Trees, causing them to wilt in response as his figure blazed past.

The mist gradually cleared up in the region, revealing clear skies. It was a sign that the battle had ended, allowing the five Kings to judge that it was time to return to their homes.

They took more than twenty days for the return journey, arriving to see a desert greet them, sporting zero traces of what was once their home.

Land, mountains, lakes, rivers, kingdoms, etc. nothing was left behind. There was just an endless desert swirling large masses of Prana treacherous packets of presence. Everything of value had been destroyed, with the region having zero guarantee of returning

to normalcy.

"Our homes are...no more." The Kings stated in despair, but alas, that was all they could do, having stared at the culprit face-up, realising how terrifying the Celestial Boar was.

Even the fleeing individual, Vhalla was strong enough to destroy the combined might of their

five Kingdoms, not to mention the predator, the Celestial Boar.

"Please form groups with your friends and family." The Kings stated with a saddened tone,

"And migrate to any Kingdom that would accept you. That's all,"

"We're disbanding henceforth."

Around the same time, leaving the Manu Enclave to enter Sumatra Continent was Brangara,

still chasing after Vhalla. And while he continued his chase, the Tangible Natures of Bio-

Synthesis were working full-time to digest the Empyrean Tusks, including the cooled miniature suns that he had swallowed.

His reserve of Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers was down to 34, two less than what

was necessary to influence his body and passively emit the power of Subtle Terrain Domination. However, that wasn't an issue, which was why he used eight in the previous battle in the first place.

Primary Nature-Voracious Cultivator!

The fuel generated from digesting Empyrean Tusks—including their biomes-through Tangible Natures of Bio-Synthesis was funnelled into the Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers, cultivating them through the Life Stage.

The stacked power of Subtle Terrain Domination at the 2-Life Stage was superior to what Brangara gained from using two Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers.

Moreover, in this fight, he had been fighting using his body, instead of fusing with the body of a Tangible Nature and making it fight in his place. None of his Tangible Natures were strong enough to withstand a hit from the Empyrean Tusks, which prevented him from using

his strongest state.

Otherwise, with limited Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, he could have achieved the

same result. But as he was in his body, he ended up wasting eight Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers.

Through Voracious Cultivator, Brangara focused on first elevating a Tangible Nature of Empyrean Snapper to the 3-Life Stage, at which the passive effect of Subtle Terrain Domination enveloped him once again.

After this, he focused on elevating other useful Tangible Natures into Minor Treasures, since

he could afford the process now. After all, he had consumed all the Empyrean Tusks other than Vhalla and Wrunnala.

Even in Wrunnala's case, he consumed whatever remained in the corpse of her first body,

leaving nothing behind. Once the battle ended, the Celestial Boar spent more time than it did during the fight to lick the place clean.

Everything of value was consumed, wasting nothing. And then, Brangara assumed human

form to conserve energy while running around to chase after Vhalla. Hovering above him was

a large horn that used to grow on the chest of the Celestial Boar.

It was now a cave to hold Wrunnala and Orakha as prisoners, preventing them from committing suicide. While carrying the horn as a Spirit Weapon, Brangara ran across Manu

Enclave, detecting traces of Vhalla. In the meantime, after many failures, his Tangible

Natures began to become Minor Treasures.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure-Gracious Inheritor!

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure-Satellite!

He had these two before battle, with Gracious Inheritor being his only Silver Grade Minor Treasure. And now, twenty days since the battle ended, he had the following Tangible Nature

Minor Treasures:

Satellite!

Comet!

Prana Bomb!

Bio-Synthesis!

Drifting Tunnel! Eddy Blade!

Prana Shock!

Mud Ball!

He had a total of ten Tangible Nature Minor Treasures now, with plenty more fuel generated

from Empyrean Tusk corpses. The remaining he planned to use to elevate six Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers to the 10-Life Stage.

As for elevating the Stage of Yarsha Zahara, he couldn't, no matter how much he wanted. After

all, she was a Mystic Grade Tangible Nature. Even if he used everything at his disposal now, he

could at most bring her to the 3-Life Stage.

'But I won't give up! I'll figure out an alternative!' He thought, clenching his hand into a fist,

'I'll ensure that you can live outside the Astral World freely, just as you had done until now!'

For a moment he thought of the influence generated by the Tangible Natures, thinking of how

he could use that to give Yarsha Zahara a life once again, 'But before that, I need to capture Vhalla!'

Slowly but steadily, he accelerated his running speed, constantly remaining on the run, aware that Vhalla's stamina paled in comparison to his. Soon, he let out a smile upon seeing the Sandy-Grey Void before him, 'It's similar to the Sanrey Plains.'

"Seems Vhalla cannot run anymore, so Maroppa had to resort to this, huh?" He chuckled and

circled around the Sandy-Grey Void, "It's a circle with a radius of twenty kilometres. Why

hasn't she made a bigger one like the Sanrey Plains...?"

He then stared at the border of the Sandy-Grey Void and burst into laughter, "Of course!"

"That makes perfect sense. Why didn't I think of it before?"



Chapter 750: Mountains, Fruits, and a New Dwelling

﻿

The Sandy-Grey Void erected by Maroppa wasn't the stable kind created at the Sanrey Plains. No, it was the kind capable of swallowing the whole of Sumatra when left as is. And obviously, having been through the era of Mudropper invasion, Sumatra Continent had a few internal defences prepared against it.

The external defence was obviously the Continent's border, a shallow region that was immune to the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void. All Continents had this border, which was a layer surrounding them and actively protected them against the Sandy-Grey Void.

The internal defence, especially on Sumatra Continent consisted of two: Empyrean Tentacle and Parute Tree.

The Gold Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature of Thought Condensation was capable of altering the terrain of a region. At the Mystic Grade, when the three Natures are combined in a certain way, with Thought Condensation kept as the focus, the terrain-altering capabilities were enough to heal all Sandy-Grey Void regions on Sumatra Continent back to normalcy.

Typically, when there's no Mystic Tentacle, Sumatra Continent would spawn all three variants right next to each other, allowing them to devour each other and quickly become the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, following which the Sandy-Grey Void could be healed.

In case the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle already existed, or the three variants were too far away to devour each other and result in a Mystic Grade existence, Sumatra Continent would lower its barrier and allow the Transcendents to take action, especially the Mystic Tentacle Transcendents.

Mahira Tusk too could take action, which gave her somewhat greater leverage and higher communication capabilities with the Mammoth Clan. But this was just the last resort, as the abilities of Transcendents came with consequences.

They were similar to Major Treasures but significantly more destructive, their Transcendent Prana capable of altering the entire terrain, resulting in a headache only inferior to the growing Sandy-Grey Void.

As a result, Sumatra Continent had a more relative internal defence, which stemmed from Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

The Transcendent Eater was a special existence, one capable of planting its roots in the Sandy-Grey Void and using the grey sand as minerals to grow, generating Transcendent Prana. It was the power source that all Transcendents relied upon to build the Transcendent Worlds.

Sumatra Continent too grew over time by consuming the energy generated by Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

Parute Trees were an extension of the root tendrils of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. The Parute Fruits they bore were condensed by heavily diluting the Transcendent Prana generated by Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

This energy funnels into the living beings that consume the Parute Fruits, entering the food cycle. And eventually, when the living beings die and become one with the earth, they contribute to Sumatra's growth, at infinitesimal quantities, but surely resulting in growth over the course of millions of years.

That's how all Continents gradually grow.

And as extensions of a Transcendent Eater's root tendrils, Parute Trees had the capability to use the grey sand as a mineral resource. Rather, this resource was more beneficial to them than regular soil.

In cases like the Sanrey Plains where the Sandy-Grey Void ring was contained and when Inala used the Sandy-Grey Bombs at the Dralh Sea that had a limited growth time, these internal mechanisms weren't triggered.

However, the moment the Sandy-Grey Void began to grow at an exponential pace, with no signs of stopping, the internal defence system activated spontaneously.

Once Vhalla became too exhausted, unable to run anymore, Maroppa had no other choice but to use her Primary Nature of Sandy-Grey Assimilation, Parute Trees popped up in the millions, forming an encirclement around the expanding Sandy-Grey Void.

"Of course, that makes perfect sense. Why didn't I think of it before?" Brangara burst into laughter as he observed three layers of Parute Trees encircling the Sandy-Grey Void. He observed the border, noticing that the grey sand was actively trying to eat into the earth and expand the Sandy-Grey Void.

However, before the grey sand could work its magic, the Parute Trees absorbed them in large quantities, stopping their progression.

"Hmm?" Brangara raised his eyebrows for a moment, noticing the strength of the grey sand spike for a second, causing the Sandy-Grey Void to expand by ten metres. The Parute Trees wilted in response as they were damaged in the process.

However, a fraction of a second later, a new batch of Parute Trees encircled the expanded Sandy-Grey Void. Moreover, the layer of Parute Trees increased to five, not only stopping the Sandy-Grey Void's expansion, but had actually begun to shrink it.

Every minute, the Sandy-Grey Void receded by a millimetre. The speed was slow but definite. In a matter of decades, the Parute Trees will recover the region. And by consuming the Parute Fruits they were sprouting in large numbers, the local vegetation would experience a boost that would eventually accumulate in the soil.

Therefore, once the Sandy-Grey Void is cleared, there was a good chance the region will become a blessed land.

"Now, I don't want to miss out on this," Brangara muttered as he made a mental tally of the Parute Trees, coming short of half a million. "That's a lot of Parute Fruits that could be harvested."

For a moment, he stared into his Astral World and focused on the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Blessed Inheritor, "This can work!"

He didn't fuse with it but simply placed it in his Astral World, where his influence affected it. Hence, he didn't have to deal with the influence it generated thanks to the thousands of Tangible Natures stored within it.

It could only be stored in his Astral World though and cannot be used as it. To use it, Brangara would have to fuse with it, which was an issue. However, he had a workaround in place. Whenever he wanted to use a Nature from it, the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Blessed Inheritor would first release it into the Astral World, from where he would activate them.

The scent released by the Parute Trees began to lure in Pranic Beasts in large numbers. There was a decent number of Gold Grade Pranic Beast races in the vicinity, so it was just a matter of time before things became bloody here.

But that was only if he didn't take action.

Astral World-Rocky Intimidation!

Influence-Subtle Terrain Domination!

Rock pillars appeared a kilometre away from the five layers of Parute Trees, each reaching a height of twenty metres. After they appeared, Brangara used Subtle Terrain Domination to combine them, forming a large mountain eventually.

He first circled the Sandy-Grey Void and placed a mountain at each quadrant, the intimidation they released served as a warning against other Pranic Beasts. And since they felt the Celestial Boar's presence, they were too afraid to come near, despite the strongest allure they felt from the half a million Parute Trees.

Tangible Natures jumped out of the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Blessed Inheritor and approached the Parute Trees, harvesting the fully sprouted Parute Fruits. Upon collecting them, they approached Brangara and chucked them in his mouth.

Followed by a single crunch, Brangara swallowed everything, assuming Celestial Boar form to fear of consumption and digestion. His stomach was severely bloated. But thankfully, most of the Empyrean Tusks had turned into miniature suns.

So, they didn't take up much space. Instead, he was only digesting the content extracted out

of the miniature suns by the 10-Life Stage Yoked Wyrms and the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Bio-Synthesis.

The Parute Fruits were digested instantly once they landed in his stomach, producing a large volume of Prana that he used to maintain the functioning of the Tangible Natures and using Rocky Intimidation.

He took his sweet time, understanding that it was a waiting game, for in the Sandy-Grey Void, Maroppa held the advantage. He was only at the Body Stage and a single misstep meant his life was at risk.

A month later, a mountain range formed a ring, completely blocking the Sandy-Grey Void from the outside world. The lowest altitude of the mountain range reached a height of six kilometres, absolutely massive.

Its width at the thinnest was ten kilometres wide, ensuring that even if an Empyrean Tusk

were to ram into it, the mountain range wouldn't cave in. The range wasn't just condensed out of the rock pillars formed using the Rockatrice's Nature of Rocky Intimidation but had been compressed to the limit through Subtle Terrain Domination.

The only way to travel to the other side was to scale it. After all, the range also expanded

inwards, reaching a depth of two kilometres into the ground. Without the basically infinite supply of Parute Fruits, this wouldn't have been possible.

Once the construction had been completed, Brangara plopped to the ground and did nothing

other than consume Parute Fruits, using the excess energy to focus on nurturing useful Tangible Natures through the Life Stage.

He was waiting until his body at the Varahan Empire reached the peak of the Body Stage. 'With the resources available there, my body should be achieving it in another five years.'

Once that happens, he could begin to condense a new body thanks to the sheer amount of

resources at his disposal, especially the Empyrean Tusk corpses that could accelerate his body's maturity significantly.

With that in mind, he focused on his stomach, which doubled down as the Astral World. As

many Empyrean Snappers lived there, the Astral World was massive, which allowed for more than enough stomach space.

However, the food and the Astral World didn't interact with each other, operating as if they existed in different dimensions. Brangara wasn't yet fully aware of the process behind it, but he knew that it was some kind of biome similar to the Empyrean Tusks.

Similar to how a majority of the Royal Zinger's power was concentrated in its arms and throat,

the Empyrean Boar King's power was concentrated in its digestive system. For the Celestial Boar, it was entirely concentrated in the stomach.

In terms of defensive strength, his body didn't even come close to the stomach. That was because this one organ acted as both the stomach and the Astral World.

Since he had an infinite supply of Parute Fruits, he used them to elevate the Empyrean Snappers, also feeding a significant chunk to Yarsha Zahara while ensuring to not seep any of

his influence into her.

"How are you feeling?" He asked upon bringing her out of the Astral World, his eyes tearing

up to see her condense before him.

"Like shit," Yarsha Zahara's shoulders drooped, "I...was overconfident! I never expected Orakha to be sharp enough to have seen through my oversight."

"You did mention that he was capable of that, right?" Brangara sighed as he hugged her,

"Let's think of a way to bring you back. These Parute Trees are able to give me enough Prana to eventually nurture you to the 10-Life Stage..."

"That won't work, husband." Yarsha Zahara slowly parted way from his embrace, turned

around, and wiped her tears, "My chances of becoming a Major Treasure are abysmal. If I was still a human, I could have prepared for it throughout my life. But as a Tangible Nature..."

She shook her head, "I'm way too fragile to attempt that. And even if there's a chance of

success, it's a lost cause since I'm not becoming a Major Treasure by absorbing Bolts of Transcendence."

"I'll be a mockery of a Major Treasure as compared to all Major Treasures." She grunted, "I would rather die than become something like that."

'This woman and her pride...' Brangara felt irritation for a moment before controlling himself, retorting calmly, "But I want you to live freely. In the present state, your fate is tied to mine. If I die, you die too. And I don't want that."

"Hmm..." Yarsha Zahara stared at him in conflict before opening her mouth in hesitation,

"There...is one way out."

"What is it?" Brangara asked in excitement, "Tell me! I'm ready to do anything to allow you

to live once again!"

"You...won't like this." She sighed before staring at the horn Brangara carried, "With his Mystic Eaters, and Blessed Inheritor, I can create a dwelling for myself..."

She almost choked, feeling insulted to even suggest the idea, "In Orakha's Human Avatar."



