Chapter 291 Travelling the Dangerous Dralh Sea

At dawn, right as the Dralh Sea began to turn ink-black, a figure rushed out of Fral Island, accompanied by a cloud that trailed after him.

The cloud spanned a volume of twenty cubic metres, jet-black, resembling a thundercloud. It hovered three metres above sea level, positioned right behind the figure that landed on the Dralh Sea.

Wearing black clothes that matched the Dralh Sea's colour during the day, with black mascara that accentuated his rough countenance and was the only portion of his shiny head that didn't reflect light.

Upon landing on the Dralh Sea, waves churned underneath his feet, generating currents that propelled his body forward, picking up pace in a matter of seconds. A minute since his journey started, his speed reached a frightening seventy kilometres per hour.

His figure blazed through the Dralh Sea's surface, gliding around like a motorboat. And consistently trailing behind him was the jet-black cloud. He had created this cloud as his Spirit Weapon, using it to carry his goods.

This was the most common method used by Cooter Clansmen to carry items with them. By creating a small cloud as a Spirit Weapon, they will dump their luggage into it. As the cloud naturally floats, it would bear most of the weight.

As a result, the Cooter Clansman wouldn't have to exert much strength through psychokinesis to carry all that luggage. And since it hovers in the air, carrying it was easy.

'I have to send the message as soon as possible.' He thought, recalling Wittral's command. He was the second master dispatched as a guard for Wittral, a powerhouse at the 6-Life Stage that went by the name of Zakzak.

Primary Nature—Broiling Mist Dominance!

Activating his power, he glided quickly through the boiling sea, oftentimes generating ripples across the sea that bombarded the local Pranic Beasts.

"Keup!" He leaped forward, using his cloud as a stepping stone to jump far away, evading the jaws of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

The cloud increased its altitude to remain beyond the lunge of the Pranic Beasts as Zakzak resumed his motion, not wasting time to fight. Ink-black mist oozed out of his body and condensed into a spherical cloudy barrier, tanking a group of projectiles shot at him.

The cloudy barrier exploded, sending the projectiles reeling into the water. With a kick into the water, Zakzak accelerated, his forehead covered with sweat as more and more attacks came his way.

The strength behind the attacks continued to increase steadily, before soon, even he felt difficulty facing them.

"Argh!" An object resembling shark teeth lodged itself into his thigh, causing him to scream in pain. Trailing from the object was a rope, connecting to a giant entity deeper in the sea. Due to its shape, the object had wedged itself between his thigh bone.

It then turned, tugging the bone. Zakzak knew that the Pranic Beast was about to fish him. It would soon pull him into the water and feast upon him. Even though he was strong, it was risky to be caught up in a battle.

"It's why I wanted to stay in the outer region of the Dralh Sea." He grunted and condensed a cloudy blade, severing his thigh. Blood oozed out of it for an instant before there was a new leg in place.

He had switched bodies to a healthier one. Internally, Prana surged into the body with the severed thigh, beginning to heal it. His Prana emanated radially and sensed powerful Pranic Beasts gradually close in on him.

"I can't go like this for long." He judged upon seeing his dropping Prana levels. After surveying his surroundings, Zakzak noticed a small island in the distance and quickly accelerated towards it. He leaped, severing his limbs as multiple teeth-like objects pierced them.

His limbless body rolled on the shore as Zakzak replaced it with a healthy body, got up, and leaped deeper inland. He released a mist wave to blanket the island, making it hard for the Pranic Beasts to sense his location, even with their Prana detection methods.

One after another, bulgy heads peeked out of the water surface, numbering tens…hundreds…thousands, too numerous to count. Grotesque in appearance, they glared at the tiny island, surrounding it.

Majority of them were Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts while a tenth of them were Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. It would be suicidal to face them alone, even if he were at the 6-Life Stage.

"Phew!" Once he had gotten to safety, Zakzak pulled out a vial from the cloud accompanying him and downed its contents. By revving up his Mystic Mist Art, he began to replenish his Prana.

While doing so, he surveyed his surroundings and pulled up a mental map of the Dralh Sea, making a note, "I'm almost at the Dralh Sea's interior."

The Dralh Sea could be divided into three distinct zones—outer, interior, and core. Inala was currently in the outer zone, where the majority of the Pranic Beasts were at the Iron Grade.

Not only was the water shallower, but the danger posed by the Death Hour and Cold Shower was also relatively lower.

At the interior zone, most of the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were at the Expert Iron Grade. Following that, Silver Grade Pranic Beasts made the majority, with them roaming around in large schools. The water here was deeper, with the Death Hour and Cold Shower being deadlier.

The core zone of the Dralh Sea was the deadliest, with the weakest creature there being a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. All Silver Grade Pranic Beasts here roamed in schools of at least a hundred.

Due to the horrifying intensity of the environment, with the Death Hour and Cold Shower being absolutely maniacal, there was a sharp increase in mutations.

A good number of Mutated Silver Grade Pranic Beasts roamed around in their schools. There even existed schools of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Zakzak began to move once he finished recovering. Upon unleashing waves of attacks into the sea, he created a path to escape from, using his superior mobility to throw off his pursuers. Two days later, having made pitstops at small islands along the way, Zakzak arrived at a large island that was surrounded by four distinct mountains.

"I'm here," He sighed in relief and quickly approached one of the mountains, greeting the Cooter Clansmen posted there as he made his way up the mountain.

It was an Empyrean Snapper. There were four of them surrounding this large island, creating a base for the Cooter Clan to operate in the Dralh Sea's interior zone. These four Empyrean Snappers were in charge of a large segment of the outer sea, including islands such as Leh and Fral.

"Why are you here alone, Zakzak?" A concerned voice resounded right as Zakzak set foot on the mountain.

"I have come here bearing news from Wittral," Zakzak said.

There was an obvious sign of relief from the other side upon realising that Zakzak had just arrived as a messenger, and not as the sole survivor of a disaster. It meant Wittral was safe and had simply sent Zakzak as a means to communicate with them.

The mist covering the mountain parted open to reveal an inclined beaten path. Zakzak traversed it and soon reached a single-room stone hut, kneeling upon entering it, "I have come bearing some news, Settlement Leader."

"What is it?" An old, bald man asked calmly, drinking a diluted Elixir while seated on a grass mat.

"The Boar King died twice," Zakzak said, watching the old man spit out the diluted Elixir in shock.

Wiping his mouth, the old man stared at Zakzak, tilted his head in confusion, and asked in worry, "I told you time and again,"

"Don't do drugs, child."



Chapter 292 A Cowardly Old Man

"I'm perfectly sober," Zakzak replied and wiped his face, "Wittral is the one who asked me to relay this piece of news."

"I never thought that child would also do drugs," The old man wiped his forehead in worry, "These days, even our Deity likes to fool around."

"No, he's pretty much immune to mere drugs. But wait," The old man muttered, scratching his ear, "Maybe he created a new drug that's capable of affecting an Empyrean Snapper? That is a possibility…"

"Leader!" Zakzak raised his voice and brought the old man to his senses, "Wittral received this information from a Brimgan Empire's Free Human woman that he had rescued. He sent me here in hopes of confirming this news as soon as possible."

"If the Boar King truly is weakened, this is the best time to exact revenge for the death of two of our Deities!"

The old man observed Zakzak's fierce expression and sighed, "Ah, the joys of youth."

"To be so na?ve, but brimming with energy."

"Settlement Leader," Zakzak raised his voice, "What do you say? Do we strike?"

"Forget it," The old man waved his hand, "Even if the Boar King's killed twice, nothing changes. He probably has more than twenty Internal Inertial Gravity and two Subtle Terrain Dominance. Worst comes to worst, he'll activate them all and annihilate all threats."

"He obviously doesn't have enough Prana to activate such strong Natures in the bulk," Zakzak argued, "At most, he can activate two Internal Inertial Gravity before his Prana consumption spikes to dangerous levels. He'll dry up in a matter of minutes."

"Ah, the voice of the ignorant!" The old man sang, "If only I was as foolish as you back in the day,"

"The Cooter Clan would have died."

"Leader!" Zakzak roared, "Please stop messing around and send a team to confirm the news."

"Have you heard of the Empyrean Boar King's growth speed?" The old man suddenly spoke, his voice a tad serious.

"I don't," Zakzak shook his head, "Is that supposed to mean something?"

"Ten percent," The old man said, "That's how much his body grows when he consumes an Empyrean Snapper."

"Empyrean Boars have the fastest growth rate. In two days since they are birthed, they become capable enough to hunt large numbers of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts." The old man said, "Their only problem is their Primary Nature, which causes too many Natures to accumulate in their bodies, resulting in multiple tugs-of-war due to the influence of the Natures."

"Their mind shatters as a result." The old man said, "Because of that, Empyrean Boars are damn weak. But how long do you think an Empyrean Boar needs to reach maturity?"

"I…don't know," Zakzak shook his head.

"Depending on their eating habits, the slowest is two years while the fastest is eight years." The old man's eyes glinted in fear, "Do you understand now?"

"That's the fastest maturity date among Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, creatures that can easily live for a millennium and beyond."

"If the Empyrean Boars were that great, why haven't they taken over Sumatra Continent by now?" Zakzak snorted, "They are a race that went extinct."

"Empyrean Boars are victims of their Primary Nature. They don't have the sentience to overcome it. But that's not the point." The old man shrugged with slumped shoulders, "The maturity period for an Empyrean Tusk is close to a century. It's similar to an Empyrean Snapper."

"Wittral is currently twenty-three years old. He would reach his peak strength when he's close to a hundred years old." The old man said, "He'll have 8400 Prana then. Currently, he has around 2000 Prana. But,"

The old man stated solemnly, "An Empyrean Boar in his place would have reached maturity decades ago, possessing its maximum capacity of 3602 Prana."

"At its fastest, an Empyrean Boar can surpass Wittral's growth in two years." The old man stared at Zakzak in disdain, "Do you understand now?"

"The Boar King is the ultimate figure of the Empyrean Boar race. He's the Empyrean Boar King." The old man expressed evident fear, "If he wants to, he can build a body within a decade. He only needs to voraciously consume resources for that, which isn't an issue for him."

"With his strength, who dares stop him?"

"Then why has he remained at the 3-Life Stage for so long?" Zakzak argued, "It has been two millennia since the Boar King appeared. If he's so terrifying, he should have reached the 10-Life Stage many centuries ago. But he didn't. So your words make no sense."

"Influence," The old man said, "That's the reason."

"He has more than twenty Internal Inertial Gravity," He continued, "So, the Boar King has to constantly endure their influence. If he gives in, he'll be influenced into believing he's an Empyrean Tusk."

"The greater the number of bodies he builds, the stronger this influence gets. With the hive mind nature of Empyrean Tusks, these twenty-plus Internal Inertial Gravity would synergise with each other across his multiple bodies and unleash an influence vastly more potent than the twenty of them combined produce." He concluded, "Hence after he grows a little, the Boar King spends most of his time meditating to overcome this influence."

"He stopped at the 3-Life Stage because by then, he had enough strength to roam Sumatra freely. Since he was actively hunting Empyrean Tusks, he had to spend more time meditating to calm their influence." The old man sighed, "Had he been at the 4-Life Stage, the influence would have taken control over his mind already."

"That's why he's controlling his growth." The old man shook his head, "Otherwise, he can easily reach the 10-Life Stage in a century."

"Okay, I get that his growth speed is horrifying. But, this is a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast we're talking about." Zakzak argued, "The resources he needs to grow aren't easy to come across. Even if he swallows millions of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts daily, he still wouldn't get enough quality nutrients to satisfy his growth."

"That's why I'm calling you an idiot," The old man grumbled, "He obviously knows it. And do you know where he can obtain high-quality nutrients that are perfect for his growth?"

"Empyrean Tusks! Empyrean Snappers!" He shouted, "Consuming an Empyrean Snapper gives him enough nutrients to grow his body by ten percent. And consuming an Empyrean Tusk grows his body by a whopping fifteen to twenty percent. You understand now?"

"Threaten his life, and he'll be forced to grow stronger. And when that happens, he'll actively hunt us!" He roared by the end.

"Anyway…" The old man waved his hand, "The younger generation simply doesn't know how terrifying the Boar King can be. Even if the news of him dying twice is the truth, let's not confirm it. If that happens, our Clan will get strange ideas and think they can oppose him."

"Bow our heads and continue to progress forward," The old man said, "That's the motto the Cooter Clan needs to abide by."

"I understand," Zakzak exhaled hot mist, "All that explanation was just a means of expressing your cowardice, right?"

"You! Dumbass! Is your head an egg?" The old man lost his composure. "Don't you ever dream about heading to the Dieng Canyon. I won't allow anyone to head there!"

"Wittral also told me to relay another message, in the event of your refusal." Zakzak said, "If the Cooter Clan wishes to remain a turtle in their oasis, he'll personally head out."

"NO! He can't!" The old man got up in a hurry, screaming as he rushed out, "He's our future! He can't risk his life like that!"



Chapter 293 Confirmation Time: Eight Months

"Haah, my age is catching up to me." The old man groaned as he returned to his room and stared at Zakzak in irritation, "Fine, I can't stop Wittral anyway. He wins. But know that this information shouldn't reach the rest of the Clan."

"I'll first make a trip and relay the details to our Chief. We'll let him decide our course of action."

"Yes, Settlement Leader." Zakzak nodded and waited until a team of Cooter Clansmen arrived. There were twenty of them in total, all at the peak of the Body Stage, sourced from the four Settlements in the region.

Acting as captains for teams of five each were masters at the 2-Life Stage. There were four of them in total. And finally, the one in charge of the entire operation was a man at the 3-Life Stage.

His golden robe fluttered in the wind as he bowed before the old man, "I formed a scout team of experts. We're all specialised in mobility and information gathering."

"You're here, Yulyul." The old man nodded and relayed to him the details of his mission, "You don't need to head into the Dieng Canyon. That'll take you forever. And if you get lost, the mission will become a failure. Instead, head towards the region with the Mud Viper nests. We have a small base there."

"We have a base there?" Zakzak asked in shock, "How long have our Clansmen been stationed there?"

"Not our Clansmen." The old man shook his head, "There's a Silver Grade Pranic Beast race there whose Ravaged Tribe is being supported by us. We are the ones providing them with Free Humans and valuable Elixirs."

"They call themselves the Hen Tribe and are one of the Ravaged Tribes that worship the Empyrean Snappers." He threw a vial to Yulyul, "It has all the information you need to know about the Hen Tribe. Drink it and make preparations accordingly."

"Since they hunt the Mud Vipers and live right next to the Dieng Canyon, they ought to know everything that had transpired." The old man waved his hand, dismissing Yulyul, "As long as you contact them, you'll get the full picture."

"We have a water pathway leading to their Settlement. So, the round trip would only take you eight months."

"Yes, Settlement Leader." Yulyul nodded and exited the house, "We'll return with the news as soon as possible."

Within the same day, a ship set off from the region, quickly exiting the Dralh Sea through one of its eight channels. Considering the dangers involved, a time period of eight months was already very fast.

"I'll leave now," Zakzak bowed in response and intended to return to Fral Island.

"You said he's conversing with a woman from the Brimgan Empire?" The old man asked all of a sudden.

"Yes, is that an issue?" Zakzak expressed his confusion.

"Ah, the joys of ignorance!" The old man sang in frustration before hitting Zakzak lightly on the head, "Tell Nurnur to keep a close watch on her. Free Human women from the Brimgan Empire are very cunning. The last thing we need is her bearing Wittral's child and fleeing to the Brimgan Empire."

"Even if that happens, the child would only be a Cooter Clansman and not an Empyrean Snapper." Zakzak felt that the old man was unnecessarily paranoid, "So, what's the issue with that?"

"Without the resources produced on an Empyrean Snapper, it's impossible for a Cooter Clansman to reach the Body Stage. Moreover, they cannot cultivate using Free Human cultivation techniques." Zakzak groaned in annoyance, turned around, and fled, "I'm leaving, Settlement Leader. Don't worry too much in your final years."

"Ah…shit!" The old man slumped in exhaustion, muttering, "Relationships are generally a mess. Wittral already has too much to bear. This will simply add to his burden."

He then snapped his finger, stating when a master at the 4-Life Stage appeared, "Take our fastest ship and inform the Chief about Wittral getting close to a Free Human woman from the Brimgan Empire. We'll let him decide whether or not to kill her."

"Can't I kill her now?" The master asked, "What if they become close before the Chief makes a decision? Isn't killing her now better? Wittral wouldn't be attached to her yet."

"He isn't a child," The old man waved his hand, "He knows best what to do. I'm simply doing this because of my anxiety. Now, go."

"Okay, Leader." The master's figure flickered away.

"I should retire," The old man muttered, having observed the dwindling respect he garnered from the masters of his Settlement, "I'm too old and weak for this shit."

He was merely at the 7-Life Stage and had grown into old age, reaching the final years of his lifespan, "I should just laze around. Yeah, that's the correct thing to do."

"Is it finally time for me to become the Settlement Leader, Father?" A voice resounded from behind him, gentle in nature, almost pleasant to hear. Judging by the presence behind the voice, the one speaking had strength superior to the old man.

The old man thought for a few seconds and grumped, "No!"

"You're too young for the responsibility."

There was silence for a while before the gentle voice stated with a hint of disappointment, "Father, I'm 180 years old and am halfway into building my eighth body. Masters weaker and less experienced than me have become Settlement Leaders long ago."

"I'm way stronger than you. Isn't it time you retired?"

"No, I'll become useless if I'm not a Settlement Leader." The old man refused adamantly.

Fral Island!

Seated in the stone house in a meditative pose was Inala, comprehending the Mudropper's data, 'Amazing! Simply amazing!'

'The Mudropper is a spectacular creature. I made the right decision in getting its data.' He thought, concluding as he comprehended some more information, 'Based on this, it seems the Mudropper might have gained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator by now.'

"I'm more confident, armed with this information," Inala grinned and switched to Lurt's data, learning more about drugs and medicine.

The Cooter Clan produced a variety of medicines, some of which also improved one's comprehension rate. Basically, this place was perfect for Inala to finish digesting the data he obtained from the variety of Humans and Pranic Beasts in the Sanrey Plains.

Through that, he'll be able to derive stronger Skills. His abilities weren't the strongest among the reincarnates, but were the most versatile. And by digesting these memories and experiences, armed with competent skills, his versatility would only increase.

He knew the troubles that would come next. And hence, he could create Skills to prepare for them accordingly. 'There have been a few mishaps, but I'm in the general right direction.'

'Since the Mudropper can now take on a human form, it probably has no use staying in the Sanrey Plains.' Inala thought, 'Since it's aware of the Boar King's arrival, it knows he would come for it after it lays down an egg.'

'If it plans to hide from his senses, its best bet is to transform into a human and hide in the Brimgan Empire while gathering strength stealthily.' Inala grinned, slightly excited, 'Since I'm heading to the Brimgan Empire, this will be perfect.'

'I can get more Sandy-Grey Bombs.'



Chapter 294 Phell

Abyss Fall!

In the core region of the Dralh Sea existed a two-kilometre-wide hole that spewed out water nonstop, creating a geyser that reached a height of two hundred metres.

Spilling out of it in the tens of thousands every hour was a gentle, unassuming fish with a needle-like nose. It reached a length of two metres and had little to no combat ability. Its needle-like nose was its sole weapon, but its body didn't have the structural flexibility to wield it like a weapon.

But despite that, staring at their numbers from an island far away was a Cooter Clansman, his face pale as he yelled, "They're coming!"

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Phell!

Thirty kilometres away from the Abyss Fall, surrounding it like a ring was a series of long islands, each ranging from eight to fifty kilometres. Stationed on this ring of islands were large numbers of Cooter Clansmen, armed to the teeth as large clouds covered the skies above them, forming their armoury.

In the narrow gaps between the islands, wedged there like the final gates of the stronghold were their Deities, forming a total of 38 Empyrean Snappers. Each Empyrean Snapper guarded a gap between the islands, raving about as they were alert, gathering large amounts of Prana to unleash powerful attacks.

This ring of islands was called the Abyss Ring and formed the headquarters of the Cooter Clan controlling the Dralh Sea.

The number of Phells exiting the geyser from the Abyss Fall gradually increased in numbers, swimming through the Dralh Sea as they instinctively made their way towards the islands.

"Attack!" A Cooter Clan master bellowed as a multitude of attacks were launched, blotting the sea in the vicinity of the islands.

Hundreds of Phells died from the array of attacks, the defensive strength of their bodies alarmingly lacking. But despite managing to kill such large numbers with a single volley of attacks, none of the Cooter Clansmen expressed any joy.

Rather, the ones with spectacular eyesight among them stared at the geyser with trembling bodies, observing the number of Phells continue to increase in numbers.

Gradually, more and more Phells began to approach the islands. One among them managed to survive as it waddled through the gaps between the attacks and arrived at an island. Prana gradually accumulated in its body, causing its Spirit Container to feel strained.

Soon, it shattered, flooding all the stored Prana into its body, overwhelming its organs. But this was normal, for the Phell was designed for exactly that. In all its life, it could activate its Primary Nature only once. And when it does, it dies.

Primary Nature—Needle Mine!

The Phell shot out of the water like an arrow and stabbed into the chest of a Cooter Clansman, easily breaking through his defensive arrangements.

"No! No! No! Don't!" The Cooter Clansman shrilled in fear upon seeing Prana flare up from the Phell that lost its life due to multiple organ failure. An instant later, there was an explosion, literally.

Bits and pieces of the Cooter Clansman's flesh splattered due to the explosion, splashing all over the island and the sea water nearby. Each piece of flesh was covered by tiny bubbles that upon closer look, revealed to be spores.

Tens of thousands of spores were shot out during the explosion. The ones attached to flesh pieces in the water began to absorb the nutrients in the flesh piece and began growing at speeds visible to the naked eye.

In a matter of minutes, they hatched, revealing tadpole-like creatures. Eight months later, they would reach maturity and become Phells. At least a couple thousand spores survived and managed to latch onto a piece of flesh large enough for them to consume and hatch.

This was what made the Phells terrifying. If even a single one of them manages to reach its target and explodes, it would release tens of thousands of spores that would all become Phells in the future.

They died upon using their Primary Nature. But even when used once, the power was very potent, with the area of impact ranging between five to a couple dozen metres.

Phells were an extremely invasive species, capable of devouring entire ecosystems in a matter of decades if left untouched. Their extreme fertility made them an endless headache, resulting in losses for any creature that decides to deal with them.

It was unknown where the bottom of the Abyss Fall led. No one had managed to explore it to date. Everyone collectively assumed it led to a mysterious region of the Sumatra Continent that had been dominated by the Phells already.

And from the Abyss Fall, they were pouring out to dominate the rest of the continent. The reason the Cooter Clan set up base here wasn't for anything noble like guarding the continent. No, their reason was very simple.

Phells were very nutritious in nature. In terms of nutritional value, they exceeded Iron Grade Pranic Beasts by at least thirty to forty percent. Therefore, they were extremely valuable, able to handle the Cooter Clan's voracious appetite.

That was why, despite the countless deaths involved, the Cooter Clan maintained a stable base here.

Situated within a wider gap between two islands was the 1st Empyrean Snapper, the strongest of its kind in the current generation. Waves churned around it and generated a hurricane that shredded apart the Phells as they came in range.

Other than the mountain on its back, the 1st Empyrean Snapper's figure wasn't visible. It was fully underwater. Situated on its mountain, facing the Phells was a stone house with open walls. Seated in it and observing the battle nonchalantly was an old man, drinking tea while commenting to the air, "You have gotten sluggish."

"You need to exercise more."

[Don't expect me to fight at full strength when I'm half asleep!]

A reply resounded in his mind, sent by the 1st Empyrean Snapper. Hearing it, the old man laughed, "Excuses."

The oldest human on Sumatra Continent, currently aged 1677 years while possessing strength at the 10-Life Stage. That was Geugeu, the Cooter Clan Chief. He was actually older than his Empyrean Snapper, acting as a Chief from its previous generation.

He had also been alive long enough to see the Boar King's rise to his current, unreachable status.

As he had served the previous generation's 1st Empyrean Snapper, with the current generation's 1st Empyrean Snapper being his grandson, he treated the latter casually, often chiding it.

If the top experts of Sumatra Continent were ranked, first place would obviously belong to the Boar King. Second place would be Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief who possessed the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle.

Geugeu would be ranked third. He was originally second until Raaha appeared, wielding strength greater than the past Mammoth Clan Chiefs that had the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power.

Even after being overtaken by Raaha, with the Brimgan Empire's current generation Emperor closing in the gap, Geugeu wasn't concerned in the least. The Cooter Clan had its own business to worry about and didn't have time for anyone else.

"Chief, we received some news regarding Wittral." A Cooter Clansman interrupted his conversation with the 1st Empyrean Snapper.

After hearing the contents, Geugeu raised an eyebrow in surprise, "Wittral is getting close to a Free Human woman from the Brimgan Empire?"

"Interesting," He nodded and gave his command, "Once his time at the Fral Island ends, bring him here, along with the Free Human woman."



Chapter 295 Subtle Spying

Fral Island!

Flashing onto the shore was the figure of Zakzak, having lost his right hand. He rolled deeper into the island and gasped for breath, switching bodies to a healthier one as he began to recuperate while glaring at the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that had targeted him.

"If I hadn't been at the Life Stage, I would have died by now." He muttered, observing how all his bodies had serious injuries.

"Are you alright, Zakzak?" Nurnur leaped down from the mountain and approached him in a hurry, feeding him a couple of vials of medicine to hasten his recovery process.

"Wait, why are you at the 5-Life Stage?" Zakzak shrilled in response upon noticing a drop in Nurnur's presence, "Did you die?"

"Heck no," Nurnur pointed at Wittral's favourite spot, "I just left behind a body to look after Inala. I'm not comfortable leaving her alone with Wittral."

"Sheesh, you and the Settlement Leader are just needlessly worried." Zakzak sighed as he slumped on the soil and rested while his injuries began to steadily recover. It would take him a couple of days to heal a body. He would have to rest for a while before he could return to battle with all intact bodies.

"Anyway, what are they up to now?" Zakzak asked.

"Arm wrestling," Nurnur stated with a complaining tone.

Staring at her face in closeup for a moment, Zakzak figured out the reason for her foul mood, grinning as he spoke, "You lost to her, right?"

"I was holding back!" Nurnur shouted in anger, "That woman is built like a boar!"

"It would be embarrassing if word of this gets out," Zakzak teased, "A 6-Life Stage master losing to a Body Stage Free Human."

"I only wrestled her with one body, alright?" Nurnur snorted, "Had I stacked all my bodies, I would have wiped the floor with her."

"How did it go?" She changed the topic of discussion, "Has a team been sent to verify Inala's information?"

"Yeah, but it'll take eight months for the team to return." Zakzak said, "So, inform Wittral to take everything Inala says with a pinch of salt until then."

"I'm aware," A voice resounded from behind them as the duo turned around to stare at Wittral who had just jumped from his favourite spot to land nearby.

"Have you been listening in on us, Wittral?" Zakzak asked, "That's not a good habit, you know?"

"Forgive me, Uncle." Wittral smiled wryly and then glared at Nurnur for a moment, "I'm just a bit on edge because of her stares."

"I'm twenty-three years old, I know whether or not a woman is interested in me." He continued.

"Hmph! What do you know?" Nurnur snorted, "Inala is very different from the Free Humans you have seen. In these few days, I have tested her on many fronts. Not only is she smart, but she's also strong and has a sense of arrogance that only one with power possess."

"She definitely isn't anyone simple." She argued and pointed at Wittral, "With your lacking experience, you'll fall head over heels for her before you know it."

"That's impossible," Wittral waved his hand, scoffing with a hint of disdain, "I'm simply interested in Inala because of her experience. I'll never like a mere Free Human romantically."

"As long as you abide by it," Nurnur snorted, "But I'm still keeping watch over you."

"Fine," Wittral waved his hands in surrender. He then noticed the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts swimming slowly at a distance three kilometres away from Fral Island and muttered, "They are after Inala."

"I can see their attention placed on the stone house she's living at." He said, interested, "There's definitely more to her than she lets on."

"I heard that the Princes and Princesses of the Brimgan Empire would set out on an expedition to prove themselves and become eligible for a fight to the throne." Zakzak said and pulled out a bunch of vials, "This is all the information I could find about the Brimgan Empire from our Clan branch."

"When I see Inala, I get the feeling that she's royalty. I don't know how to explain it, but the very air around her exudes that primal presence of authority." Zakzak concluded.

"Oh, you're sharp, Uncle." Wittral grinned, "I noticed that from the start. That's why I'm so interested in her. Besides,"

He displayed his reddened right hand, "I lost to her in an arm-wrestling match. She's very strong."

"Even you lost to her?" Zakzak was stunned, "How is that possible?"

"Well, it's not like my human form is that strong," Wittral shrugged, "Only when I become an Empyrean Snapper can I begin to truly exercise my power."

Even a casual touch from an island-sized being would possess earth-shattering power. Exhibiting the same level of power from a human figure was impossible. It was a sheer play of mass and momentum generated by said mass.

"There are twenty-two days left for the ship to arrive," Zakzak said and glared at the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, "We'll suffer unimaginable losses if we don't manage to drive them away before then."

"I have been trying," Wittral sighed, "But they are cowards. They attack from afar and run away if I approach them. It's very frustrating to think these three bear the same position as me as fellow Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"Are they strong?" Zakzak asked next, "I can make another trip to ask for reinforcements."

"If I were to give my all, I can kill one of them easily." Wittral shook his head, "The problem is that they never fight head-on. I can't kill them if they continue to run away."

"This is indeed an issue. But," Nurnur stared at Wittral's favourite spot on the mountain, "Wouldn't they go away if we chuck Inala to them? She's their target, right?"

"Not yet," Wittral clicked his tongue, "There's a lot I can learn from her. All the information we have about the Brimgan Empire is very outdated. I want to keep up with the times. So, until then,"

"Don't think about harming her."

"So she's fair game after that." Nurnur nodded, relaxing in response, "That's reassuring to hear."

"Unless your brain is damaged, why would you think I would like a Free Human?" Wittral stared at Nurnur as if she were a retard, "Inala is merely a stronger servant with an interesting past. Nothing else has changed."

"Anyway," Wittral looked at the sky and leaped into the Dralh Sea, "The Death Hour is about to begin. I'll be training now."

"I'll come with you." Saying so, Nurnur leaped into the water after him.

"I'll take a rest," Zakzak dragged the floating ink-black cloud and headed towards a stone house where the rest of the Cooter Clansmen on the island were staying.

Once the coast was clear, situated a fair distance away from the spot where they conversed was a piece of rock, scattered amongst many other rocks similar to it. Suddenly, it cracked before splitting open into two halves, revealing an Empyrean Zinger Scout inside.

It inhaled air before letting out a screech at a frequency not audible to the ears of the Cooter Clansmen, doing so right after the Death Hour started.

Immediately after, it pulled the two halves of the rock shut. The inner surface of the rock was layered with the shells of its Prana Bomb. So, once it used Mystic Bone Art and healed them together, the rock shut perfectly.

Following that, a tiny hole appeared at its bottom, ready to be closed any moment. It was through this hole that it spied on their conversation.

Seated within the stone house on Wittral's favourite spot was Inala, his eyes subtly widening in response to the Empyrean Zinger Scout's shout. "I see,"

"I have my work cut out."



Chapter 296 Mysterious Prana Bomb

Obviously, Inala was playing a very dangerous game here. It would be strange if he hadn't set up spies all over the place. Every evening, when the Death Hour begins, all Cooter Clansmen would become busy.

It was then that he could take action. The only one keeping an eye on him was Nurnur. So, he had to do everything with stealth, taking advantage of moments when her mind was occupied with other matters.

That was where the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts came into play. They kept Wittral and his two guards busy.

'Originally, I was hesitant to take advantage of Wittral, since he's a genuinely good guy. But after hearing this, I'm less hesitant.' He thought in relief, 'I won't regret this choice as much as I assumed before.'

He intended to subject Wittral to the same treatment Brangara received under the hands of Undrakha. It was impossible to stay sane after going through something like that.

And honestly, he had no hatred towards Wittral. Therefore, Inala was mentally struggling to proceed with his plans. He wasn't a psychopath. He could live with killing someone that targeted his life. Having already adapted to Sumatra, he was able to do something like that without being plagued much by guilt later on.

Even in the Sanrey Plains, his actions, though leading to his benefit, also saved the lives of forty thousand plus people, when originally, they would have been wiped out. Hence, though to satisfy his agenda, he became their saviour.

But here, that wasn't the case. His actions would end up causing a mess for the Cooter Clan, detrimental to their future.

Not only did he plan to use Wittral, but he also was making schemes to turn the Cooter Clan against the Boar King. Yes, there was immense hatred between the Cooter Clan and the Boar King, but they knew by logic that there was more to lose than gain by antagonising him.

They witnessed the population of Empyrean Tusks shrink constantly as the Mammoth Clan was beaten and battered by the Boar King. Hence, they wished to avoid him altogether and focus solely on their growth.

Inala's actions would change that. He might be the spark that results in the deaths of many of Cooter Clan's Deities.

"Haah!" It wasn't easy to become the cause of endless suffering. 'There's still time. I'll think of it later.'

He focused on growing stronger first by taking advantage of the Cooter Clan's resources. It would take him some time to enact his current plan anyway. He was free until then. Hence, it was better to focus on his growth during that time.

Inala closed his eyes and focused on the biome in his stomach, extending his Prana through it to touch a tiny bone sphere that was resultant of the Mudropper's offspring. Contained in it was the Mudropper's data, 'Maybe I'll be able to figure out a better method.'

He began to comprehend more of its data. It was foolish to stick with one plan. Even now, variables had begun appearing from the moment Zakzak left the island to inform news about the Boar King's death to one of the Cooter Clan's Settlement Leaders.

Inala originally assumed this information would reach the Settlement Leader after they reach the respective island—with Four Empyrean Snappers—by ship at the end of the three-month tenure.

But he underestimated Wittral's desire for information. Hence, there was a difference between his plans and reality already. As to the extent of ripples this variable would cause, Inala couldn't predict.

Hence, he had to think of alternate plans, as much as possible. In Sumatra, strength didn't reign supreme, but survivability did. It was why he didn't become an Empyrean Tusk and instead chose to be an Empyrean Zinger that posed the greatest versatility and matched his thought process.

'Let's keep refining my plans.' Thinking as such, Inala focused on the Mudropper data, 'I have time to think. So, let's do exactly that.'

"What are you doing?" Nurnur peeked in from the entrance, commenting upon seeing that Inala hadn't moved an inch from his spot for an hour.

"Meditating," Inala's eyes shot open as he stared at Nurnur, "You guys don't meditate?"

"We do, but not as much as you." Nurnur expressed her confusion, "What's there to meditate so long for? The mind goes blank after a few minutes."

"Yes, but that doesn't mean I can stop at that." Inala said, "There's a limit to how much I can understand my Human Avatar in a short time. After that, I simply go through and revise existing information that I have figured out. At times, I learn new things through that."

The process was the same for his Empyrean Zinger body. It was like mapping out an unknown terrain while trying to understand why a certain tree was planted in a particular location, why it grew as tall as it did, and so on and so forth.

Each question required lots of pondering and analysis. It was why it took decades to build a body.

Inala had a shortcut in this regard, since he used Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill on an Empyrean Zinger Scout and obtained its data. By comprehending it, he was able to map out most of the area.

Based on his current growth rate, Inala predicted that he would be done building ninety percent of his body within the next decade. And by the time the Second Major Disaster starts, he would have entered the 2-Life Stage.

It would have originally taken him forty years to do the same. Now, the duration had shortened by half, all thanks to the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill and Mind Slip Prime Skill.

"Hmm, interesting." Nurnur nodded and stared at Inala, observing the latter's hair for a couple of seconds before saying, "We'll be leaving this island in three weeks. Once we return to one of our Clan's bases, we can arrange a ship for you to return home."

"Since Wittral promised, you'll receive your Influence Easing Elixir once we get there."

"I'm grateful for your help," Inala cupped his fists and returned to his meditation.

Noticing Inala express no desire to communicate, Nurnur snorted mentally, 'This bitch only becomes chirpy before Wittral. Once he becomes bored of her, I'll be the first one to chuck her into the mouth of a Pranic Beast.'

'She's not leaving the Dralh Sea alive.' Nurnur returned to her post at the stone house's entrance, remaining on guard there. The windows of the stone house weren't wide enough for a human to pass through. Hence, the only way to exit it was the entrance.

And to conserve her Prana, Nurnur didn't use her Prana senses when there was no need to use it. Expending Prana needlessly would simply strain their resources, since they had limited amounts this far away from their Clan—Empyrean Snappers.

As she stood still like a statue, Inala's eyes shot open and stared at her back. He then stealthily spat out two Prana Bombs and threw them out of the window using psychokinesis.

Gently landing on the ground, one of the Prana Bombs hatched to reveal an Empyrean Zinger Scout. He had encased it in a Prana Bomb in his stomach, which was the easiest way to take it out without gagging in response.

Using psychokinesis, it lifted the second Prana Bomb after swallowing the shells of the Prana Bomb it hatched from. The Empyrean Zinger Scout took advantage of the Death Hour to waddle its way through the hordes of Pranic Beasts fighting for a spot on the island.

Soon, it arrived before a mine's entrance and waited patiently upon seeing the mist barrier covering it. An hour later, the Death Hour ended as the Pranic Beasts on the island returned to the Dralh Sea.

Right in time, the mist barrier dissolved, granting the Empyrean Zinger free entry as it sped into the mine, carrying the Prana Bomb with unknown contents.



Chapter 297 Mystic Mist Art

Luminescent moss grew within the mine, strategically placed to ensure all passageways were brightly lit, not to mention purifying the air regularly to ensure the Free Humans mining within were healthy.

Usually, after the Cold Shower ends and the ice thaws away, the Cooter Clansmen would arrive at the mine's entrance to hand out rations. The Free Humans would get rations according to how much minerals they had mined.

Those with better performances were rewarded with better food that would grow the weapon at the tail end of their Ewworm. The reward wasn't a better living condition. It was merely something that allowed them to mine better.

The Cooter Clan deemed this to be sufficient for the Free Humans, as they should be grateful to be alive in such a dangerous world.

Thud! Clank!

A middle-aged man sweated buckets as he used a large shovel to wedge into a cave wall, grunting as his muscles bulged under the exertion. His Ewworm reached a length of four metres, enormously long, and had grown a steel-like pickaxe at its end.

It exerted force to repeatedly slam into the wall right underneath the spot he had wedged. This way, once the wall weakened, it would collapse, making it easy for the man to fish out mineral ores from the collapsed remains.

He had figured out this method after a long span of trial and error, and now was one of the best-performing miners of the Fral Island. With 5800 Free Humans mining underground Fral Island, the competition was intense as many of them had a developed Ewworm.

"Keuk!" He grunted as the ticklish sensation in his eye worsened over time. Stopping his mining actions, he rubbed his eye, feeling that the ticklish sensation only got worse with time. "Dammit, not now!"

Mining for extended durations, living in cold, damp places, barely being in the sunlight, less than optimal hygiene, and being exposed to all sorts of minerals, many of which were harmful. Combined all together, they affected his body.

There was a limit to how much his Ewworm could filter out everything and keep his body clean. At least if he lived on the island outside, basking in the sun for a few hours daily, his health condition would have been a lot better.

But, the Cooter Clansmen didn't allow that. Free Humans were forced to stay in underground quarters situated in rundown mining tunnels that were bereft of ores. They didn't have a life beyond mining and eating, systematically brainwashed by the Cooter Clansmen.

Auta was a middle-aged man who had been born on Fral Island, having been living there for the past forty-five years. He never knew a life beyond mining.

He had a family, but couldn't nurture a sustainable bond between them. After all, once his kids were born, they were taken into custody by the Cooter Clan to be taught 'common sense.'

Worship the Cooter Clan. The Immortals of the Cooter Clan were descendants of the Deities and existed to protect the world from harm. Free Humans were born to serve them. Without the Cooter Clan's protection, they would have been wiped out by the Pranic Beasts long ago.

These lines were merely part of a long list of 'common sense' repeatedly hammered into Free Human children from young. At three years old, an Ewworm would be attached to their butt, allowing it to consume their excreta and grow.

At eight years old, the Free Human was considered old enough to work for a living. After all, their Ewworm would have grown a small pickaxe by now.

They would be introduced into the mines, designated to work at locations far away from their parents, unaware of who their parents were. They would grow their entire lives without knowing the identity of their parents, creating a detachment.

As a result, a strong enough bond never formed among the Free Humans as they lived detached lives, mingling about a small group of Free Humans for their entire lives as work buddies.

Auta's wife had died when a cave wall collapsed upon her. It had been four years since that incident. The rest of his group too died from mining mishaps over the years, rendering him alone as everyone he grew up with was dead.

Rumble!

An almost spherical egg rolled towards him and touched his legs, alerting him of its existence. It was smooth to the touch, but hard enough that even his pickaxe failed to dent it.

It barely spanned the size of his little finger as Auta wondered what it was. Suddenly, a hole formed at its top, releasing an intoxicating scent into the air, mesmerising him, developing in him an urge to swallow its contents.

Honestly, Auta didn't have the experience to judge whether or not to swallow it. It had been a while since he last used his brain, having gotten accustomed to his monotonous, mundane life of repeated mining.

Hence, he was no different from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, driven by his instincts. With a gulp, he downed the contents of the egg, licking his lips in ecstasy, "A…amazing!"

There was a warm feeling in his stomach, following which a mysterious energy began to circulate through his bloodstream, little by little, soon reaching his heart. Gradually, the effect surged in his Spirit Container.

The Cold Shower had ended by now as Auta exited the mine to deliver his ore and received a bag of supplies, from food and water to medicines. Slinging his bag of goods on his back, Auta returned to his residence, an abandoned cave where no one lived.

His group had lived here once. And after everyone died, he was left alone in this damp location. In a daze, Auta slumped on his stone bed, using a rolled bundle of clothes as a pillow as he felt the mysterious energy continue to surge in his body, "I…never felt this good."

Unknown to him, peeking at him from the corner of the tunnel was an Empyrean Zinger Scout. As he lay on the stone bed, the egg in his possession rolled out and floated towards it.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout swallowed it and erased all traces of its actions, patiently waiting as Auta's stomach continued to digest the contents of the egg.

Almost four hours later, the digestion process concluded as the last trace of the energy entered his Spirit Container. Immediately, there was a minor surge in Prana, increasing his Prana value from eight to twelve.

Moreover, mysterious information flooded his mind. It was so much that he was almost overwhelmed by it, feeling like his head was about to shatter. But a warm feeling pervaded his head and healed the pain, allowing him to withstand it.

Another two hours passed by in such a fashion as the information finished condensing in his mind, allowing Auta to instinctively know what he had received, "T-This is the legendary cultivation technique of the Immortals."

He stared at his hands as goosebumps formed on his skin, causing both terror and unsurpassable euphoria. After all, what he had obtained was a chance encounter granted to him by the heavens, one that would pave the way for him to attain the heavens themselves.

It was the pinnacle treasure of Sumatra Continent, guarded closely by one of its strongest Clans, the Cooter Clan, descendants of Deities, the Empyrean Snappers.

Mystic Grade Cultivation Technique—Mystic Mist Art!



Chapter 298 Mystic Mist Elixir

"So, it's called Mystic Mist Art…" Auta muttered when suddenly, he noticed that he had forgotten what he was talking about when trying to mention the Mystic Mist Art. When he dropped the intention, he recalled everything.

After a few more attempts, he realised that he couldn't reveal his possession of the Mystic Mist Art to anyone. He would simply forget what he was about to speak whenever he tries that.

Auta wasn't bothered by it, knowing that revealing such a piece of information would cause his death. He was simple-minded but wasn't a retard.

Of course, nothing changed even after he obtained the Mystic Mist Art. He wasn't compatible with it, since it could only be cultivated by Cooter Clansmen. He couldn't control fluids like Spirit Weapons by employing it.

He also couldn't gather more Prana by cultivating it, since it wasn't a Free Human cultivation technique.

Even though they all looked like humans, there was a significant genetic difference between Free Humans and Clansmen. But the fact that he practiced Mystic Mist Art itself was something to be happy about.

After all, it influenced his Spirit Container, one that had never been influenced by a cultivation technique before. All Free Humans under the Cooter Clan never practiced a Free Human cultivation technique, having not been taught one.

After some time thinking of a future of grandeur, while being unaware that he couldn't achieve anything through a cultivation technique unsuitable for him, Auta fell asleep. Right as he did so, the Empyrean Zinger Scout arrived beside his bed and used its Prana to probe him.

By injecting a trace of Prana into his blood, it waited until the blood carried it toward his Spirit Container. The ambient Prana there rejected its Prana and caused it to dissipate. Based on the reaction, the Empyrean Zinger Scout determined that Auta had successfully learnt the Mystic Mist Art.

It slowly crept towards the mine's entrance and remained in wait for a few hours, letting out a shriek only when there was no Cooter Clansman in the vicinity. Even though its shriek was in a frequency range of sound inaudible to the ears of Cooter Clansmen, it still exercised caution.

Following its shriek, it ran deeper into the mine and hid in a corner. The Cooter Clansmen never entered the mine. They at most did it once a year to inspect and tally to concentration of mineral ores. After that, they would leave everything to the Free Humans after setting them a quota to be met daily.

As long as the Empyrean Zinger Scout hid deep in the mine, it wouldn't be found.

At an altitude of eight hundred metres on Fral Island's mountain, playing with Wittral in a painting contest was Inala. His expression remained unchanged as he heard the Empyrean Zinger Scout's shout.

"I won," He grinned and finished painting a realistic landscape of Fral Island. He then stared at Wittral's art and laughed, "What is that?"

"Five lines and a bunch of colours? That was all you did in an hour?" Tears streamed out of his eyes as Inala patted Wittral hysterically, "Man, you're horrible at this."

"I have never painted before," Wittral set aside the painting brush and complained, "I'm good at making sculptures, you know."

"Why don't we compete in that next?"

"Sure," Inala nodded as under Wittral's command, Nurnur brought in two bowls of clay. "What are we making?"

"Same," Wittral said and touched his bowl of clay, "A realistic figure of this island."

"Alright, let's start." Saying so, Inala had just begun to knead the clay when there was a completed figure on Wittral's side.

He simply used his Primary Nature to mould the clay into a perfect miniature version of the Fral Island, down to the intricate details.

"That is very cheap of you." Inala rolled his eyes and laughed sarcastically, "You probably have a Primary Nature related to moulding clay. That's why you challenged me to this contest."

"Your fault you accepted," Wittral shrugged, turned around, and ran away, "See you tomorrow, loser!"

"Wait, come back!" Inala shouted shrilly, expressing anger in his voice. Ten seconds later, he turned calm, no longer acting like a woman irritated by Wittral's antics.

He focused on his ears, nose, and finally his eyes, detecting Nurnur next to the house's side wall. She was slumped on a chair there, fiddling around with a bamboo stick out of boredom.

'Okay, her attention isn't on me.' Thinking as such, Inala sat on his straw bed and focused on his biome. A moment later, he spat out an Empyrean Zinger Scout and fed it the necessary information through a Bone Slip. Immediately after, he swallowed it, watching it relay the message to the rest of the Empyrean Zingers in his stomach.

Mystic Mist Art—Water Slip!

This was the Bone Slip equivalent for the Cooter Clan. But unlike the repeatability in use of the Bone Slips, Water Slips were one-time use each. After all, it had to be consumed for the information within it to appear in the mind of the consumer.

But unlike the Bone Slips which could only be accessed by Mammoth Clansmen, Water Clips were universal in nature, if the creator intended for that.

After all, as long as someone ingests the Water Slip and waits for their body to naturally digest it, once the resultant energy enters their Spirit Container, all the information contained in it would appear in their mind.

It was by using this advantageous factor that the Cooter Clan set up multiple Ravaged Tribes as their satellite stations, extending their influence through these satellite Ravaged Tribes that heeded the Cooter Clan's commands.

Using Lurt's data, Inala figured out an ingenious method of refining the Lifeforce-rich Life Bombs into Elixirs. These same Elixirs would allow the consumer to increase their Prana by large amounts.

The Life Bomb—containing Lifeforce from Iron Grade Pranic Beasts—could be refined into a Low-Grade Elixir.

The Life Bomb—containing Lifeforce from Silver Grade Pranic Beasts—could be refined into a Mid-Grade Elixir.

Inala's current expertise only allowed him to refine Low-Grade Elixirs, that too ones with such low quality that they only granted the consumer ten Prana. The Low-Grade Elixirs refined by his Empyrean Zingers were even worse.

But that wasn't his goal here. By fusing the Elixir with the Water Slip Skill, through the Mystic Mist Art, Inala generated a new Skill that could be activated using Mystic Bone Art.

It had to be noted that using Mystic Mist Art had consequences. The moment he uses any other cultivation technique, he would lose Prana permanently while his Spirit Container suffers damage. He had gone through that in the Sanrey Plains once already.

Using Mystic Mist Art would cause serious damage to him, making him lose tens of Prana with every activation. Hence, Inala couldn't use it unless necessary. Yes, he planned to use it later, but for his end goal. His current scheme didn't require that.

Through his Mystic Skill Creator, he was able to use Mystic Bone Art on his Prana Bomb's shell, able to influence the lifeforce-rich liquid within into becoming the fluid that Auta consumed.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Mist Elixir!

The consumer of the fluid present in this Life Bomb would gain the information stored in it. In Auta's case, that was information about the Mystic Mist Art and also a Skill that prevented him from disclosing the information to others, derived from his Prana Domination Skill.



Chapter 299 Inala Takes Action

A single vial of Mystic Mist Elixir required lifeforce from ten Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts or its equivalent. So, it was pretty expensive to make. Thankfully, he had already made enough preparations on Leh Island. Hence, his accumulations were sufficient enough for the time being.

The next day, right as the Death Hour started, Inala spat out an Empyrean Zinger Scout that had developed the most Prana. It had close to forty units, which wasn't much, but would get the job done.

It transformed its stomach into a biome and swallowed all the Prana Bombs—containing the Mystic Mist Elixir—that he spat out. He was merely using the Prana Bombs as handy containers to store around and transport the Mystic Mist Elixirs.

While Nurnur wasn't paying attention, the Empyrean Zinger Scout leaped out of the stone house's window and glided down the mountain, quickly reaching the mine's entrance. During the Death Hour, to prevent the Pranic Beasts from barging into the mine, the Cooter Clansmen laid down a wall of mist as a form of protection.

They would also cover the island with mist, ensuring the Pranic Beasts would stay put obediently and not run amok, since their detection means would be suppressed to the extreme within the mist.

As it was energy-draining to cover the entire island with the mist, right as the Death Hour ends, the Cooter Clansmen would retract it.

Right on time, the mist wall sealing the mine entrance vanished as the Death Hour ended, allowing the Empyrean Zinger Scout to enter it. That night, many people received a Mystic Mist Elixir. Of course, to prevent anyone from noticing it, the Empyrean Zinger Scout was subtle while delivering it.

It only delivered to those who were alone. For those moving about in groups, it waited until they were alone to give them the Mystic Mist Elixir. It had its work cut out, consuming the excess Prana Bombs in its biome to replenish the Prana necessary to maintain the biome.

Every day, hundreds of Free Humans obtained the Mystic Mist Art. And the containers containing them mysteriously disappeared from their possession.

'It's going well.' Inala thought and smiled while he painted another landscape of Fral island, this time with an abstract style using vibrant colours.

"Now you're just flexing your skills," Wittral complained right as he entered the house.

"Want some tea?" Inala asked and began to prepare some. Wittral instinctively wanted to refuse, but once he inhaled the aroma, he couldn't bear to do so.

Inala finished comprehending a good portion of Lurt's data and, hence became an expert in mixing ingredients. He was simply doing things as Lurt did and the result was spectacular. Wittral couldn't resist, subconsciously arriving promptly at times when Inala routinely brewed tea.

Lurt was a genius Drug Lord who had created his own cultivation technique, succeeding in a single generation. He was an enigma in the field of drugs.

Currently, he was in the Quip Tribe's territory at the Sanrey Plains, being controlled by the Empyrean Zinger King stationed there to refine medicines that bolstered the Quip Tribe's growth.

The more he learnt about Lurt, the more he understood how genius of a move it was to keep Lurt alive. 'He'll keep improving. In the future, right as he creates a second body, I can steal his updated data.'

Without Lurt's Primary Nature, it was impossible to refine drugs and medicines on such a level. But Inala had his own abilities to supplement the lack of the respective Primary Nature. He was able to ingeniously use his Prana Bombs and Life Bombs alongside a bunch of Skills to create a few beneficial medicines.

Mystic Bone Art was indeed a cultivation technique meant to refine the body's bones by using the stomach's digestion capabilities. Hence, there was always a way to use it for any situation. The efficiency varied, but it was possible to succeed.

The dawn, the next day, he took out a bunch of Empyrean Zinger Scouts right as Nurnur left the stone house.

The three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had begun attacking once again, this time a tad fiercer than before. It was only because Inala had triggered them again. He didn't personally communicate with them, but instead sent an Empyrean Zinger Scout.

It swam through the sea, approached them, hurled expletives at them, and committed suicide.

[Wittral wanted to ask if you three cowards will continue to remain spectators when he makes a meal out of your children?]

That was enough to rile them up once again as they rushed closer to Fral Island. Their actions startled Nurnur. Hence, she retracted the body meant to monitor Inala, for the loss of strength by even a single body would be life and death against a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

"Haha, finally!" Wittral roared at the challenge and leaped into the Dralh Sea, creating fierce waves as the entirety of the region in a 180-metre radius around him heeded his every command.

"Don't be reckless!" Nurnur shouted right as she recovered her cultivation to the 6-Life Stage and jumped after him, intending to keep him safe.

"I want to rest a little." Zakzak sighed as he too followed after Wittral and Nurnur.

While the two sides fought, Inala began to feed a bunch of Empyrean Zinger Scouts with Prana Bombs and Mystic Mist Elixirs. He had finished preparations and hence it was time to take action.

Every single Empyrean Zinger Scout scaled up the mountain on Fral Island in miniature forms, holding a large volume of items in their stomach biomes. Once they reached the peak, they leaped and began to glide in various directions, heading to different islands scattered nearby on the Dralh Sea.

Their task was the get the Free Humans on other islands to learn the Mystic Mist Art.

"Yawn!" Inala casually exited the stone house and observed the battle between the trio of Wittral, Nurnur, and Zakzak and the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Wittral's side was steadily losing, so it wouldn't be long before they returned to the safety of the island.

Even now, they were fighting it safe and made it a training experience for Wittral. Nurnur and Zakzak ensured none of their bodies sustained any life-threatening injuries.

After observing them for a few seconds, Inala took action. He left behind a puppet of himself to take his place while he took on his male form and ran down the mountain.

In a stone hut built close to the foot of the mountain were two Cooter Clansmen, in charge of the island's mist formation. As it wasn't time for the Death Hour to begin, they were relaxed. Suddenly, a shadow leaped behind them, shocking them.

Before they could react, a dozen Prana Hands slammed into each, with a couple of them taking charge to cover their mouths, muffling their screams. With their Prana being stolen from so many directions, the resulting pain was unbearable, knocking them both unconscious.

"That was quick." Inala nodded as he wiped his sweat. Perched on his body were dozens of Empyrean Zinger Scouts, with each of them wielding four Prana Hands. One moment was all he needed in such close range to knock out his opponents.

They were only at the Body Stage and weren't his match. Inala enveloped the two Cooter Clansmen in a Prana Bomb, activated Internal Inertial Gravity to bend space within and shrink it, and then swallowed it.

Two minutes later, he spat out two puppets, bearing a striking resemblance to the originals, emanating the same presence and Prana signature. Inspecting the details on the two puppets, Inala nodded in praise and disappeared like the wind, not producing the faintest sound.

He was planning to deal with the sixteen Body Stage Cooter Clansmen on Fral Island first and replace them with his puppets.



Chapter 300 Who’s Trapping Who?

Inala wasn't wasting his time while getting close to Wittral. No, he was also spying for information about the rest of the Cooter Clansmen on the island.

As he observed them, through his attention to detail as an artist, he noted how they moved and behaved while talking to each other, their body language and facial expressions regarding various topics, etc.

Scattered across Fral Island were his Empyrean Zinger Scouts hiding within stones, listening to their every conversation. All these data were transmitted to him by a series of shrieks at opportune moments.

Inala then relayed this information to the Empyrean Zinger Scouts who began to build puppets for every single Cooter Clansman.

When he enveloped two of them in a Prana Bomb, shrunk it, and swallowed it, the Prana Bomb returned to its original size once it was in his biome. It shattered to reveal two unconscious Cooter Clansmen.

Immediately in response, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts ganged upon them, peeling off their eyes, hair, throat, and skin to complete their puppet.

One of them then used the Skill of Prana Domination, losing fifty Prana in the process permanently as it had unleashed this Skill through the Mystic Mist Art. Before it lost all Prana, the Empyrean Zinger Scout succeeded in transforming the Cooter Clansman into a Spirit Weapon.

It then consumed a bunch of Elixirs, forcibly elevating its Prana capacity in order to control such a powerful Cooter Clansman. With a thought from it, a stream of Prana surged into the Cooter Clansman and actuated his Spirit Container, causing his body to release Prana which was influenced by his Primary Nature, generating a colourful mist.

A group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts grunted in pain as they activated Mystic Mist Art and refined this mist into their Spirit Weapon, for that was the ability granted to those who cultivated this cultivation technique.

Mammoth Clansmen controlled bones they refined as a Spirit Weapon. Similarly, Cooter Clansmen controlled clouds—any fluid—they refined as a Spirit Weapon.

After generating enough of the colourful mist, they stored them all in Prana Bombs, compressing them to the limit. Following that, these Empyrean Zinger Scouts consumed some Elixirs and took position within the lungs of the puppet they had finished refining.

Both the puppets had containers of Prana Bombs with the mist specially generated by the respective Cooter Clansman's Primary Nature. They would be able to control it like a Spirit Weapon and play off as the original.

The two Cooter Clansmen were still in the biome, unconscious, bound by Prana Bomb coffins. If there was a need for more of their exclusive mist, it would be extracted from them. Inala would then supply it to the respective puppet.

He stared at the two puppets and observed them working perfectly. Their actions, voice, body language, and Prana signature were all perfect. As a demonstration, one of them brought out a small cloud and controlled it before retracting it.

"It looks good enough." Inala nodded and left behind a word of caution as he disappeared, "Only do the bare minimum necessary."

Exiting the stone house, his figure jumped from one place to another like a piece of cotton candy, generating no sound as he quickly approached another house and sauntered into it.

Two seconds later, the three Cooter Clansmen within were unconscious. Like before, he stored them in his biome and replaced them with their puppets. It took less than twenty minutes before Inala dealt with all 16 Cooter Clansmen.

'Even their leader is weak.' He thought, understanding how strong he had gotten once he decided to go all out. Since he only took action after completing his preparations, there was no room for error. When he struck, he won, immediately.

The Cooter Clansman acting as the Fral Island's leader was at the peak of the Body Stage. After he was replaced by a puppet, Inala observed that the battle between Wittral and the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts was about to end.

He hurriedly returned to his stone hut, swallowed the puppet acting as him, took on his female form, and sat pretty. He began to brew tea, making a lot of it this time, smiling brightly as a bloody Wittral sauntered in, "You're beaten up pretty badly this time."

"Those damn cowards are stronger than I had expected." Wittral grumbled, "They stopped fighting once I dealt serious injuries to one of them."

"Are you…alright?" Inala asked, worried, "You're dripping blood all over the place."

"These wounds? They are nothing." Wittral laughed as his injuries healed in a matter of seconds, "I'm an expert in terms of recovery."

"Your Human Avatar equivalent must be either at the peak of the Silver Grade or even…" Inala muttered, solemn, nodding in realisation after staring at Wittral, "I see, no wonder Nurnur called you special."

"Your powers are at the Gold Grade."

'Nurnur and her loose mouth.' Wittral's eye twitched for a moment upon realising that he too hadn't taken much care in masking his abilities. He then patted his stomach and slumped at one corner, "Anyway, I'm starving."

"Gimme some tea."

"Right on time," Inala poured him a cup, "I made extra after seeing your fight."

"You were able to see from this far away?" Wittral raised an eyebrow.

"As if," Inala rolled his eyes, "Nothing was visible through the ink-black sea. But I could see the violent splashes and the occasional sounds produced from your fight."

"Say," Wittral expressed his curiosity once he emptied an entire jug of tea, "How did our fight compare to your Empire's Princes and Princesses?"

"It was okay, I guess?" Inala tilted his head, "I mean, a Brimgan Empire's Royalty is labelled a Prince or Princess only after they have killed a Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"That's our customary tradition. So, all of them are very strong."

"That's interesting." Wittral nodded as he thought of something all of a sudden and slapped his thigh, saying, "Oh right, I forgot to mention."

"The ship will be arriving in two days." He said, "I received word from my Settlement Leader that the ship would be ready to set out for the Brimgan Empire once you receive your share of Influence Easing Elixir."

"Really?" Inala became excited at the news, "Thank goodness. I was starting to miss home already."

"Is that so?" Wittral laughed and asked, "Since you're leaving early, why not tell me more stories before you set off?"

"Sure," Inala nodded and began speaking, "There was a time when my grandfather went to the Dieng Canyon. He faced off against four Zinger Kings alone…"

It was late into the night by the time Wittral left the house. He calmly walked down a beaten path, feeling a pair of eyes on him. He eventually walked to the shore and entered a stone house. But right upon entering it, he tapped the ground, creating a tunnel in which he jumped.

The ground parted way for him to run through as Wittral used his Primary Nature to quickly scale up the mountain from the underground tunnel, soon surfacing at an altitude of two kilometres. He walked out of the tunnel to stare at the figure of the 6-Life Stage Nurnur beside him, asking, "Did you find out anything?"

"Yeah," Nurnur nodded, "While handing out rations today, I noticed the eyes of the Free Humans shine with hope. They glinted with a lustre I have never seen before."

Right as she spoke, she stared down at the stone house situated at an altitude of six hundred metres, watching the figure of Inala stealthily sneak out and scale down the mountain, "As I suspected."

"Her true objective for coming here is our Free Humans."



