Chapter 551 Three Parts Become a Whole

﻿﻿Mutated Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Celestial Boar!

Brangara remained in his human form, not revealing his Pranic Beast form for the time being, afraid that he might accidentally squish his family. He stared at the pillar of light emanating from him and suppressed his Tertiary Nature, succeeding after a couple of seconds. "Good, it receded."

The pillar of light vanished, revealing a damaged Attributed Region whose walls were starting to collapse. He looked around, noticing the figures of Raaha, Geugeu, and Boul Brimgan at the closest.

He then observed that Resha had taken flight already and was high up in the air now, taking advantage of the collapse of the Attributed Region. Since it started to collapse, the massive layer of earth above the Attributed Region began to fall through.

"We need to leave this place first," Brangara said and enveloped himself and his family within the tangible body of an Empyrean Tusk that marched through the broken Attributed Region's layers and reached a flight of stairs that remained intact.

The tangible body of the Empyrean Tusk retracted into the Boar King who led his family through the flight of stairs, asking upon inspecting the condition of his children, "How's your state now?"

"This disease won't kill us, Dad." Barla said, "The caster only intended to use us to distract you. He wanted you to bring us and head to the Cooter Clan so that the Mammoth Clan could focus on getting the Major Treasure of Attribute."

"How's he now?" Brangara stared at Yarsha Zahara to ask.

"In my possession," Yarsha Zahara clenched her hand into a fist, "I'll be able to revive him once I accumulate enough Prana."

"Good, we'll first leave this place." Brangara said and glared at the individuals who were rapidly fleeing from the region, clicking his tongue in disappointment, "Their reaction speed is terrifying. Even when I ambushed them with the Bolts of Transcendence, they still managed to preserve their lives."

"Shouldn't we take this chance to kill them?" Yarsha Zahara said and stared at the fleeing figure of Inala, "Especially him."

"That's not possible." The Boar King shook his head, "Even when I had activated over twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, I failed to kill him. Or rather, he almost killed me instead."

"But aren't you way stronger now?" She asked in shock, "I can clearly feel that you're on a whole other level as compared to before."

"I indeed am," Brangara nodded, "But I have zero experience using these abilities. Had the Attributed Region remained intact, I could have killed Inala, but he's already flying away."

"It's impossible to catch up to him in a short time. And even if I do, I'd rapidly lose my Lifespan and end up dead." Brangara said, "Currently, I don't have the means to counter him. So, we need to be strategic with our actions."

"Then, are we heading to the Dieng Canyon?" Yarsha Zahara asked, "There should be some Zinger Queens there."

"Yes, that's the plan." Brangara nodded as they reached the surface. He then carried them and began to sprint in the direction of the Dieng Canyon. A tangible Empyrean Tusk body manifested in the air once before entering Barla's body. The same happened to the bodies of everyone, allowing them to experience the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Once they were ready, Brangara spiked his speed, going supersonic.

Primary Nature—Voracious Cultivator!

Secondary Nature—Astral World!

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

Major Treasure—Tangible Natures!

Originally, Brangara's Primary Nature of Voracious Nature was capable of swallowing Natures without a limit. It was the same power as an Empyrean Boar. The problem with it was the fact that the gained Natures were stored in the body like fat deposits, causing them to affect the Empyrean Boar and turn it mad.

Astral Chart collected these Natures and stored them in his Spirit Container. As a result, it allowed the Boar King to free his body of the excess influences. Now, he only needed to face the influences of these Natures similar to what every Human cultivator experienced with their Nature.

Astral Chart allowed him to control and suppress the Natures he had obtained through Voracious Nature. This allowed Brangara to store up to a hundred Natures without losing his mind like the Empyrean Boars.

Moreover, unlike Empyrean Boars, Brangara could stack multiple Natures atop each other, similar to Humans stacking their bodies at the Life Stage. This allowed him to output a level of power far above the usual.

When an Empyrean Boar unleashed the Natures stored in its body, it was no different from opening the gates of a dam. All the Natures would gush out individualistically. Even if it had ten Natures of Prana Shock, it couldn't stack them upon each other like Brangara.

Instead, ten different effects of Prana Shock would be released, which was infinitely weaker than a combined release of Prana Shock stacked ten times through Astral Chart.

Finally, his Tertiary Nature of Cultivator allowed him to assume a human form and cultivate through the Life Stage like humans. Stacking many bodies allowed him to grow even stronger.

But at the end of the day, as the Boar King analysed his weaknesses, he realised that all his Natures existed solely to make him stronger individually. The three Natures were groundbreaking on their own, but Brangara wanted a simple outcome.

Three Natures that acted in synergy and behaved like a single Nature!

That was what he wanted to go for, the primary principle behind his evolution.

Primary Nature—Voracious Cultivator!

This allowed Brangara to digest any organic matter he consumed. If he doesn't wish to store a Nature, he could consider it as food and use it to grow his body.

Voracious Cultivator was a fusion between his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature and Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. It allowed him to consume Free Humans and Pranic Beasts, including their Natures to cultivate his body.

Basically, it allowed him to mature faster. Until now, he was only able to do that by consuming Empyrean Tusks and Snappers. Through Voracious Cultivator, he could reap the same benefits from all living beings, especially since he could use their Natures as fuel.

Originally, if he didn't wish to store a Nature in his Astral Chart, all its essence would be expended out of his body in the form of poop. But now, it could be broken down into pure energy capable of growing his body.

If he doesn't wish to use the Natures as food, Brangara could store them in his stomach, which was where his Secondary Nature came into effect.

Secondary Nature—Astral World!

This was created by the fusion of Astral Chart and his giant stomach biome. Astral Chart was no different from a train, with a Pranic Beast stuffed in each of the compartments and suppressed. Astral World would allow them to freely live in a place habitable to Natures.

Here, the Natures could manifest themselves through Prana, living freely as they did when alive. Brangara wouldn't be suppressing them like before. Instead, he would nurture them and cultivate their abilities.

If an Empyrean Tusk lived in the Astral World, it would live as its original life, continuing to roam about in the Astral World while going about with its life. It would eat, shit, fight for resources, etc. the usual stuff.

While doing so, it would use its Primary Nature, Skills, and Prime Skills. Through Astral World, Brangara would be able to harness the entirety of its true power.

To date, when he used Internal Inertial Gravity, his usage was empirical at best, on par with Inala when he was at the Sanrey Plains. As he had only used them when absolutely necessary, Brangara barely had any experience in using Internal Inertial Gravity.

Had he possessed the same experience as an Empyrean Tusk, simply stacking four Internal Inertial Gravity would have allowed him to kill Inala's Royal Zinger form.

Brangara lacked not just experience in using the Nature, but also the Skills and Prime Skills that could have been used to further amplify the power of the Natures for various situations.

Twenty years ago, he never needed such things, as even the strongest foes he faced—the Empyrean Tusk herd—only necessitated two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity from his side to have an even battle.

Activate one more, and he'd have the advantage. Only after the Mystic Seven came into place was Brangara's original strategy made lacking.

Hence, to counter that disadvantage, he developed Astral World, a world where Natures could manifest themselves in their original forms—Humans or Pranic Beasts—through Prana and live life. Over time, they would regain their original abilities.

Brangara would then cultivate them, making them experience different things based on the scenario he creates in the Astral World and have them adapt to such situations. As a result, they'll be creating Skills and Prime Skills accordingly to use their Natures better.

When Brangara activates the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, an Empyrean Tusk in his Astral World would vanish and appear in his Spirit Container, allowing him to behave in the same way as the Empyrean Tusk.

He would use Internal Inertial Gravity just as the Empyrean Tusk did when alive and could also perform all its Skills and Prime Skills.

Astral Chart suppressed the influence of Natures but Astral World allowed Brangara to be influenced by them instead. But due to the sheer difference in their state of being, with him being at the pinnacle as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, irrespective of the strength of the influence, Brangara would remain himself.

It wasn't just that. As these Natures lived in the Astral World, they were subjected to Brangara's influence. As a result, even if they remained as themselves, over time, their disposition would change to be subservient to Brangara instead.

Once he deactivates the Nature, the Empyrean Tusk would dissipate. But unlike before when all its residue would be expelled from his body, his Primary Nature would consume the remainder and use it to grow his body.

That brings us to his Tertiary Nature, one through which he gained the title of the fittest in Sumatra.

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

It was the same as Boul Brimgan's Secondary Nature. In the latter's case, his Secondary Nature turned his Spirit Weapon—

when refined to its zenith—into a Minor Treasure. For Brangara, the effects of his Tertiary Nature weren't applied to a Spirit Weapon or something but rather to himself.

Yes, he was a Major Treasure, a living, breathing one. And best of all, he was a Mystic Grade Major Treasure.

Major Treasure—Tangible Natures!

This was very simple. Instead of using his stored Natures as his own like in the past, Brangara could manifest their state in the Astral World to the outside world too. This was how he manifested the tangible Empyrean Tusk body.

And through the effects of his Tertiary Nature, Brangara could fuse these Tangible Natures into the bodies of others. There were plenty of restrictions related to this aspect, especially since the original rules of Voracious Nature and Astral Chart were still in effect.

So, he could only use his stored Natures once. And upon being deactivated, they would vanish. Brangara had yet to experiment with how he could stretch that limit through his Tertiary Nature, a reason why he refrained from fighting Inala.

Because in terms of comprehension, it seemed Inala understood his new abilities more than Brangara. So, until he had a decent enough comprehension, Brangara refrained from taking action against a fellow Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that he judged to be a genuine threat now. After all, he almost died to the latter.

Overall, his three Natures worked as a singular unit. Basically, what Brangara achieved were three pinnacle Mystic Grade Natures with split functions. Their true ability was displayed when activated simultaneously, allowing the three Natures to influence and harmonise with each other, resulting in a power that surpassed Sumatra's power system.

In essence, Brangara had one Nature that was fractured to become three Mystic Grade Natures of Voracious Cultivator, Astral World, and Major Treasure.



Chapter 552 Boul Brimgan’s Declaration of War

﻿﻿"This is the worst-case scenario." Hidden next to the ruins of a broken monolith, Rhanalla's body trembled in fright. Originally, the Boar King only terrified her. Every time he was in range, her Primary Nature screamed at her to flee far away from him.

But once he became the Celestial Boar, Rhanalla felt through her Primary Nature one thing: Don't even think about facing him!

This was why every single Empyrean Tusk in the Attributed Region was warning the rest to run away, for they could instinctively feel that the Boar King was becoming more and more terrifying.

It had been a mere two thousand years since the appearance of the Boar King. But in that short duration, the Empyrean Tusks living on Sumatra had evolved to instinctively fear him. This fear existed so that they wouldn't be foolish in trying to face him and instead would flee the moment they sensed him.

Even after Rhanalla obtained the Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity, one that allowed her to transform her Empyrean Tusk form into a humanoid version with greater defense, offense, and mobility, she had zero confidence in facing the Boar King. This was fear originating from the genetic level.

Hence, even though she could have joined the fight, considering how she was already in Layer 1, Rhanalla refrained from doing so, considering her job to be done the moment she watched Inala enter the centre of the Attributed Region.

'He's leaving.' She suppressed her presence to the limit and peeked from behind the broken monolith to stare at the figure of Brangara entering a flight of stairs to leave the Attributed Region. Only then could she relax.

A few seconds later, she exited her hiding position and observed the rest of the Empyrean Tusks reveal themselves one after another, following which they rushed towards her.

"Why? Why has he grown even more scary?" Trulla cried in fright, "Let's run away!"

"We don't occupy much space in our human forms. Let's take this chance to leave Sumatra." Wrunnala wasn't joking around, her expression staunch, "This is no longer a place where we can survive."

"Don't move!" Followed by a cold shout, a golden feline appeared behind Rhanalla. One after another, six golden flashes condensed to form golden felines that surrounded the group of Empyrean Tusks.

Standing far away was the figure of Boul Brimgan, his expression fierce as he stared at the group, "Reveal your identities…"

"Retract your felines." Raaha grabbed Boul Brimgan's hand, clenching hard, "They are my people."

"This isn't the time to be fighting each other."

"Empyrean Tusks?" Boul Brimgan frowned as he detected the presence of the group of women standing a few kilometres away from him. He glared at Raaha, "Were you behind the disappearance of a hundred of my Kingdom's Royals?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about." Raaha said as Prana began to emanate from his body, "Why don't we calm down first? We need to figure out a way to face the Boar King."

"Face him? How?" Geugeu was seated on the floor, pretty exhausted, "Even when he was ill-prepared to face us, we failed to kill him. And now, he's evolved to become an absolute existence. Even if he remains at the Body Stage, we're no longer his opponents."

"My Cooter Clan doesn't wish to be annihilated needlessly. If necessary, we'll submit to the Boar King's rule." Geugeu raised his hands in surrender, "There…is no other choice."

"Coward!" Both Raaha and Boul Brimgan cursed simultaneously, following which they glared at each other.

"I'm facing reality, unlike grandeurs of delusion the both of you harbour." Geugeu glared in response as Prana flared out of his body, ready to fight.

As the trio glared at each other, the ceiling collapsed. Once the Attributed Region began to collapse, the layer of earth above it fractured and started to cave in. It was because when the Bolts of Transcendence slammed into the Attributed Region, they first poked through the layer of earth above it.

As a result, the landmass in the region was riddled with holes, which caused cracks to form once the pillars—the walls of the Attributed Region—propping them up collapsed. And now, large pieces of earth began to fall.

It was unknown if the Attributed Region would ever recover. Considering it was made from water, there was a possibility it would regain its function in the future. But at present, there was no hope, for Brangara consumed a good portion of the Attribute's influence in it. Inala too had done the same, albeit the portion he consumed was smaller than Brangara.

'Time to leave!' Raaha thought as his figure flickered to evade a massive block of earth that collapsed upon his area. He used it as a chance to flee, communicating with the Empyrean Tusks along the way as the group made their escape.

"Boul!" Harla Brimgan shouted in sadness as she approached him, hugging him as she shed tears.

"Mother! What happened?" Boul Brimgan asked in alarm, having never seen his mother in such a pitiful state.

"Your father…is dead." Harla Brimgan wheezed in sadness, barely managing to gather enough strength to utter, "The Boar King killed him."

"I see," Boul Brimgan said as he patted her back and stared at the group that joined with her once the walls of the Attributed Region began collapsing. "Let's leave first."

The Attributed Creatures streamed towards the centre, instinctively moving to clutter in one place. As they moved, the dense water originating from the collapsed walls followed them.

The group erected a wave of influence resembling the Attribute, using which they drew the dense water along with them and gathered in the centre, erecting a dome first. They intended to condense a smaller Attributed Region first and keep it functional.

Following that, they would gradually recover the rest of the region over time, drawing in water from all across the region, for the Attributed Region was situated in a location where multiple channels of water streamed in.

'We have suffered disastrous losses this time.' Boul Brimgan thought as he led his group of Free Humans to the surface, using the stairs of Path K to arrive at the entrance that had formed next to Varahan Mansion.

A nauseous stench of burning blood and melting corpses slammed into his olfactory senses as Boul Brimgan stared around, observing that everywhere his gaze was cast upon, only death greeted him.

His expression was placid, but his eyes were beet red, as blood had rushed to the spot at a greater concentration than usual.

"Son…" Harla Brimgan called out to him, only to see Boul Brimgan not react to her voice. Instead, he walked along the street, slow in his pace, moving about like a normal guy without any trace of power. He took in the scenes of devastation, etching everything in his mind.

"As long as I am alive, I'll never forget this." He muttered as the Raid Team led by Bronsk Brimgan landed behind him. Slowly, Boul Brimgan turned around to stare at the group, "Tell the historians to note this event in great detail."

"Today is a historic day in which we Royals have grandly failed in our role. We're the pinnacle of incompetence."

"Yes, Your Majesty." Bronsk Brimgan kneeled in response, his emotions in a state of upheaval as reports of the death toll reached him.

34 million!

That was the death toll of the Brimgan Empire from the moment the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself. Even now, more and more Brimgan Empire's people were dying. After all, Pranic Beasts from the surrounding regions continued to invade the Empire whose defences were at an all-time low.

Brimgan Royals formed the pinnacle of their defensive force, being the threat that deterred the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the Brimgan Empire's surroundings. The Mammoth Clan killed more than a hundred of them, creating a vacuum of power.

Adding to that was Brandal Brimgan's death, a powerhouse whose mere presence thwarted even the strongest of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Virala in his Empyrean Tusk form failed to do anything against such an opponent. That was the proof of his strength. And now, that powerhouse was no more.

The vacuum of power left in the wake of his untimely death was tremendous. Had Brandal Brimgan been alive, the Brimgan Empire wouldn't have been devastated to such an extent. The Raid Team would have been more effective against the Boar King, since the core of their attack strategy revolved around Brandal Brimgan's abilities.

The Brimgan Empire's population was around 140 million. 24 percent of that died in the Second Major Disaster, with close to twenty percent killed by the Boar King alone.

"Mother, I'll be taking complete control of the Empire." Boul Brimgan said, his tone full of authority as he stared at the lava-

covered land filled with craters that stretched for kilometres without an end, "I'm changing Free Humans at a fundamental level."

"What will you be doing?" Harla Brimgan asked, expressing her resolve, "Whatever you plan to do, you have my full cooperation."

"Thank you, mother." Boul Brimgan said as he condensed a ship and carried everyone towards the palace, "I'm visiting our library. It's time we use everything at our disposal and not limit ourselves to records from recent times."

"Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Natures, Cultivation techniques, minerals, plus Minor Treasures." He muttered, "We're going to publicise our knowledge reserve and strengthen everyone at the foundational level."

"Moreover," Boul Brimgan glared at the entrance to the Attributed Region, "There are many Minor Treasures and valuable minerals inside. Since every other force has left, we can take our time farming them all."

"It's time the Brimgan Empire started to exert its foundation." Veins popped all over his face as he proclaimed, "I'll continue to grow stronger, using everything at my disposal. From these recent events, I've realised that there's plenty of room for growth for me. This isn't the end of my strength. I can grow stronger, and faster. I'll gain strength faster than everyone. And one day, once I become strong enough, I'll challenge the Boar King."

"And kill him!" His words boomed across the place as he made a beeline towards the Golden Giant, "Every single existence that dared to harm my home will pay the price for their arrogance!"

He stopped at the palace and addressed the distressed citizens mourning the loss of their beloved, "Effective henceforth, the Brimgan Empire will enter a state of war and will continue to fight until all our enemies,"

His voice increased in pitch to form a bellow that reverberated across the Brimgan Empire, amplified through the Major Treasure of Deity, "Are annihilated!"



Chapter 553 Kill the Dieng Canyon Rulers

﻿﻿As the majority of the Attributed Region collapsed, the ground caved in, falling to form a crater with a depth of two kilometres. Amidst the wreckage, amidst billowing dust, there was a vortex. The ground churned as if it were liquid and parted open to form a tunnel, through which the figure of Wittral walked out, uninjured.

For someone capable of controlling the surrounding terrain, the ground caving in was never an issue. Upon arriving at the surface, he stared at the sky in a daze, unable to process everything that he had witnessed.

When Brangara summoned over a hundred Bolts of Transcendence, Inala had extended a hand to save Asaeya. That was the puzzling point.

Wittral knew who Asaeya was, for based on the story that was told to him, the trio of Inala, Asaeya, and Gannala had been captured by Loot. And then, Inala was killed for his power to be transferred to Amita by Maroppa.

The transfer of power wasn't problematic. After all, Maroppa did the same to Wittral, allowing him to gain the power of both a Brimgan Royal and a Clumped Finger into a form suitable for himself. So, having Amita obtain Inala's power wasn't odd either.

The problem stemmed from an inconsistency. When Amita's male form left the Brimgan Empire for whatever reason, the group accompanying him consisted of Hayaya and Lannla. But when he returned, the one accompanying him was Asaeya.

Wittral didn't see the group of Empyrean Tusk women accompanying Inala. By the time he arrived at Layer 1, Inala was already facing the Boar King.

Wittral's suspicions only originated from Inala's action of trying to save Asaeya, and her existence. Since Loot was there at the centre, it could be thought of as Asaeya working for him now, either by being brainwashed or blackmailed. Whatever the case might be, there could be reasons associated with her existence.

There didn't seem any concrete reason to kill her at all, since among the trio, only Inala and Gannala were valuable for Loot's objectives. So, maybe Loot brought Asaeya to the Attributed Region for some reason.

But then, why did Inala try to save her? At that moment, was he Amita? Or was he Inala?

Wittral struggled to figure out an answer, feeling a blighting pain in his chest. He stared around, able to spot Asaeya far away, accompanied by a group of women who were fleeing the place.

If he wanted, he could reach her quickly and ask her the truth. But for some reason, his feet refused to move. Was it hesitation? Was it fear? He didn't know.

Oftentimes, a sweet lie was significantly more comforting than the bitter truth. Wittral was in such a state, calming down as he emotionally countered whatever details his mind was picking up from the scenes he had observed.

'Have I been used? No, if that was the case, there would have been no reason for Amita to send me the Nature Weapon with a Brimgan Royal's power. My strength increased by leaps and bounds thanks to it.' Wittral shook his head, 'Then, if Amita is still the same, how can I explain her recent actions?'

"My head hurts." He clenched his head and gasped, crouching low to stare at a faint stream of water gushing out of the ground. It was filling up the hole he had dug out from, forming a pond. Though turbulent, it reflected his figure.

Wittral stared at a female in the reflection, feeling disjointed with reality. He realised that he was a woman now. It wasn't the realisation of him being a female that troubled him, but the fact that his emotional connection to Amita was strange.

The emotion of love he felt, was it from Wittral towards Amita? Or was it from Dhya towards Amita? If it was the former, why was he feeling heartache now? The fact that his natural state of being was as a female now meant his thoughts were clouded, unable to make a judgement from Wittral's perspective. Instead, the only available perspective was that of Dhya's, which is why he was concerned about Inala approaching Asaeya.

Asaeya's existence wasn't of a concern to him, but rather, Inala's involvement with her was what troubled him the most. This was unlike him. But somehow, it made perfect sense to him now, not as Wittral, but as Dhya.

Until now, Wittral accepted his changes without issues. After all, he had no other identity apart from his relation to Amita, having given up his old self at the Dralh Sea. And now, when the truthfulness of the identity itself was being questioned, he spiralled into a series of mental conflicts.

It would take a while to sort things out. And the solution to it was to have a conversation with the Royal Zinger.

At the same time, the person in question was in the air, hovering at an altitude of four kilometres above ground. Through his exceptional eyesight which was further enhanced after becoming a Royal Zinger, Inala observed Brangara and his family leaving in the direction of the Dieng Canyon.

'He's in human form but is faster than before. And somehow, he has infused the power of Internal Inertial Gravity into the bodies of his every family member.' Inala thought, figuring out Brangara's plan, 'He's planning to capture the Zinger Queens and stockpile as many Natures of Life Bombs as possible.'

Life Bomb was the only Nature through which Brangara had a fighting chance against Inala. Without it, there was always a possibility of him being killed by Inala.

"Do I chase him?" Inala muttered as he inspected his condition, clicking his tongue in regret, "Dammit! Only 1000 Prana left."

Inala's Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty had a set of rules, which he had devised while keeping in mind the growth and maturity rates of Pranic Beasts at various Grades.

The Royal Zinger's base state was as an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast. This allowed Inala to mature at the fastest speed possible. And when necessary, he'd upgrade himself to superior forms—Grades—to take advantage of for accumulation means.

As a Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, while remaining in this form, Inala had a Prana of 10800 and a Lifespan of 10,000 years. Theoretically, he could remain in this state until the end of his lifespan.

But, that is in the case he refrains from using Prana. Basically, the way Mystic Royalty worked was through the Prana and Lifespan values of his Royal Zinger form at various Grades.

Inala needed to consume an amount equal to the Prana and Lifespan of his Royal Zinger form at Beginner Gold Grade to upgrade himself from Expert Silver Grade to Beginner Gold Grade. He'd have to consume the Prana and Lifespan of his Royal Zinger form at Intermediate Gold Grade to upgrade to that stage, so on, and so forth.

The endpoint of this upgrade was at the Beginner Mystic Grade. And in the same way he upgrades himself, the conditions were in reverse to return to his base state.

Currently, he is a Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast with a Prana capacity of 10800 and a Lifespan of 10000 years. Once he expends either of the two, he'd return to Expert Silver Grade.

In Lifespan terms, he'd have to live 10,000 years as a Beginner Mysitc Grade Pranic Beast. This was basically the end, so there was no control in the Lifespan aspect. It was left to his Prana.

The moment Inala consumes 10800 units of Prana in his Mystic Grade form, he'd revert to his Expert Silver Grade form. In his fight against the Boar King, Inala primarily employed the Boar King's Prana to fight.

But he ended up using his Prana to create Biome Bombs, morphing its shape, and controlling the grey sand through psychokinesis. These activities involved his Prana, which caused the expenditure.

Inala didn't use Perfect Biome Domination crazily because that would use up his Prana too fast. And the moment his expenditure reaches 10800 units, he'd instantly become an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

In close combat against the Boar King, that was suicide. Even Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers were pummelled by him in close combat, not to mention a Silver Grade Royal Zinger which wasn't equipped for the action.

Hence, he only attacked in ways after calculating a realistic method to kill the Boar King. It took time but was guaranteed success. And then, things happened and the Boar King evolved to become a Celestial Boar.

Currently, Inala had a bit over 1000 units of Prana to use in his Mystic Grade form. To chase after the Boar King, he would have to use Perfect Biome Domination aggressively, which wasn't wise at the moment.

'There's a lot at stake here.' He thought and touched his stomach where a Biome Bomb was sneakily hidden. He carefully extracted it and sensed the interior through his Secondary Nature, clicking his tongue in response, "Too many died."

The majority of the Quip Tribe was destroyed during Inala's evolution. In that situation, all he could do was focus on the most vital members—the Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen, the two Mutated Empyrean Zinger Kings, and Quip Clansmen.

Altogether, they numbered 23. They were the only survivors. The remainder of the Zingers and Quip Tribesmen were all vaporised by the residual power from the Bolts of Transcendence.

While evolving, Inala could only protect this group. Any more, and he would have been too distracted to succeed in evolution.

Currently, the size of his Biome Bomb was limited to his Spirit Weapon range—meaning a sphere with a radius of 180 metres. These twenty-three individuals were residing in the Biome Bomb.

As Inala created it while at the Mystic Grade, the Biome Bomb will grow plants, water, land, and everything else he wants. He only needs to infuse enough Prana for that, 'Even now, my Prana is steadily flowing into it to keep them alive.'

Technically, he could open an entrance and fill the interior with air from outside, but Inala refrained from doing that. After all, the twenty-three individuals inside were in their purest state of being, only carrying Inala's influence on them.

So, he wanted to maintain them in that state until he gathered his bearings and made plans for the future. 'Then, there's only one way.'

Inala stared at the Biome Bomb filled with the Boar King's Prana and Lifespan. His arm grabbed it and craned with all its strength. Staring at the figure of Resha who was tailing the Boar King from the sky, Inala infused most of his remaining Prana into the Biome Bomb, "This will help you, Resha."

"Since you put your mind to it, commit fully." With that, he hurled the Biome Bomb towards Resha, watching it enter hypersonic speeds and rapidly approach the target. The Prana and Lifeforce in it would assist Resha, allowing him to target Brangara better. In the meantime, it would achieve its goal, which was pretty simple.

Kill the Deing Canyon Rulers before Brangara reaches them.



Chapter 554 Spamming Gravity Funnels

﻿﻿All of Inala's Biome Bombs were capable of sentient function as long as they had his Prana. Therefore, the Biome Bomb he sent hurling towards Resha would be able to gather Prana and Lifeforce to either transfer them to Resha or birth an army of Zingers.

With close to 1000 units of his Prana, the Biome Bomb should be able to keep functioning for at least a few months. But, if there was a pressing situation where the Biome Bomb would have to actively use its abilities, it would be expending his Prana faster.

And once all his Prana is used up, it would lose its sentient capabilities. This was something he derived from the Satellites and Comets of Enrinos and Enrans, which was helpful. Thanks to it, even though Inala couldn't personally chase after the Boar King, the Biome Bomb would represent him to take care of the situation.

"This is…?" Resha was speeding in the sky, using a Gravity Funnel to pull himself toward Brangara. This way, the distance between the two was maintained. And the force needed to pull him was generated by Brangara.

Resha behaved no different to a kite now, conserving his strength to the limit as his various biomes worked to generate his Prana. He planned to capture Prana Beasts, trees, soil, and other resources from time to time along the journey to replenish the depletion of his biomes.

Without the Influenced Region—Hidden Eye—to restrict flight, Resha was free to move. And now, as he stared at the Biome Bomb rapidly approaching him, he first wanted to destroy it.

[I'm here to help you!]

There was a pulse in Prana to mimic the influence generated by cultivating Mystic Bone Art. This was combined with the Skill of Bone Slip to generate a message. When the pulse of Prana touched Resha, his Mystic Bone Art activated, interpreting the influence to generate the respective message.

Inala had the Skill of Mystic Skill Creator, which worked by using Mystic Bone Art as a language to convert all experiences into a form recognisable with influences generated by the cultivation technique.

Using this, he created this ability that would allow him to communicate with Mammoth Clansmen through his Biome Bombs. It wasn't at the level of a Skill yet, since he had just become the Royal Zinger.

Inala had created it intending to communicate with the Mammoth Clan, knowing very well that he would lose the Clan's support after becoming a Pranic Beast.

Hearing the message, even though Resha was suspicious, he didn't destroy the Biome Bomb. Instead, he unleashed a gravitational flux of repulsion, one only strong enough to slow down the Biome Bomb's momentum until it was at the same speed as his travel.

'This is an absurd throwing ability.' Cold sweat dripped down his back as Resha stared at the almost weightless Biome Bomb. To stop even something weighing as little as a couple dozen kilograms consumed more than a hundred units of his Prana.

And the distance it had been hurled from was more than thirty kilometres away. Brangara was already running at supersonic speeds. Despite this, Inala was able to throw a projectile that caught up to them fast, 'This is without the aid of a Skill or Prana, but purely muscular. He's elevated a Zinger's throwing ability to the limit.'

When Inala became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Resha was already in a state of disbelief, wondering how Inala had managed such an inconceivable status. It took the Supreme Tusk Gannala two millennia, alongside the knowledge resulting from every single Empyrean Tusk inheritance and aid from Renduldu to conceptualise the seven Mystic Paths.

This was a result thanks to the Mammoth Clan's accumulation from its conception. But Inala, in a mere two decades, managed to forge his own path. That was scary.

Originally, when Resha observed Inala's fight against the Boar King, he didn't think Inala's Mystic Grade form was all that special. Physically, it was weak. In terms of Natures, it was good at taking hits, and only because of its ability to steal Prana and Lifespan.

The Prana and Lifespan steal ability was dangerous, but was only effective within Inala's Spirit Weapon range, which was a mere 180 metres. As long as one wasn't in this range, they could destroy Inala.

Resha was of this opinion, arriving at the result as he observed the fight. He had countless ways to target Inala from afar with deadly attacks. But now, it seemed his thinking was premature.

Zingers weren't a close-combat unit in the first place. They were ranged experts who excelled at kiting their targets. Hit-and-run was their hunting method.

So, the moment an opponent, in an effort to avoid losing his Prana or Lifespan to Inala, makes some distance between the two, signs his death sentence. The farther one was from Inala, the easier it made the fight for him.

[The only way Brangara can counter my abilities is by stealing the Natures of a Zinger Queen from the Dieng Canyon. He'll probably pressure the Zinger Queens to lay as many Life Bombs as possible before they run out of Lifespan. He could hatch them using his Lifeforce and gain many Natures of Life Bombs. By using one, he could recover his Lifespan and also birth new Zinger Queens.]

"I get what you want to say. But…" Resha frowned as he failed to notice anyone in the Biome Bomb, "But how are you communicating with me? Or rather, how are words forming in my mind through the Prana fluctuations you're releasing?"

[It's thanks to something the Supreme Tusk gave me. I developed it into this. Anyway, ignore that. My Biome Bomb can only think to a limited extent. So, don't ask questions and waste its energy. Since you're not planning to let go of Brangara, I'll explain my plan to you.]

"Go ahead, I'm all ears." Resha nodded as he observed Brangara glaring at him from time to time, keeping a constant watch on his position. His kids were watching him like hawks, waiting for an opportunity to target him.

Yarsha Zahara had a downcast expression, resting her weary mind for the time being, not having the mental strength to ponder anymore.

Brangara and his family were alert upon seeing a Biome Bomb join Resha. As the latter was high up in the air, even if they were to launch any attacks, Resha could casually evade them. Any attack with a physical mass would be easily deflected from his position through a gravitational flux.

And by the time any energy attacks reach him, Resha can evade them without issues, thanks to the distance between them. As a result, even though they were fleeing, everyone was nervous, including Brangara.

[Prepare some powerful projectiles that you can use to kill the Zinger Queens. With your power of External Inertial Gravity, I'm sure you can lock in on the targets. As long as they're dead, I can join the fight right after powering up a little.]

"I got that part." Resha nodded, not voicing any objections.

[There's enough Prana and Lifeforce of Brangara in this Biome Bomb. It will all be supplied to you as per your requirements. The Lifeforce can rapidly heal your injuries, so save it for such situations in case you fight Brangara alone. And until then, I'm providing air support. Just use External Inertial Gravity to fine- tune the projectiles, alright? Ensure that Brangara and his family cannot have a moment's rest and do not stop to recover their strength by consuming Pranic Beasts.]

"Air support?" His eyes widened in shock as Resha turned around to stare at tiny dots in the sky that were rapidly approaching him at hypersonic speeds. They were massive boulders, blazing red thanks to friction, "This…mad man!"

Prime Skill—Gravity Funnel!

Resha began to attach Gravity Funnels between the meteors and Brangara, so that they would all hone in on him. The sky began to gradually turn crimson, the same as what happened in the Brimgan Empire. But this time, the cause wasn't Brangara.

"…Zinger!" Brangara gritted his teeth as he observed his Prana levels were draining fast. He had already deactivated all the extra Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity that he had no use for and consumed them to generate Prana.

At present, only six Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity were left, which he placed in the bodies of each of his family members. These tangible Empyrean Tusks were steadily using their bodies as fuel to course the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity in the bodies they were in.

Brangara had some reserve of Prana that he could infuse in them. But once he runs out, these six Natures too would vanish. Once that happens, he wouldn't be able to maintain his high-speed movement without injuring his family.

And if he doesn't move fast enough, Inala would reach the Deing Canyon first. Hence, it was a race against time.

As he continued to run, a meteor trailed after him, blazing red as it burnt up. The Gravity Funnel pulled it towards him, angling it as and when necessary.

"Hmph!" Brangara grunted as he swerved his direction, running horizontally instead. Due to the meteor's weight, the Gravity Funnel wasn't able to curve its momentum fast enough, causing it to slam into the ground and result in an explosion of heat and earth.

"Tch! How much is that bastard throwing?" He cursed in anger upon seeing the sky dotted with meteors, moving in a zigzag pattern to make the meteors miss their mark. Brangara stared directly up and observed a Biome Bomb casually rest itself on Resha's shoulder, seemingly conversing with him.

And then, he watched Resha chuck out Gravity Funnels, making the meteors home in on him, "This fucker is spamming that Skill without rest!"

"Don't you have anything better to do?" He vented in anger.

"Why should I change attacks when this is working exemplarily?" Resha retorted as he kept his Minor Treasure of Spectral Eyes active, deactivating his Gravity Tunnel or cranking it out of Yarsha Zahara's reach whenever she tried to steal it, 'Through this Minor Treasure, I can see everything you do with Prana.'

"You're not escaping my eyes!"



Chapter 555 An Argument?

Meteors continued to crash into the ground as Brangara continued to run. As he was consuming Prana without replenishment, he had to consume something in order to keep running.

Upon evolution, he lost his stomach biome, for that was used as fuel for the creation of his Astral World. And as Astral World resided in his stomach, Brangara couldn't create another biome there.

But creating it anywhere else was of no use, since whatever he ingested would arrive at his stomach to be digested. Without an Empyrean Tusk's inheritance, he wouldn't be able to make a functional biome in other organs, especially a practical one in this situation.

Therefore, he had to rely on primitive means to recover Prana quickly, which was to consume a Pranic Beast. With an emission of his Prana, thousands of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts fell unconscious as Brangara leaped at the closest target, only to see it be pulled into the sky.

"Yum!" Resha licked his lips as he activated his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 to transform into a Centinger and gobble up the large Iron Grade Pranic Beast's body. Everything that Brangara aimed for was pulled into the sky for his consumption. And the reason he couldn't reach them despite his supersonic speed was simply.

Prime Skill—Gravity Funnel!

Through the effects of External Inertial Gravity, Resha stacked dozens of Gravity Funnels on Brangara, causing them to unleash a repulsive field around him. Thereby, the moment he approached a Pranic Beast, this field repelled it away from him.

Considering his speed, Brangara could take advantage of the Pranic Beast's inertia—since it was in a state of rest after falling unconscious—to quickly close in the gap before its body started to move away.

But the moment he was about to consume it, Resha did the usual. First, a Gravity Funnel began to pull the Pranic Beast's body towards Resha. Second, Brangara's kids were pulled away from him.

Resha had refined their bones through his Secondary Nature, making it damn easy to control their skeleton through his Primary Nature. He could treat them as his Spirit Weapon. Hence, he pulled Brangara's four children in different directions, forcing the father to raise their density and regain his hold over them.

By the time he managed to reclaim his children, Resha managed to grab the Pranic Beast's body and consumed it. This was what he used to prevent Brangara from making a recovery.

"Hold him back for me!" Brangara grunted in anger and released a bunch of Tangible Natures that took their respective Pranic Beast forms. Simultaneously, they activated their respective Natures and targeted Resha, holding his attention for a couple of seconds before a rain of bone spikes ruptured them.

Two seconds was enough for Brangara to assume Celestial Boar form and unleash a suction force that swallowed hundreds of unconscious Pranic Beasts.

"The fuck is this?" Resha was stunned by Brangara's Pranic Beast form, for it was even more terrifying than he had imagined, 'No wonder my Primary Nature is trembling in fear nonstop.'

The Celestial Boar was a humanoid creature reaching a height of 540 metres, sporting the head of Brangara's Empyrean Boar King form. The entire body was covered with brown fur, riddled with swirling patterns of black.

Laid on the back, forming an outgrowth of his spine was a series of bone spikes, with the tallest reaching a height of twenty metres. They resembled the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk in shape, appearance, and texture.

Covering the neck was a jet-black mane that cascaded from the crown of his head, dangling in the wind. Two pairs of eyes stared regally; their pupils seemingly formed by the combination of more than a thousand concentric circles.

At the back of the pair of ears on his head were another set of eyes, positioned to observe his back, leaving virtually no blind spots for the Celestial Boar.

The hands resembled a human's, covered by a greyish-black material resembling the hooves of his Empyrean Boar King form. It made the hand seem as if it was wearing a skin-tight glove that doubled down as a gauntlet.

The feet resembled a human's too and were similarly covered by a skin-tight layer of the material. When the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator fused with his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature, it heavily influenced Brangara's Celestial Boar form.

As a result, it was a humanoid entity, one armed with the exceptional perspiration system of a human. As a result, endurance running was even simpler for Brangara, capable of running for days at a stretch at an optimal speed without the need for rest.

In his human form, Brangara hoped to conserve his strength. But upon seeing that he was only being hindered by Resha, he decided to reveal his Celestial Boar form prematurely, losing the element of surprise.

Had he used it strategically, he could have killed his targets. But with his family's well-being being his priority, Brangara revealed this card merely to consume Pranic Beasts.

As he consumed the Pranic Beasts, a meteor slammed into his back and exploded, singeing his fur. But that was the extent of the damage. The momentum behind the meteor only managed to jerk his body.

"Tch!" Brangara stared up to see that Resha was currently at an altitude of six kilometres from the ground, far beyond his reach. Since the meteors failed to harm Brangara in his Pranic Beast form, Resha refrained from wasting his strength anymore and simply kept pace in the sky.

[His base body is a notch tougher than his Empyrean Boar King form. This is indeed worrying. Do you have any plans to harm him?]

"I don't," Resha said, his expression locked onto the figure of Brangara, watching him curl his family in his left hand, keeping them safe there.

[Then why are you persistently chasing him?]

"Because no one else will." Resha said, his tone changing as he stared at the Biome Bomb, "Say, can you represent Inala fully?"

[Yes, I'm no different from a piece of his mind acting independently. My opinions are a mirror of the original.]

"Then, answer me this honestly." Resha asked after a mild sigh, "Do you plan to kill Brangara?"

[Yes, but I need to prepare extensively for that. Otherwise, a single miscalculated variable will allow him to survive and grow stronger through the crisis. After all, he's not using his abilities to their full potential. I can easily determine ways in which Brangara's current skillset could have allowed him to annihilate the Mammoth Clan three times by now.]

"Based on your statement, it seems you are confident in killing Brangara, no matter how far into the future it might be." Resha nodded as his gaze hardened, "Then all I have to do is hold him back as long as I can. If his growth is halted, then killing him is still realistic."

[Don't sacrifice yourself foolishly, Resha. You're the only one who can fight him head-on.]

"I'm not sacrificing myself or anything. I want to live." Resha retorted, "The only situation where I can accept death is when I drag Brangara down with me."

"It's just…I'm scared." He said while observing Brangara's Celestial Boar, "The scene of him at the 10-Life Stage is not something I can ever forget. Nothing I did worked against him. Honestly, even Transcendents might have struggled to kill him. All I want to prevent is the arrival of that…Brangara!"

"So, I'll keep trying my best. I have no other choice." He uttered and watched the Celestial Boar sprint across the region, with its every step thundering the earth, consuming all living beings in its wake. "Tell me something."

He stared at the Biome Bomb, "Will Inala's preparations be completed in the next few hours?"

[You're…kidding, right? I'm not buying cheap trinkets in the market to be done in a few hours. It will take decades. Honestly, if you hadn't targeted his family, my trap would have bought us a few years at the very least. Brangara wouldn't have evolved so soon.]

"…You're right," Resha said, his expression growing more and more desperate upon seeing Brangara wrestle more and more control over the situation, "I was confident of killing him…"

[You need to firm your mindset first before trying to kill him, Resha. You should've given your all to kill him…]

"You think I didn't?" Resha glared at the Biome Bomb, "I used everything in my arsenal and even the mechanics of the Attributed Region to kill him. There wasn't anything else I could do…"

[Had you killed Yarsha Zahara, Brangara would long be dead by now!]

There was absolute silence between the two as the Biome Bomb hit the nail on the head.

[You couldn't bring yourself to kill her, right? You feel obligated to care for her since you pity her. You have feelings for her, which is why you held back subconsciously. Otherwise, with the abilities you have displayed, killing Yarsha Zahara would have barely taken you two seconds.]

Resha's expression scrunched up as he heard the Biome Bomb's arguments, "That…she's a victim of this situation. I don't want her to suffer. She should live happily at the very least, considering everything she's been through."

[Then, do me a favour and forget about killing Brangara. Because at the decisive moment, if Yarsha Zahara flings herself between you and Brangara, you'll hesitate to deliver the killing blow. Irrespective of how powerful you get, no matter how many times you push Brangara to the edge of death, you'll never be able to deliver the killing blow!]

"I know!" Resha grunted, "I know, dammit! You think I'm an ignorant bastard, right? Fuck! What do you know about me? You're nothing but a fucking ghost!"

[…Forget it. Why am I arguing with you? It's a waste of Prana. Let's just continue with our objective here. If anything, I want you to remember one thing, Resha.]

[We're all in the same boat. Despite our differences, our end goal is the same. But Yarsha Zahara isn't on our boat. She's riding alongside Brangara. Beat that fact into your fucking head!]



Chapter 556 Inala’s Three Directions to Endgame

﻿﻿"Hah!" Followed by a grunt, Inala threw another boulder in the approximate direction that Brangara was fleeing. Since the latter's destination was the Dieng Canyon, as long as Inala threw the boulder in that direction, Resha would take care of the fine-tuning.

"Tch!" He grunted upon observing his eight arms were hurting. He had overexerted his strength. He had just become a Royal Zinger and hadn't fully adapted to this state of being. Hence, he wasn't optimal in his exertion of strength and ended up damaging his arms.

'That should be enough for now.' He thought and reverted to human form upon failing to find any other decently sized boulder in his vicinity. He had dug out everything in his reach and sent them flying.

Considering the Boar King's speed, it would take many minutes for Inala's latest projectile to reach Resha. Anything else he throws would end up burning out fully thanks to friction before reaching Brangara.

Inala couldn't determine the maximum range of the projectiles he could throw in his Mystic Grade Royal Zinger form, but he estimated that it was at least around hundred to two hundred kilometres.

The entirety of his Royal Zinger's physical body was built in its ability to throw a projectile. Hence, he had such an absurd range. This was brute physical might. In the future, once Inala assists his throw with a bunch of Prime Skill and throws carefully curated Biome Bombs instead of random boulders, he'll be able to truly exert his throwing power.

Even if the Influenced Region—Hidden Eye—returns in the future, Inala already had a method to raise his altitude while gliding. Hence, once he was prepared, he could camp high up in the sky and rain down missile strikes on the target.

"The best-case scenario is to continue targeting Brangara, but I won't be achieving anything by doing that." He knew his strengths and weaknesses. Currently, even though Inala had evolved, there was still a long distance to tread before reaching his endgame build.

Inala was a Pranic Beast now, which meant that he could transfer between human and Pranic Beast forms without needing Prana to maintain his transformed state. Secondly, his growth no longer needed resources like Tusk bone powder. As long as he eats food, his body will grow.

Both his male and female forms were at the peak of the Body Stage. Thanks to his accumulations, after evolution, Inala was already at maturity as a Royal Zinger.

Currently, he had two primary necessities to take care of before daring to face an evolved Brangara. The second necessity was a cultivation technique. Mystic Bone Art was a cultivation technique capable of performing everything an Empyrean Tusk could achieve biologically.

In a similar vein, Inala would have to create a cultivation technique emulating his Royal Zinger's natural capabilities. He already had a direction of thought related to it and only needed to start working on it. But he had to focus on his first priority, which was to get a Tertiary Nature.

Inala had three directions to take his path forward. The first direction was the obvious choice: Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

This would allow him to tread on the human path and gain multiple lives, becoming manifolds stronger. This was a stable build that focused on survival the most. It was a reasonable choice, despite the strenuous amount of resources required to gain the Nature, since Inala was currently 35 years old.

At this age, it was a steep path for Inala to gain the Nature of Cultivator. It wasn't impossible, but he'd have to spend a lot of time and preparations towards it.

Here was where he considered the second direction: Brimgan Royalty. Basically, he would focus on getting a Nature that would increase his Spirit Weapon range. Since he already had the data of two Brimgan Royals, it was far more realistic to get this Nature than Cultivator.

By synchronising the Tertiary Nature with his Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty, Inala could tweak range to the limit by taking advantage of his ability to change Grades.

At the Silver Grade, his range would be 180 metres, the same as all Pranic Beasts. At the Gold Grade, his Spirit Weapon range would be boosted by ten times to 1.8 kilometres, the same as a Brimgan Royal at the peak of the Body Stage.

Here's where things got interesting. Once Inala enters the Mystic Grade, as all his Natures, his Tertiary Nature too would be elevated to Mystic Grade, which would increase his Spirit Weapon range by another multiple of ten, ending at 18 kilometres.

18 kilometres!

This was an incomprehensible range. Basically, Inala would be able to steal the Prana and Lifespan of anyone in an entire region with such an expansive range. Moreover, this effect would also be carried to his Primary Nature, which meant that at the Gold Grade and Mystic Grade, the radius of his Biome Bombs would be 1.8 kilometres and 18 kilometres respectively.

Internal Inertial Gravity could twist space to incorporate a large volume in a small object. Inala could unleash the same effect through his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination, but the radius of his Biome Bomb was fixed at 180 metres now.

By twisting space, the only thing he was changing was its size externally, similar to a Storage Lantern. Hence, this increase in range would prove comprehensive to his combat power.

At its maximum size, Inala would be able to carry an entire city with him. Best of all, there was no limitation to the number of Biome Bombs he could carry. As long as he had enough Prana, he could create as many as he wanted.

Hence, Inala leaned the most towards the second direction. It would truly cover all his bases. The range will enhance his strengths and negate his weaknesses. So it was perfect.

The third direction didn't change his combat power from his current self. But, it would easily make him the most annoying. The reason was simple: Revival.

Yes, revival!

This was conceptualised from the Transcendent Eater's data, taking advantage of its revival mechanism.

The function of a Zinger Queen's Life Bomb is to birth a Zinger. Depending on the quality of the Prana used to hatch the Life Bomb, the strength of the Zinger varied.

As a Royal Zinger, Inala didn't have that limitation. At the Silver Grade, Inala accumulated Prana and Lifespan at the Silver Grade level. As a Gold Grade Royal Zinger, he accumulated Prana and Lifespan at Gold Grade.

It was the same at the Mystic Grade too.

At the Mystic Grade, he could birth all Zinger variants as he pleases. The only difference would be the amount of Prana consumed per each.

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Quip Zinger!

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Aristocrat!

These were the two base variants. Inala could birth Quip Zingers and Zinger Aristocrats while in his base state as a Silver Grade Royal Zinger. For higher variants, he would have to enter the Gold Grade.

The Gold Grade variants were those the three Zingers—that the Quip Tribe was built upon—in his Biome Bomb had evolved into.

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Guard!

Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Princess!

Advance Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Prince!

As long as Inala enters Expert Gold Grade as a Royal Zinger, he could birth these three Gold Grade variants, albeit through the consumption of a voracious sum of Prana and Lifespan.

The birth of even a Zinger Queen—Expert Iron Grade—required the Lifespan from a being on the level of an Empyrean Tusk. So, to birth a single one of these Gold Grade Zinger variants would force Inala to literally beg across Sumatra.

Finally, at the Mystic Grade, Inala could birth a Royal Zinger. This was the third direction that he could thread upon.

Once Inala succeeded in attaining the Mystic Grade, a set of information flowed into his mind through the Bolts of Transcendence. It was the rules that governed the existence of a Royal Zinger.

Rule 1—There can only exist one Royal Zinger in Sumatra at a point in time.

Rule 2—The Royal Zinger can only be Inala.

Since he forged his path using three pieces of Sumatra Gold, that fact was now etched into Sumatra as a rule, similar to how there can only exist one copy of a Mystic Tentacle's Nature in its Iron, Silver, and Gold forms.

Basically, there can never be another Royal Zinger on Sumatra that wasn't Inala. But Inala had created the Quip Clan in such a way that as they grow and accumulate genetic information, they'd have existences similar to Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease.

And when two such individuals mate, there is a non-zero chance of birthing the Royal Zinger. The chances of this happening were almost negligible, for the percentage was that low. But it could still happen.

When that happens, the Royal Zinger that is born would be Inala. As long as the Quip Clan doesn't get annihilated, there will come a point in the future when Inala will reappear on Sumatra Continent.

His third direction enhanced that rule, creating a Nature that allowed Inala—at Mystic Grade—to birth a Royal Zinger.

Due to Rule 1, this Royal Zinger wouldn't hatch from the Biome Bomb until the Inala who was alive died. But this implied that the moment Inala died, another body of his would hatch.

As long as he makes enough preparation—gathering the Prana and Lifespan necessary to birth a Royal Zinger—in advance, Inala would continue to revive endlessly.

So, even though the third direction doesn't strengthen him any more than his current level, he'd become an absolute annoyance to his enemies.

All three directions had their pros and cons, offering different sets of strategic value. As a result, Inala was split between them in the ratio of 33, 34, and 33 respectively, with the second direction being his most inclined option at the moment.

---------------

Vote for the option of your choice: 1, 2, or 3

---------------



Chapter 557 Strike!

A portion of the Lotus Range collapsed, as the Attributed Region was situated underneath it. And as it collapsed, so did the portion of Lotus Range directly overhead.

This resulted in the collapse of the Brimgan Empire's defences, causing many Pranic Beasts to invade the place. After all, the Brimgan Empire could very well be considered the big bully of this blessed land, constantly raiding the territories of other Pranic Beast races for resources.

Most of these resources were harvested from the bodies of Pranic Beasts. In this land blessed with an abundance of resources lived countless Pranic Beast races like the Enrinos, capable of producing items or substances that the Brimgan Empire attached value towards.

Hence, these regions were raided for tens of thousands of years. Whether the Pranic Beast race had an old history or had emerged recently, one thing was common, which was to be raided by the Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire.

But Lotus Range remained an absolute defensive wall against their efforts to target the Brimgan Empire. Hence, all the invasions in the past failed. Moreover, it wasn't possible to rally enough Pranic Beast races who dared to openly fight the Brimgan Empire. Those that did so were either crippled or wiped out once their invasion failed.

The Brimgan Empire practiced human supremacy. Hence, they didn't take an insult lying down. Even now, even after witnessing Brangara become the Celestial Boar, Boul Brimgan was actively planning to target him.

It was this absolute firmness of mind that allowed the Brimgan Empire to stand tall against the challenges of time through countless eras, being one of the, if not the oldest surviving Empire to date.

When the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself, it lured every single existence from across a large region of Sumatra. Large swathes of creatures from far away were still marching towards the Brimgan Empire, even though the Attribute had been claimed by Inala.

For the next few years, these creatures would continue to arrive at the location where the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself. This also meant that there would be enough powerful Pranic Beasts capable of facing the Brimgan Empire's army, making an invasion into this Empire the most realistic since the annals of time.

In a location forty kilometres from the collapsed portion of the Lotus Range was an open space, one that had become a gathering spot for more than sixty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, each an overlord of its region.

They were Pranic Beasts local to the region, with their goal now being to gain control over the Attributed Region.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the Brimgan Empire remained absolutely steady. The strongest existence that had entered the Attributed Region was the Fentan City Lord. The one who suffered a crushing defeat was the Mammoth Clan, losing more than half its population.

The Brimgan Empire's damage was minimal when compared to its robust foundation. Most of all, Brandal Brimgan was alive. He alone was capable of killing multiple Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, boasting the greatest Spirit Weapon range on all of Sumatra.

When he stood on the Lotus Range, no one could approach it in the slightest. Aided by eight Minor Treasures, he was an absolute beast, continuing to grow in strength even after reaching the 10-Life Stage long ago.

When Resha obtained the Major Treasure of Attribute, the Mammoth Clan had to flee in a hurry, for Brandal Brimgan had announced the Mammoth Clan as wanted by the Brimgan Empire. His declaration held enough power that countless Kingdoms in the region refused to trade with the Mammoth Clan anymore.

Things had become absolutely awkward for the Mammoth Clan. And as they had lost half their population, with a good portion of that being their pinnacle experts, forget exerting their power on Kingdoms like usual, they couldn't even maintain their usual functions, resulting in the Empyrean Tusks growing steadily weaker over time.

In this timeline, nothing like that happened. The Mammoth Clan's losses in the race for the Attribute were minimal at best. In terms of gains, they were the grand victors.

By hunting over a hundred Brimgan Royals, all Empyrean Tusks were now equipped with the Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity, causing their strength to increase by leaps and bounds.

In contrast, the Brimgan Empire lost over a hundred Royals that formed their pinnacle force, lost their strongest powerhouse, and 24 percent of their population. This was merely the start.

With a portion of the Lotus Range in ruins, the Brimgan Empire's were breached, making it easy for Pranic Beasts to swarm inside. Using the situation to their advantage, the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that had lived all their lives fearing the Brimgan Empire were scheming to destroy this Empire for good.

This group of sixty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had been formed for exactly that purpose. And they didn't plan to stop there, intending to recruit more Gold Grade Pranic Beasts into their fold as many powerful races were continuing to march towards the region from locations far, far away.

"Block them with your bodies!"

"Fight! Kill them all!"

Soldiers screamed as all sorts of Spirit Weapons flashed around, shredding through hordes of Pranic Beasts that had entered the Brimgan Empire's territory. The Brimgan Sea had dried up and a portion of the Lotus Range had collapsed.

Therefore, with the absence of two of their natural walls, Pranic Beasts could invade in large numbers. Even though the Free Humans were strong, it was like going against the unceasing tidal waves. The Spirit Weapons they hurled were like throwing stones in the raging sea, inconsequential.

It was a despairing situation as the Pranic Beasts continued to stream in without rest.

"Hold your ground, dammit!" A Brimgan Royal shouted in panic, feeling sluggish as he was running low on Prana. He had consumed enough Elixirs that his stomach's functions had failed, unable to digest anything for the time being.

He had overworked his body, suffering from countless internal ruptures due to revving up his psychokinesis without rest. All his refined Spirit Weapons had already been destroyed, with the last one crumbled by the sheer force unleashed in the jaws of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, "Shit…!"

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

Any Spirit Weapons he creates on the fly wouldn't be strong enough to face a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Though he was at the 2-Life Stage, he wasn't strong enough to kill his opponent, especially in his weakened state.

Only a Prince or Princess could kill a Gold Grade Pranic Beast one-on-one. His situation wasn't even like that, for he had to go against opponents other than the Gold Grade Pranic Beast too, all at the same time.

Transforming into a five-metre-tall golden giant, he rushed towards the Gold Grade Pranic Beast, prepared for death. The least he could do is punch the enemy in the face and hold it back for as long as possible, 'Someone with enough strength will come finish it off.'

That was the last thought he had. In a matter of minutes, his body was being ripped apart in the mouth of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast, with fragments of his Human Avatar flying all over the place in response to every single slam by the massive jaws of the beast.

Roar!

Killing a Free Human with Gold Grade strength invigorated the Gold Grade Pranic Beast, with its roar spiking the enthusiasm of all Pranic Beasts who attacked the humans with greater fervour.

Standing at the peak of a mountain farther away was Geugeu, sighing as he stared at the scene, "The Brimgan Empire is probably finished."

His gaze then fell upon the group of sixty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, "When they and every Pranic Beast under them join the fold, the Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire won't be able to last for long."

"Alas, a long-standing Free Human civilisation has met such an ill-fated demise…" His words were stuck in his throat, failing to come out anymore as a presence as vast as the sea slammed into the region, for a moment stopping the thoughts of everyone.

Geugeu was the first to recover as he stared up promptly, watching a floating mass of terror glide towards the collapsed Lotus Range at sonic speeds, leaving behind a trail of rippling vapour cones.

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

Followed by a resounding boom, the Royal Zinger landed upon a crowd of Pranic Beasts, squashing them into meat paste. It casually stood up, dwarfing every other being in existence in the region.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast that roared in excitement upon killing a Free Human with Gold Grade strength before? It was silent now, trembling in fear upon being stared in close-up by the Royal Zinger whose jaws alone were bigger than its body.

One of the arms of the Royal Zinger picked up the Gold Grade Pranic Beast and lifted it in the air, staring at it as if a cat did towards a mouse. In fear, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast activated its Primary Nature and unleashed a hail of attacks.

The attacks landed squarely on the Royal Zinger's face but formed ripples. Only then did the Gold Grade Pranic Beast notice the existence of a thin filament that covered the Royal Zinger's body, tanking all attacks.

The ripples spread around, absorbing shockwaves from the attack. It seemed like a world was inside, with its environment changing spontaneously to counter the effect of the attack. So the impact place displayed a spectacle of colours underneath the layer.

But all the Gold Grade Pranic Beast's attack did was result in a spectacle of light, nothing more, nothing less.

[Aren't we on the same side?]

It shrieked in a fluster, feeling unbearable pain as eight streams of energy latched to its body and sucked both its Prana and Lifespan, causing its body to shrivel up rapidly.

[Why are you targeting me? Aren't the Brimgan Empire the enemies of all Pranic Beasts?]

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast shouted the same message in over a couple dozen languages that were used in the region, despairing upon failing to communicate. But then, it was met with a question from the target, one that terrified it in the final moments of its life.

[Should I care?]

The Royal Zinger held the shrivelled corpse of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast, having absorbed all its Prana and Lifespan. It exerted force and crushed the body, forming a ball of flesh and took on a throwing stance, following which it hurled the ball.

There was a thunderclap as the ball burned up due to entering hypersonic speeds, making a beeline towards the location where sixty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had huddled in a meeting. And then, it hit them, like a bowling ball slamming into the pins.

An accurate strike!



Chapter 558 The Brimgan Guardian

[What…hit us?]

A Gold Grade Pranic Beast got up, regenerating its limbs as it observed that it, alongside the rest of the 60 Gold Grade Pranic Beasts was in a crater. The bodies of all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were tough, and hence they all survived, albeit riddled with severe injuries.

The only reason they had survived that was the ball hurled at them was loosely packed. Once all Prana and Lifespan of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast were absorbed, its body became weak, with its cells having deteriorated to the extreme.

Hence, as the ball flew through the air, it burned up well, not having much substance when it impacted upon its targets. As a result, the targeted Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were alive.

And as they got up one after another and exited the crater, they noticed the Royal Zinger staring at them.

[That throw…is a warning for us. If we continue with what we were about to do, we'll all die!]

The calmest Gold Grade Pranic Beast analysed the Royal Zinger's intention and bowed in the direction of the latter, informing the group. As it bowed, it noticed a piece of bone at the centre of the crater, amidst burning piles of flesh and blood. A sentence was carved on it. Upon seeing it, the calm Gold Grade Pranic Beast shook its head and signalled the group to disperse.

[Target the Brimgan Empire as you please in the future.]

That was the statement carved in the sphere of bone. It meant that the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts could scheme against the Brimgan Empire as usual, but only in the future. Interpreting it further, it meant that they could only target the Brimgan Empire once the chaos resulting from the reveal of the Major Treasure of Attribute subsided.

Many Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the group were discontent but they couldn't voice any complaints. After all, that would mean having to face a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

It was the respect and fear a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast garnered. This was what a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle experienced across Sumatra, the case being the same for the Empyrean Boar King. And now, the Royal Zinger was no different.

An existence that had surpassed a race's natural limitation. That was a Mystic Grade existence. And that one line from the Royal Zinger dispersed the group of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

As for the horde rushing into the Brimgan Empire? The sheer presence unleashed by the Royal Zinger made them feel weak, with only those at the Silver Grade and above being able to move.

Iron Grade Pranic Beasts that formed the bulk of the horde couldn't budge an inch from their spot. And then, they witnessed a scene that would come to haunt them for the rest of their lives, something that would go down in the annals of history as an object of terror.

One after another, the strongest Pranic Beasts in the horde began to drop down as lifeless husks, deprived of all their Prana and Lifespan.

[Spare me!]

[We'll retreat!]

[Please!]

Silver Grade Pranic Beasts screamed in their respective language as the Royal Zinger picked them up casually and chucked them in its mouth. Its jaws were ridiculously tough, not even being scratched by the attacks of the resisting Silver Grade Pranic Beasts as they were munched upon.

[Return to your homes!]

[Return to your homes!]

[Return to your homes!]

The Royal Zinger opened its mouth and repeated this statement three times, with each statement conforming to the most popular language in the region. And that was all. The horde began to slowly retreat once the Royal Zinger retracted its presence.

The presence of one existence alone could change the tides of a Major Disaster. Witnessing it firsthand, Inala was in a state of disbelief, even though he was the one who had done it. 'Until now, I used the Boar King's presence to affect a crowd. But now, my own presence does the same.'

It was hard to realise how absurdly powerful he had gotten while facing a broken existence like Brangara. And now that Inala could compare himself with the regular humans and Pranic Beasts, he could have a clear understanding of what he could do and was capable of.

Inala turned around and noticed a stream of ships flying towards his location from the capital, led by Boul Brimgan. Once Boul Brimgan had stabilised the chaos in the capital and surrounding cities that had been targeted by Brangara, he hurriedly gathered all the forces he could muster and rushed towards the breach in the Empire.

Thankfully, the Major Treasure—Hidden Eye—hadn't appeared yet, allowing him to save a lot of time by travelling through the air instead of on the ground. The meteor strikes from Brangara had demolished most of the roads in the Southern Veins.

And without water, the Northern Lakes were a series of craters now. As a result, all transportation systems of the Brimgan Empire had come to a standstill. Without air travel, it would have taken them months to reach the breach. By then, the invasion would have reached the capital itself.

Boul Brimgan condensed a boat and landed on it, making it fly towards the Royal Zinger as quickly as possible. Upon seeing his approach, Inala reverted to human form, extending his hand for a shake, "I believe this is the first time we're meeting."

For convenience's sake, Inala assumed his female form, for that was familiar to the higher-ups of the Brimgan Empire.

"You!" Harla Brimgan's eyes seethed in anger upon seeing Inala's female form. But a raise of Boul Brimgan's hand and she controlled herself.

"I'm Boul Brimgan, the newly appointed Emperor of the Brimgan Empire." Boul Brimgan accepted the handshake, "I appreciate your help…"

"Amita, you can address me as such." Inala sported a professional smile, "As someone who shares the name of Brimgan, it's just my duty to protect the Brimgan Empire."

"How dare you lie?" Harla Brimgan was unable to rein in her anger as she landed before Inala with a loud bang, "I saw you fusing with the body of another male to become the current you."

"Oh, you mean this?" Inala switched to his male form and uttered, "I gained this by stealing the power of a special Mammoth Clansman. My grandfather had a deal with a Mudropper through whom my current existence has been made a reality."

"I'm curious to hear more about your story." Boul Brimgan said and pointed at the ship in the air, "Do you mind accompanying me for a chat alongside some tea?"

"This isn't a good time for that." Inala assumed female form and said upon looking around, "There's too much damage. Take care of the people first and then patch up the breach in the Lotus Range. My warning towards the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in this region will expire in a few months. They'll invade immediately after."

"Thank you for buying time for us. I'm grateful for that." Boul Brimgan said, concealing his disappointment of being unable to chat.

"I'll return once the Brimgan Empire regains its function," Inala said and turned around after nodding in acknowledgement towards other ministers on the ships, intending to leave.

"You're heading somewhere?" Boul Brimgan asked in concern. "Shouldn't you stay here to help our recovery?"

"I would love to, but time's running short." Inala said with a tone of emergency, "My grandfather, Fhoong Brimgan taught and raised me intending to counter the Boar King. But right as I became the Royal Zinger, the Empyrean Boar King evolved into a Celestial Boar. If I allow him some free time, he'd become unstoppable."

"I was born special, you see. When I was born, I had 100 Prana." Inala eyed Harla Brimgan and spoke, "My story wasn't a lie. But there's one fact you're not aware of."

"Brangara's wife, Yarsha Zahara is the same as me. And she's forging a Human Avatar out of purely Sumatra Gold. Even though she's a Free Human, she's the mother of the Wean Clan. If I don't actively try to suppress them now, there's no hope in stopping them." He sighed, "So, I have a lot of work to do for the time being."

He stared at Boul Brimgan and patted the latter's shoulder, "We'll have a proper chat once I return. Even though I didn't grow up in the Brimgan Empire, I was raised as one by my grandfather. So, fret not. Even after becoming a Pranic Beast, my core values remain the same."

Stage 2—Wing!

Inala's arms and legs grew to a length of two metres as a faint wind was stirred up to generate a lift. Soon, Inala was gliding across the sky, flying in a certain direction.

"Boul, don't trust her." Harla Brimgan gritted her teeth, "I trusted her the most but she betrayed me. She snatched the Major Treasure for her selfish purpose and was accompanied by an Empyrean Snapper while doing so. This Empyrean Snapper could freely switch between human and Pranic Beast forms just like Loot."

"Tell me everything, mother." Boul Brimgan sand and accessed the Information Slip given to him by Harla Brimgan, becoming aware of everything concerning Amita Brimgan's actions in the Brimgan Empire for the past 13 years and the supposed story of her past. "I understand now."

He stared at her to ask, "Are we still in contact with the Ganrimb Kingdom?"

"It has been wiped out recently. But once a century, there was an exchange of information between Fhoong Brimgan and one of our ministers who has continued to support him." Harla Brimgan said, "We've managed to verify all the information from her story other than any records related to her personal life."

"Then, we'll continue with the status quo," Boul Brimgan said, "Irrespective of the reasons, we have the Royal Zinger on our side. That protection is necessary until we finish strengthening ourselves."

"So, we'll recognise the Royal Zinger as the Brimgan Empire's guardian." Boul Brimgan said as he announced to the ministers nearby, "Publicise this information across all languages used in regions far and wide. Let every single human and Pranic Beast know that the Royal Zinger's human identity is Amita Brimgan. She's a proud Brimgan Royal and now, I proclaim her with the title,"

"The Brimgan Guardian!"been updated: With your help, we got No.65 on the Golden Ticket rankings for the month of 3, and I am just short of 0 votes to the next rank!



Chapter 559 Delusional Despair

140 kilometres from the Brimgan Empire was a group moving about in a hurry, with the majority of the members sporting expressions of doom and despair.

Leading the group was Raaha, his expression fierce as he glared at Asaeya, "You never knew about his plan?"

"I didn't know he would become a Pranic Beast." Asaeya bowed her head in response, her gaze heavy, "I…don't understand why Inala did that."

"Is she telling the truth?" Raaha stared at the crying figure of Harrala.

"Yes, she's not lying. But does that matter?" Harrala screamed shrilly, "We don't have a future anymore! There's no way to survive after the Boar King's evolution. He was already an absurd existence, but now, even Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts might not be his opponent!"

"There, there." Rhanalla consoled Harrala while trying her best to stop herself from despairing. As the second strongest Empyrean Tusk, she had to take the lead in comforting their youngest, "We'll think of a solution. There's always a solution."

"Do we leave?" She stared at Raaha, "The Mammoth Clan's ultimate goal is to enter the Mystic Grade. Gannala and Harrala would be able to accomplish that eventually. There's no purpose in remaining on Sumatra anymore."

"Don't we have the information necessary to head towards another continent? Best of all, we'll be assisted by a Mudropper. Our chances of success are higher than in the past."

"Let's wait for the time being," Raaha said as the group arrived at a halt, waiting patiently as ten minutes later, a tunnel entrance opened on the ground as Gannala leaped out, accompanied by Vhalla and the remaining Empyrean Tusks.

Gannala's expression was complex as she stared at Raaha, "We have a problem, Chief."

"Blola is unable to revive Grehha and Yennda. I'm afraid they've been captured by Yarsha Zahara."

"Dammit!" Raaha cursed in anger as the trees in his vicinity withered in response to his emission of Prana. "The revival process was interrupted?"

"I'm afraid she captured the fruits of the two that were forming on the Transcendent Eater." Gannala said as she accessed the memories of Blola who was currently in her biome, "Blola is now at the 1-Life Stage. So, his other body must have been compromised. He tried to revive the two but the revival process hasn't started. Moreover, his two slots are empty now. This can only mean that Grehha and Yennda have been compromised."

The mood turned a notch worse at the news. Yennda being compromised was already an issue, since if he remains idle, the Yellow Mystic Path in Harrala would never be filled. This meant that one of the paths was compromised, preventing Harrala from ever attaining Mystic Grade status.

Yennda only had Iron Grade strength. Therefore, he would only be living for a few more decades. The timeframe was already too short to fill up the Mystic Path in Harrala, but if he was held captive by Yarsha Zahara, then Harrala's potential was as good as dead.

But the bigger problem was Grehha getting compromised. He was the creator of the Bone Vipers. This meant that details regarding one of the Mammoth Clan's valuable trump cards would be leaked to Brangara. It would allow the latter to make preparations accordingly.

Grehha was aware of the Mammoth Treasury's existence. The moment Brangara realises that the Mammoth Clan owns a Major Treasure, he would target it first.

Without the Mammoth Treasury, once Raaha dies, the Mammoth Clan would no longer be able to wield the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle. This was no different from crippling the line of Mammoth Chiefs.

The data leak was still a secondary issue. The primary issue was that Grehha didn't have a child yet. This meant that the Green Mystc Path was still in his possession. And through the Transcendent Eater's power in her possession, Yarsha Zahara could control Grehha and make him cough up everything related to the Mystic Paths.

And when she becomes aware of it, she'd immediately take advantage of it to obtain the Green Mystic Path. She was such an individual.

Their defences were compromised, the Yellow Mystic Path was pretty much crippled and the Green Mystic Path was in the enemy's possession. All this was happening in a situation where Brangara became the Celestial Boar.

In a situation where the combined might of all seven Mystic Paths still couldn't guarantee victory against the Celestial Boar, two had fallen into the enemy's hands and would next plunge their fangs into the Mammoth Clan.

"There's no need to despair." Gannala was still going strong as he scanned the group, "Dad can think up a plan easily…where's he?"

She stared at Asaeya, her expression turning a tad fierce upon seeing that she was alone, "Asaeya…? Where's my father?"

"He betrayed us." Raaha sighed in defeat, "After everything we did to support him, he became a Pranic Beast."

"What…are you talking about?" Gannala stammered as she observed the disappointed expressions of all Empyrean Tusks, "Is this the truth? Chief, please tell me you're lying!"

"Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Royal Zinger." Rhanalla said in a tone of sadness, "That was what Inala had become when I last saw him. Even though he's your father, you're still his Deity, Gannala. Did you truly not detect anything from his memories?"

"Becoming a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast isn't as simple as buying a Parute Fruit from a store. To achieve in a mere two decades something the Mammoth Clan has been aiming for thousands of years means the extent of his preparation must have been enormous." Rhanalla glared at Gannala, "Are you telling me you couldn't detect preparations on such a vast scale? Or…"

"Mammoth Clan Male and Cooter Clan Female, this was what Inala had achieved using the Boar King's Prana." Asaeya began to speak, "For the past thirteen years, half of him was a Cooter Clansman. The heart thumping in his chest currently is that of an Empyrean Snapper."

She stared at Gannala, "Gannala could only access Inala's memories when he's in his male form. So half the time, she was blind to his thoughts. If he stored everything in his female form somehow…"

"Stop!" Gannala glared at Asaeya, "Are you hearing what you're talking about? After everything he did for us, you dare talk shit about him?"

"I'm talking shit about him?" Asaeya roared in retaliation, "I'm fucking hurt! I've been with him from the start and now what? I gave my everything to him and he's not even a Mammoth Clansman now! You weren't there when he evolved."

Asaeya collapsed to the ground, shedding tears, "When he became the Royal Zinger, Inala changed. Even though he seemed like he was the same individual as before, when I saw him from close up, I couldn't recognise him anymore. His eyes, they were completely different!"

"That bastard isn't Inala!"

"Stop it!" Gannala shouted at Asaeya, her expression in denial, also addressing the Empyrean Tusks who seemed to have become antagonistic towards Inala, "Dad might be suffering now. Is it not our job to cure whatever is plaguing him? We need to save him. Something might have gone wrong when he obtained the Attribute."

"He needs our help!"

"Something might have gone wrong?" Asaeya laughed self-

deprecatingly, losing the will to argue, "You've been reading his memories constantly. You know the extent to which he prepares for even the simplest situation. Nothing went against his plans until the end, even when he obtained the Attribute. Whatever he did, he had planned to do so since the very beginning."

"No…this isn't true…" Gannala collapsed helplessly as she stared at the sky with a vacant gaze, "I must be dreaming. Oh, right, there was a term for this on Earth. Hallucination! Was that what it was called? Yeah, I must be hallucinating."

"Did…did he abandon me?" Her tears flowed nonstop as Gannala was unable to bear this messed up situation. Her dad being part of her immune system was her common sense, the fundamental aspect with which she was born and lived.

And now, she was denied her birthright, "Why? Dad, why?"

The Mammoth Clan was in a broken state. Even now, they were sensing the screams from the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in Brangara, one that was urging them to escape from Sumatra. They were all in an overwhelming state of helplessness, in despair.

Piling further upon it was the chaos resulting from the loss of Yennda, Grehha, and worst of all, Inala's betrayal. Gannala felt it hard to even breathe, suffocated by the tumultuous emotions she was experiencing.

She stared at Raaha and uttered weakly, "There's nothing we can do in Sumatra, Chief."

"Let's leave this fucking continent!"

"What are your thoughts on this?" Raaha stared at Vhalla after eyeing the silent Maroppa, "You're the one with all the necessary information."

"I have been talking with her all along." Vhalla nudged Maroppa and continued, "We'll have an easier time travelling through the Sandy-Grey Void using her help as long as we remain in our human forms. But we need to make some preparations first."

"She's able to build a ship capable of sailing through the Sandy-

Grey Void, but the resource requirement is pretty significant." She concluded.

"We also need to prepare for the dangers present in the Sandy-

Grey Void." Maroppa said, clutching her head as she felt a migraine all of a sudden, "It's not just the environment we have to guard against. But once we're far away, we'll lose Sumatra's protection too. That's when the Sandy-Grey Void becomes truly treacherous…"

"Fuck!" She screamed all of a sudden and crouched low, observing that her fingers were trembling. This phenomenon was the same as what an Empyrean Tusk felt towards Brangara, confusing her, "Something terrifying is approaching us!"

"What?" Raaha became alert upon seeing Maroppa's reaction, "Is Brangara returning?"

"No, he's heading towards the Dieng Canyon without any changes." Vhalla stared at Maroppa in confusion, "Her reaction is the same as us, but the cause seems to be something else."

"It's here!" Maroppa shrilled at the sky as everyone stared in the direction reflexively. There was nothing there for a few seconds, following which a dot appeared, gradually growing bigger before suddenly, it vanished.

Gently landing at a spot on the ground nearby, lithe like a butterfly was a winged humanoid who retracted his wings and turned around to face the group of Empyrean Tusks, emanating the presence of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, "Thank goodness you were on the surface. I was finally able to spot you."

It was Inala!



Chapter 560 Are You My Enemy?

Primary Nature—Mystic Royalty!

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Through his set of abilities, Inala was capable of creating grey sand in his Biome Bomb, an ability exclusive to the Mudropper race. Moreover, through his Secondary Nature, Inala was capable of nerfing, suppressing, or even neutering the effects of grey sand.

Even though the amount of Prana necessary to neuter the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void in his Biome Bomb was ginormous, it still displayed a terrifying possibility.

The Mudropper race was only able to create the Sandy-Grey Void. They couldn't reverse it. To date, the only existence capable of reverting its effects was the Mammoth Ancestor, and she did it using the Nature Weapons of Mudroppers.

Moreover, the results weren't perfect. The best example was Gaja Enclave, the birthplace of the Mammoth Ancestor. Once a bountiful land rich with resources enough to support the development of a herd of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, it was reduced to a barren land now.

This was because the Mudropper race invaded it in the past, turning most of the Gaja Enclave into a part of the Sandy-Grey Void. Eventually, once Mahira Tusk developed her Secondary Nature of Weaponisation to the limit, she used plenty of Mudropper Nature Weapons to erase the Sandy-Grey Void occupying her home.

Gaja Enclave recovered as a landmass, but the damage was too severe. Hardly any plants grew. The only existence living there was a sparse number of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts who fled into the place from the main Continent.

It was then used by Brangara to store the corpses of the Empyrean Tusks he had hunted, especially once he came to know this to be the birthplace of the Mammoth Clan. By storing Empyrean Tusk corpses here, he was making a statement to Sumatra.

He'd annihilate the Mammoth Clan!

It was a famous story in the surrounding parts where Pranic Beast races at the Silver Grade and above used as an example to teach their younger generation to never mess with the Boar King.

Even Mahira Tusk was only able to heal the damage. But Inala, on the other hand, given he had enough Prana, could heal Gaja Enclave to its prime.

He was capable of neutering the effects of Sandy-Grey Void. If it's something he created, he could neuter it easily. But if it's the Sandy-Grey Void created externally, like the Sanrey Plains or the border of Sumatra, Inala would have to spend a lot of time and resources.

But it was a fact that he could neutralise its effects as a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger. Basically, he had become an existence that could counter the Mudropper race.

Inala didn't mistakenly evolve in this direction. No, it was on purpose. Among the effective ways to harm the Boar King, other than his ability to steal Prana and Lifeforce was the grey sand. The higher the potency of its effects, the greater the harm it posed to the Boar King.

But, using grey sand was no different from unleashing a nuke on Earth. It would consume everything. Hence, Inala paid attention to gear his evolution in such a direction that he could create, manipulate, contain, and erase the effects of Sandy-Grey Void.

When Maroppa birthed a child in the Sanrey Plains, as in every generation of Mudropper, the child inherited all information stored in Maroppa in her genetics. Inala obtained that data.

Following that, for over a decade, Amita absorbed Maroppa's Prana to complete her Sumatra Gold Skeleton.

All Inala told Maroppa was that he was using her Prana to fuse the Sumatra Gold into his female form's skeleton. But his plans ran deeper. The Mudropper race was a strategic race, one of its kind, with powers capable of destroying large regions of Sumatra.

He was obviously interested in its power. As Prana was an energy created through a fusion between the energies of body, mind, and soul, Inala absorbed as much Prana of Maroppa as possible.

With the excuse of his Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Inala engraved the entirety of the Mudropper race's data into the skeleton, amplified and stabilised it through the properties of Sumatra Gold. Maroppa's Prana enhanced and nurtured this inscribed data.

Basically, by the time Inala's preparations were complete, he knew more about Maroppa than herself. Even though she wasn't aware of this, as a race specialised in sensory means, Maroppa instinctively felt afraid to face Inala.

To date, she attributed it to the fact that Inala was a madman and hence, she instinctively felt repulsed by such an existence, even though she gained a lot thanks to him. But that was merely her misunderstanding.

In truth, she could feel him evolving into an existence that ran counter to her race. This was the same as what the Empyrean Tusks felt towards Brangara. Hence, the fear was instinctive.

After Inala evolved into the Royal Zinger, this was conceptualised and manifested into a reality. Hence, Maroppa trembled in fear, able to sense Inala's approach through the sense of fear she felt.

"Y-Y-You…Inala…" This was the first time she felt fear that stemmed from a genetic level, unable to form a coherent sentence as she collapsed on the ground, sprawling on all fours without any semblance of resistance.

She prostrated herself in defeat, submitting herself to him, unwilling to fathom resisting him even in her dreams.

"Why are you like this, Maroppa?" Inala frowned upon seeing her actions as he took a step in her direction, stopping immediately in a daze, feeling like he was dreaming. After all, what he was witnessing was something he had never expected.

The moment he took a step toward Maroppa, the entirety of the Mammoth Clan made a retreat, erecting a distance of 180 metres from him. This was his Spirit Weapon range. And the fact that the distance between the two clearly displayed the Mammoth Clan's trust in him.

In simpler terms, they didn't trust him. Honestly, he had expected the Mammoth Clan to react like this, mentally prepared to convince them. He had arrived with a plan in mind, confident in bringing them to his side.

But upon seeing that even Gannala and Asaeya had retreated alongside the Mammoth Clan, something in him snapped.

"You…" Inala stared at Gannala, "Why are you standing so far away, brat? Come closer."

"I missed you." Saying so, Inala took a step forward, stopping upon seeing Gannala retreat by a step, maintaining a distance of 180 metres between the two.

There was silence for a few seconds before soon, a cold voice resounded from Inala, "I see. So even you are afraid of me."

"Whatever you want to say, please speak from your spot," Raaha said, his body tense, accumulating Prana in his hands and legs. "We'll treat you as an enemy if you take a step closer to us."

Directly support the authors on WebNovel!

"I expected their reaction, but why are you behaving like this, Gannala?" Inala ignored Raaha's statement and focused solely on his daughter. "Shouldn't you know me better?"

"I thought that all along, but you hid your plans from me." Gannala said, her eyes sunken from shedding tears, "How did you…that doesn't matter. Why did you hide the truth from me?"

"Because you won't like it," Inala spoke, his pupils steadily widening in response.

"Why?" Gannala screamed, "We were happy when you were a Mammoth Clansman. Why did you become this? Why?"

"Why?" Inala tilted his head and stared at Gannala in mockery, "Go on, you know better. You're smarter than you think you are. So, why don't you take a guess?"

"…" Gannala became silent in response, biting her lips in anger.

"See, you know the answer." Inala sighed as he began to walk towards Gannala, "This is the only way I can kill Brangara."

"You already had the strength necessary to kill him before!" Gannala argued, "All you had to do was reach the 10-Life Stage before the Fourth Major Disaster and you had a solid chance of killing him. You confirmed that multiple times through your experiments."

"Yes, there was no issue in that build, except for one," He stared at Gannala as two strings of Prana jutted out of him and made contact with an Empyrean Tusk that intended to get in his way, stealing its Prana, "It's a warning. Don't interrupt me, otherwise, I'll steal your Lifespan next."

Arriving at a stop before Gannala, he stared at his daughter who was now a head taller than him, "The influence from my Natures turned me into someone I was not. I went mad multiple times due to them. You've seen it plenty of times."

"So, tell me, Gannala." He snorted, "Would I have remained sane until the fourth Major Disaster?"

Seeing her hesitation, he nodded, "You have your answer. That's why I became a Pranic Beast. I know you don't like seeing me like this, but I've done only to protect the Mammoth Clan."

"So, can't you forgive me?" He asked and reached his hand to Gannala, only to be grabbed by Raaha who glared at him in response. "I'm still your father."

"Your expression doesn't seem to be of someone asking for forgiveness." Raaha walked between Inala and Gannala, his intention to fight clear, "I can't feel an ounce of emotion towards Gannala in you."

"Hmm?" Inala stared at Raaha in silence for two seconds before his expression turned fierce, "Say, Raaha. I've been curious about it all along. So, please answer me truthfully."

"Does the Mammoth Clan intend to become my enemy?"



