Chapter 381 Mammoth Home and Digester

Secondary Nature—Mammoth Home!

Mud Vipers were extremely territorial in nature. Though being Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, frightened by powerful Pranic Beasts, when their nests get damaged, they charge at the enemy with reckless abandon.

It was why the First Minor Crisis happened, even though Mud Vipers are afraid of Empyrean Tusks the most among all Pranic Beasts.

Bone Vipers were created from them, with their Nest being replaced with the Empyrean Tusk's body. Basically, the Empyrean Tusk was their home, so they would do everything in their power to preserve their home.

And if the slightest harm were to come to their home, they would charge out and target the cause. By harnessing their genetic desire to protect their homes at all costs and by linking it to their Prana, Grehha managed to create their Secondary Nature.

If a Bone Viper were to hatch in the biome of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, then it could consider the 1st Empyrean Tusk its home. It would live, propagate, and die in its home. The effects of its Secondary Nature allowed the Empyrean Tusk to actually treat Bone Vipers as part of its immune system.

In the human body, white blood cells alone don't form the immune system. There are also lymphocytes and many others. All combined form the human body's immune system, with each geared towards fighting different enemies.

At present, in Sumatra Continent, the Empyrean Tusks had one enemy they were awfully geared to face and sustained repeated defeats. That was the Boar King. Grehha had read the end of Sumatra Chronicles.

The strength displayed by the Boar King there was honestly on a whole other level. He was using more than a dozen Internal Inertial Gravity, unleashing earth-shattering might merely through the flaps of his eyelids. There was a slight exaggeration, but only slightly. Even his eyelid flaps generated powerful gusts of wind.

That was how broken he gets towards the endgame. Therefore, Grehha had been thinking about it since his reader days. The Empyrean Tusks sustain significant losses during the Third Major Disaster, which makes them incapable of facing the Boar King in the Fourth Major Disaster.

Moreover, half the Mammoth Clan dies in the Second Major Disaster, causing them to weaken significantly. Therefore, there might be someone to take the place of the Mammoth Clan and fight on its behalf. They should also be able to help the Empyrean Tusks recover from damage and get back on track as soon as possible.

The answer Grehha arrived at was the Bone Viper.

Back when Grehha arrived at Inala's house and knew the latter had chosen to become a Zinger, he was honestly relieved. Because, both had opted for swarm tactics, which seemed to be the only realistic option to counter the Boar King.

Inala focused on offence through his Zingers while Grehha focused on defence through his Bone Vipers. The actions of both would strengthen the Mammoth Clan as a whole, making their losses minimal.

After the merger, Minor Crises were no longer as dangerous to the Mammoth Clan. Except for a select few that were similar to the 5th Minor Crisis, all other Minor Crises could be resisted with minimal losses.

But Major Disasters happen in the terrain influenced by the Major Treasures. These areas were dangerous to even the Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. Therefore, there was a significant chance their losses would be as severe, if not even higher this time.

After all, Grehha feared what Virala and Blola might do, since they were destructively greedy characters. It was no longer possible to put them to death for good without killing Blola.

But Grehha would never get an opportunity for that, since even Raaha didn't support that line of thought, for Blola's existence was tremendously useful for the Mammoth Clan. Just the fact that he could create Parute King Fruits was of significant importance.

And as long as Blola was alive, he could revive the other reincarnates. Therefore, the only other option available to Grehha would be to strengthen the Mammoth Clan as much as possible.

Genetic modification for reptiles in endangered habitats was part of Grehha's job back on Earth. Through that, he tried to protect countless endangered reptile species, adapt them to different environments, and increase their numbers through selective breeding.

He focused on his strength here and remained focused on that single task all along, never wavering. Though their interaction was minimal and only lasted a year, Grehha knew how terrifying Inala's intelligence was.

He knew with a guarantee that Inala would be boosting Gannala's abilities like crazy. When she returns to the Mammoth Clan, she will easily take up the spot as the strongest. Grehha was confident about that, and based on how Orakha behaved after getting revived, treating Inala with the utmost caution, he had confirmed his thoughts.

As the two constructively greedy individuals of the seven, it was up to them to ensure the Mammoth Clan's fate in this timeline was better than Sumatra Chronicles.

"And the final Nature is the best." Grehha smiled, 'I need to thank Resha for this. Though it was a trade, he gave me the Toxin Refinement Skill and a bunch of Skills devised to take advantage of the characteristics of Mud Vipers.'

Tertiary Nature—Digester!

Mud Vipers produce toxins capable of softening the Mud Balls they shoot out. These toxins could even melt through other substances, though a bit lacking in efficiency. The prime goal of this toxin was to soften the target enough for their consumption.

Grehha improved upon that aspect to create the Tertiary Nature, through which the Bone Viper could gather and prepare resources. By mixing the secreted toxins into the resources, they'll soften it and transform it into a sludge that could be digested easily by the Empyrean Tusk.

That was the Tertiary Nature's function. Basically, through it, Empyrean Tusks could digest everything faster and replenish their strength rapidly.

The Bone Vipers could flood out of the Empyrean Tusk's body when necessary, consume everything in their path, and store in their stomachs after mixing them with their toxins. Then, they would return to the Empyrean Tusk's stomach biome and barf out everything.

This barfed substance would be easily digestible for the Empyrean Tusk. In situations similar to their current state of being, Bone Vipers would be of tremendous use.

Adding them to the Empyrean Tusk wouldn't strain the resources generated in its body. Rather, the Bone Vipers could actively participate in the resource collection. It was this reason that caused the Mammoth Elders to face an identity crisis.

However, after a moment of thought, they calmed down, understanding that they—Mammoth Clansmen—wouldn't be replaced, since the upper end of the fighting strength still depended on them.

And unlike the Bone Vipers, they were sentient beings, capable of a variety of things, including birthing new Empyrean Tusks.

"Chief," One of the Mammoth Elders stared at Raaha and frowned, "You made us argue needlessly."

"Had you told us about the Bone Vipers' Secondary Nature, we would have accepted it without raising a fuss." He continued, "They too would worship our Deity. So, they align with our beliefs."

"Let's vote." The Mammoth Elder raised his hand, "Do we introduce Bone Vipers in the bodies of our Deities?"

There was a unanimous acceptance as everyone raised their hands in response, causing Grehha to heave a deep breath in relief. 'Thank goodness.'

Raaha observed Grehha's expression and fell deep in thought, 'It seems there's more to this than I thought.'

'As expected, I need to meet up with Inala and Gannala.'



Chapter 382 Spring Acrobatics

Accompanying the Mammoth Clan Chief and the sixteen Mammoth Elders, Grehha arrived at the stomach biome of the 1st Empyrean Tusk and placed the box on the ground. Following that, he took out the eggs carefully using psychokinesis and placed them on the floor.

"Chief, please communicate with the 1st Empyrean Tusk and tell it to seep its Prana into the eggs." Grehha stared at Raaha to request. Since all eggs were covered by an Empyrean Incubator, it was very simple for the Empyrean Tusk to seep its Prana into the egg without destroying it.

As long as its Prana touches the surface, the Empyrean Incubator will do the rest.

"Done," Raaha nodded as the 1st Empyrean Tusk knew by reading his memories. Immediately in response, a gentle stream of Prana seeped into the twenty eggs that hatched immediately after.

They were unlike Zinger eggs that required to absorb Prana to hatch. The Prana requirement here was merely to imprint upon the Secondary Natures of the Bone Vipers that the 1st Empyrean Tusk was their home.

Twenty healthy Bone Vipers hatched from their respective eggs and slithered towards Raaha instinctively, since he was part of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

In unison, they stared at Grehha, hissing, judging whether or not to eliminate him. Though, upon sensing the sentiments of their home, they didn't attack him.

"Phew!" Grehha heaved a breath in relief upon seeing that. Even though he had engineered them to behave in such a way, until he could confirm them behaving accordingly, he was nervous.

Now, he knew that the Bone Vipers knew what to do based on the Empyrean Tusk's emotions. Thereby, if someone foreign like him was granted entry, they wouldn't gang up on him and destroy him. But instead, they would make judgments properly.

The fact that Grehha wasn't killed meant that the Bone Vipers were able to make proper judgement. And upon witnessing it, the Mammoth Elders nodded in praise.

One of them commented happily, "They move according to the wishes of our Deity. That's more than enough."

He then stared at Grehha, "Give me all the details regarding them on a Bone Slip."

"I have it ready, Elder." Grehha took out a spherical Bone Slip from his pocket and presented it to the Elder.

"Ohh!" The Mammoth Elder's eyes opened wide in surprise as he accessed all the information regarding the Bone Vipers, "They can reach maturity in twelve years? That's pretty fast."

"It would have been faster had I maintained their strength at Beginner Iron Grade. But I wanted a competent defence, even if their growth time were to extend in response." Grehha explained his reasoning, "Economically, I calculated that it would have been perfect if they were at Expert Iron Grade. So, I made the choice."

"That means you could have upgraded them to the Silver Grade if you wanted?" The Mammoth Elder with a goatee asked.

"Yes, but their bodies became too big in response. And we would need to frequently stop for them to rush out and collect resources for their needs." Grehha said, "We'll be destroying our surroundings too much in that case. Our path will become barren of resources and probably won't recover even after a century. We'll be signing ourselves to our doom in that case."

"Moreover," He spoke right as the Mammoth Elders thought of dropping the subject about Silver Grade Bone Vipers, "At Silver Grade, they'll gain sentience and wouldn't actively be controlled through their Secondary Nature. They wouldn't live alongside us and instead plan to actively replace us, since they inherently dislike intruders in their home. We Mammoth Clansmen too would fall under that bracket."

"Only at Iron Grade are they fully controlled by their Secondary Nature and consider us too as part of their home."

"That's the bigger reason, huh?" The Mammoth Elder with a goatee nodded. He then asked, "How many Bone Vipers can you create in a month?"

"Easily over a thousand." Grehha said, "Since I have successfully reared a pair of Mud Viper parents responsible for laying Bone Viper eggs. With a bit of assistance through my Empyrean Incubator, they'll be ready to hatch."

Since the Bone Vipers reached maturity at the age of twelve, they wouldn't be laying eggs anytime soon. So, until then, the Mammoth Clan had to depend on Grehha to rapidly increase their numbers.

The conditions of the Empyrean Tusks were still dangerous. Though they had avoided a collapse, their resource reserves were still in red. In their weakened state, it was taxing on their stomachs to digest the ingested resources and supply the digested content to other biomes.

The addition of Bone Vipers was a necessity. That was the only way to avoid multiple Empyrean Tusk deaths in case the Mammoth Clan had to go to war again. In their present state, even a Minor Crisis was disastrous enough.

"Get to work, then." The Mammoth Elder stared at Raaha and nodded. Since the Mammoth Elders had given their approval, their work here was done. Raaha could take care of the rest, since he was the Mammoth Clan Chief.

Grehha then brought a box to the stomach biomes of each Empyrean Tusk in order and hatched twenty Bone Vipers there. Following that, he returned home and began to prepare another batch. Soon after, Raaha sent a bunch of resources necessary for his needs, allowing him to cultivate and do his work from the comfort of his home.

Unlike the rest, Grehha never had to fight or face danger. He could slowly, but steadily build up strength, which was why his Mystic Path was claimed to be the slowest but the most stable of them all.

At the same time, in a hotel room situated on the Geyser Cup of Longevity, hanging from the ceiling was the figure of Inala, his position stable.

Attached to the ceiling was a Life Bomb and connected to it was a string of Prana created out of his Tertiary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis. The string spanned a length of a metre and dangling from it was Inala.

Its tensile strength was more than enough to handle his weight. He dangled like a pendulum and observed no damage to the string. With a thought from him, the string elongated in length, remaining structurally stable. It then contracted, pulling him to the ceiling with force.

Mystic Mist Art—Puppetry!

Two more strings of Prana came out of him and coiled to resemble a spring that absorbed all his momentum, ensuring he didn't collide with the ceiling. He had done this process enough times to react promptly and create the spring.

"Fuooh!" He exhaled softly as the three strings of Prana disappeared, causing him to fall to the floor. But right before his body slammed into the floor, a string of Prana flowed out of his head, chest, abdomen, and feet respectively. They coiled into a spring each and caused his body to bounce upon coming into contact with the floor.

But right as the elastic force stored in the spring was about to send his body springing up into the ceiling, their radius increased and dispersed their energy. A moment later, Inala dissipated them, sensing that he had gently touched the floor, his landing soft enough to not feel a thing.

His fall didn't generate the slightest sound as he stared at the Life Bombs attached to the ceiling and muttered, "Good, one more experimentation left. Once I'm done with that, it's time to take action."

"I'll make a move in a couple of days."



Chapter 383 Brimgan Railway

It had been a month since he started staying at the Geyser Leaf of Longevity. Taking advantage of his male form during the nights when he could remain alone, Inala made use of Mystic Bone Art to digest large quantities of food to quickly regain his muscle mass.

Moreover, as he practiced, his Prana grew at staggering speeds even without consuming any Elixirs. After the heart switch with Wittral, his Spirit Container was extremely fragile. It would shatter if he were to consume an Elixir.

It was why he raised his Prana the traditional way while steadily strengthening his Spirit Container. Currently, he had already crossed a hundred Prana, now having enough Prana capacity to perform a variety of activities without issues.

During emergencies, he could always revert to his male form and use a Prana Hand to replenish his Prana.

Condensing a Life Bomb, Inala casually threw it into the air. His gaze hardened instantly as two strings of Prana exited him and coiled around the Prana Bomb. One coiled from top to bottom while the other coiled from bottom to top.

It was difficult to replicate his Skill of Puppetry through Mystic Mist Art, but the result was functional, to say the least. It needed a lot of improvements though, since Mystic Skill Creator only worked on Mystic Bone Art.

It took a bit longer than a second to finish forming two layers of coil over the Life Bomb. Immediately in response, Prana gushed through the coils and into the Life Bomb to shred it into dust, taking five seconds to do so.

Secondary Nature—Subtle Terrain Dominance!

This was a killing move Inala had been developing for the past month. By wrapping the strings of Prana, he prevented all traces of the activities inside from leaking out. The ability wasn't perfect yet and took too long, even for something as small as a Prana Bomb.

But that was merely a skill issue on his part. As long as he continues to train, the ability will become more and more potent.

Both Subtle Terrain Dominance and Tangible Psychokinesis were new Natures. So, Inala had to spend a lot of time training in them to increase his expertise. Even Wittral spent more than two decades using the two abilities and still had plenty left to learn.

Both were extremely versatile abilities and hence would take a lot of time and effort to be mastered. But that was fine on his part, since the more he trained in them, the stronger he got.

Inala then approached the room's wall and leaned on it, inhaling a deep breath before he activated Subtle Terrain Dominance. His figure melted into the wall, causing a lot of ripples in response. More than twenty seconds later, his figure vanished, now within the wall.

Ten seconds later, he exited the wall and stared at the spot he had entered, noticing that the colour of the wall there was dull, with patches of paint disappearing.

To enter the wall, he had to use Subtle Terrain Dominance to push away the particles forming the wall and open a wide enough hole. As he enters it, he will have to close it back while ensuring the arrangements of the particles match their initial position.

This had to be done while accounting for the lack of space caused by his entry. Therefore, the density of the wall had to be changed. All this had to be done dynamically and as quickly as possible.

It wasn't a skill that could be mastered in a short time. Even Wittral wouldn't be able to do it perfectly.

But that didn't mean Inala would give up, since his upcoming plan relied on this. He continued to practice, thinking, 'If I had the Minor Treasures of Water Flow Sense and Wind Flow Sense, I would have an easier time rearranging the particles.'

His actions would have been more concealed in that situation. But it is what it is. He had to make do with the tools at his disposal.

A day later, Inala exited his hotel room, seeing an impatient Wittral seated at a table in the restaurant below. "Were you waiting for long?"

"A bit," Wittral extended his hand, his expression barely able to rein in his glee, "Where is it?"

"Here," Inala sighed and handed out a scroll, 'I should create a situation where this scroll gets coincidentally destroyed.'

"Ho! Hoo!" Wittral laughed like an old man as he unfurled the scroll and stared at the bald image of Inala drawn on it, in a seated pose. The restaurant waiter happened to pass by and stared at the image, growing pale in response as if he had seen a ghost; he fled the place.

"Don't look at it here." Inala cursed in embarrassment, finished his breakfast, and left the restaurant in a hurry.

"I was just admiring it." Wittral carefully pocketed the scroll and kept pace.

Once they arrived at the Labour Association's entrance, the duo habitually wore a wig, for that was something demanded by the Labour Association. As long as Inala and Wittral wear wigs, they'll be granted citizenship once they contribute enough.

The story they went ahead with was that while fleeing from the Rumtara Kingdom, they were poisoned by a strange Pranic Beast. Even though they made a recovery, all the hair on their body fell off, turning them bald.

They hoped to find a cure in the Brimgan Empire, which was one of the leading motivations for which they worked on so many jobs and were driven to chase after success.

For the people of the Brimgan Empire who treated hair as a beauty standard, going bald made no sense. Why would someone purposefully make themselves ugly? Hence, they bought Inala's story.

"You're one of the fastest in this city to lose your refugee status." The Labour Association Branch Manager said as he collected the Refugee IDs of Inala and Wittral and transferred their contents to new slabs.

Following that, he ground the Refugee IDs to dust and gave Inala and Wittral their new, Citizen IDs, "From today onwards, you're valuable citizens of the Brimgan Empire."

"Congratulations on becoming a part of paradise," The Branch Manager smiled, "Let me invite you once again."

"Welcome to the Brimgan Empire."

"We're grateful for your help." Inala smiled as he held his Citizen ID, 'It took me a month, just as I had planned. Now, onto the next step.'

The duo exited the Labour Association and approached the city's railway station. Yes, railway. It existed here. The engine was basically a bunch of Body Stage Free Human cultivators using psychokinesis to rotate a power gear.

Torque was distributed across the engine wheels through this power gear. As a result, the railway functioned as a locomotive. Only due to the Brimgan Empire's stability and longstanding history could they achieve such a feat and maintain it successfully.

The station was a sprawling building, with two tracks running side by side. It was merely a single mountain range that the railway line had to traverse.

The Southern Veins was basically a series of mountain ranges that joined together at the southernmost tip. So, one line forward and one line backward; two railway lines were sufficient for travel.

A train arrived at the station once every ten minutes, allowing for easy travel between cities. There were both cargo and passenger trains.

Arriving at the ticket booth, Inala displayed his Citizen ID and spoke, "Two tickets to Fentan City, please."

The receptionist at the counter used her Spirit Weapon to scan Inala's and Wittral's IDs, receiving their basic information in response that was automatically recorded into her Spirit Weapon—which functioned similar to a Bone Slip.

Upon accessing the database to verify their information, she created tickets in their names respectively, "That'll be 18 Briga."

"That's very cheap for the distance involved," Wittral muttered at the side, amazed, and also irritated that such a thing wasn't created by the Cooter Clan. Though he had left the Cooter Clan, his common sense hadn't. And every single day, as he experienced the Brimgan Empire's technological advancement, his common sense took a hit.

After all, the Free Humans had superior development, unlike what he came to believe all his life. The Free Humans protected by the Cooter Clan were merely sheltered babies purposefully kept ignorant.

Wittral's exposure to Free Humans jumped from the lower extreme to its upper extreme, causing him to develop conflicting emotions towards everything he witnessed at the Brimgan Empire.



Chapter 384 An Extroverted Tailor

Wide windows hung along the side of the railway compartments, allowing one to relish the mist-covered sights that pass by. Regions with a sparser quantity of Misty Bamboo had less mist, leading to a better view.

Moreover, after a while, the railway passed along the coastal line, allowing the passengers to witness the changing Northern Lakes.

Each compartment spanned a length of forty metres and a breadth of ten metres, significantly wide. There were four seats per row, situated on either side, two per each.

The seating arrangement was done in a manner to mimic balconies, with long, open windows that allowed the wind to brush past their faces while they travelled along the refreshing journey.

Situated in the centre of the compartment, spanning a breadth of three metres was the walking space, acting like a corridor. Doors were situated on the corridor, with each door leading to a room of four seats—two rows in total.

Walls were separating every two rows among the balconies. This way, there was a good level of privacy maintained for the passengers. Train staff moved silently along the corridor and served to passengers seated in the balconies on either side.

Skateboards seemed to be their preferred mode of travel as the staff expertly moved using them while pushing forth large trolleys full of food. A staff arrived at a stop before a certain door and knocked once, "Your food has arrived."

"Please enter." Wittral's grumpy voice resounded, egoistically irritated, but still awed by the arrangements.

The staff entered and laid a table between the two rows facing each other. In this balcony section sat a bald youth in his early twenties, a bald woman similarly aged, a woman with shoulder-length hair that seemed a year or two younger, and finally, a seven-year-old girl.

He expertly placed all food items on the table, affixed the table to the balcony rails to prevent it from moving, performed a casual bow, and made his exit. He was a professional.

"It seems a bit awkward to eat like this." The woman seated opposite Inala introduced herself with a cheerful, outgoing tone, "I'm a tailor who goes by the name Hayaya. And this is my daughter, Lannla. We are making a trip to Fentan City for sightseeing."

"What about the both of you?" She stared at Inala and Wittral, shot a glance at their bald heads, and revealed a brighter smile, "I'm extremely curious about your past, if you don't mind me asking."

"We're refugees from the Rumtara Kingdom," Wittral spoke, having a better impression of the woman before him as she was the first person in the Brimgan Empire who hadn't shot disgusted looks at their bald selves.

"I'm Wittral, and this is my…Amita." Wittral fumbled a bit towards the end, behaving like he had a cough to continue speaking, "We became citizens just today. So, we're heading to Fentan City to start our business."

"That's wonderful. Fentan City is indeed a business center." The woman, Hayaya nodded and asked, "From what I know, Rumtara Kingdom follows a somewhat similar culture to the Brimgan Empire. So, forgive me for my frankness, I know it's a bad habit, but I'm just too curious."

"It's fine, please go ahead." Inala took the opportunity to speak.

"Why are the both of you bald? Is it a fashion statement?" Hayaya shot a string of words, "But I notice that you both don't even have hair on your eyelids. Doesn't dust get into your eyes in such a case?"

"It's because of a Pranic Beast attack." Letting out a sigh, Wittral began to recount their fabricated tale. Inala urged him to tell in an effort to prepare him for the lie. Say it enough times and it'll sound natural. So, the responsibility fell on Wittral to speak about their past.

"That's one scary Praic Beast." Hayaya said with a trembling voice, "I don't think I'll be alive if I were to come across it."

"We're glad to have survived." Wittral smiled gently, "Being bald isn't an issue. I'm sure we'll be able to find the medicine that can cure us."

"I'm sure you'll be able to find one." Hayaya nodded as her eyes shot to the side and slapped the back of Lannla's hand when the latter extended it to the food, "Manners, child."

"I'm hungry, mother." The seven-year-old girl, Lannla patted her stomach with a pitiful expression, "You'll talk nonstop for hours once you start. I can't go hungry for so long. My friends already tease me for being too thin."

"You talk too much, brat." Hayaya felt a headache.

"It's genetic." Lannla huffed and helped herself to the food, "Food doesn't taste good when cold."

"Well, she has a point." Wittral laughed at the banter as he stared at the girl, 'Such a cute child she is. Would it be this refreshing to have a child of my own?'

'What's this?' Inala suddenly felt goosebumps for some reason, frowning as he stared out but was unable to determine the reason. He took in a breather and ignored it, 'Maybe I'm just too stressed.'

'Let's focus on the food.' Thinking as such, he distracted himself with the sights and peacefully ate the food. It was good to empty his mind once in a while. It was refreshing.

"She's not much of a speaker, huh?" Hayaya eyed Inala and commented while staring at Wittral.

"Well, she usually needs some time to warm up to someone," Wittral said and continued the conversation, since it was refreshing to talk to someone who didn't mind his state of being.

Rather, through experience, he felt that Hayaya was simply maintaining a conversation to pass the time. Therefore, the topic of discussion remained light and the mood was fun. As he didn't like to reveal any secrets, especially since he had a lot to hide, it was stressful to calculate every word being uttered. But since they simply bantered in subjects of no value, it was relaxing.

He didn't have to think much for a reply.

As the conversation continued, the atmosphere was jovial. Wittral became more and more open along the journey, feeling like he had finally found someone who could be his casual friend.

Inala joined the conversation from time to time but mostly remained a listener. His eyes were closed as he eventually fell asleep, sleeping without a concern in the world. Usually, he remained alert before strangers, but that wasn't needed here.

"My shop specialises in selling clothes for women." Hayaya said and took out her business card and presented it to Wittral, "It's a new venture, but we're confident in our quality."

She winked and gave a knowing smile in Inala's direction, "You could gift her a beautiful set of dress. I'm sure she'll appreciate your gesture."

"Oh, she will?" Wittral's eyes lit up in response as his face became serious once he judged that Inala was asleep, "Go ahead, I'm all ears."

"Listen, you shouldn't stop at a set of clothes. It'll be better to pair it with a pair of designer sandals that match the outfit. Skater sandals are the trend these days. Pair it with a long gown, and she'll look gorgeous." Hayaya said and pulled out a scroll from her handbag and revealed it to display a variety of pictures of clothes and sandals, "We have the latest trends with us."

"Oh! Ohhh!" Wittral exclaimed in surprise as he saw the various designs and imagined Amita in them, getting excited in response as he thought, 'Do I have enough money to buy them all?'

A moment later, he made the decision, 'I'll just earn it if I need more.'

Observing the entire fiasco from the side was Lannla, controlling her urge to roll her eyes as she stared at Hayaya, 'Her acting is better than Dad.'

The mother and daughter pair were none other than Asaeya and Gannala, having coincidentally purchased accompanying tickets to Fentan City, their current appearances vastly different from their original selves. Using the same technique Inala used to change his skin to look like the Boar King at the Dralh Sea, Asaeya and Gannala formed new identities in the Brimgan Empire.



Chapter 385 A Trap of Elaborate Lies

There was a gentle drizzle amid the misty region. Piercing it gently along its path was the railway, its coaches long and ornated. Seated in one of the balconies were Wittral and group, engaged in a hearty discussion.

Hayaya was Asaeya's disguise while Lannla was Gannala's disguise. They didn't go overboard with the appearance change and simply maintained enough differences in facial features that the Boar King wouldn't recognise them.

The last time he saw them was when Harrala sent the giant Prana Bomb—containing Inala, Gannala, and Asaeya—flying. At that time, Asaeya was twelve years old while Gannala was merely a newborn.

The Boar King wasn't someone good at remembering people, since none were important enough for him to make an effort in committing to memory. Therefore, there was a good chance he wouldn't be able to recognise Asaeya, since his focus remained on Gannala all along, for vengeful reasons.

Inala had confirmed that the Boar King wasn't someone who bothered to remember the names and faces of people at the Dralh Sea. But that didn't mean he forgot everyone. No, as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he had a terrifying mental capacity.

Therefore, if he actually bothered to recall something, it was just a matter of time. Even though Asaeya was a child back then and had grown into a woman now, there was still a mild possibility that she could be recognised.

Moreover, what if the reincarnates were to publicise the appearance of all three for some scheme? That would mess up everything. Hence, the duo wore a mild disguise. Just that was enough, since if the Boar King was serious enough about his search, he might come across a couple of women who looked similar to Asaeya in the Brimgan Empire, not to mention other regions where humans lived.

And since she emanated the presence of a Free Human instead of a Mammoth Clansman, the Boar King wouldn't even bother looking at her even if they were to brush past each other.

Inala couldn't disguise himself, for there was a possibility the Boar King would come to meet him. He would be revealing too much in such a case. Hence, he remained as himself.

Honestly speaking, the optimal situation would be one where Wittral remained in his female form. But the latter seemed unwilling to assume that form.

The risk would stem from the fact that Wittral was extremely famous in Sumatra Chronicles, despite making an appearance for a short duration, almost akin to a cameo. After all, he was the sole individual who went toe-to-toe against Resha and resulted in a draw.

Hence, even until the book's end, many readers made predictions on 'what if' scenarios where Wittral too was present in the scene.

Therefore, all the reincarnates would recognise him easily. Wittral was supposed to be at the Dralh Sea at this point in time. The fact that he arrived at the Brimgan Empire could only be a result of the butterfly effect of the choices taken by the reincarnates.

And ruling out reincarnates based on proximity to the Dralh Sea, the cause would obviously point towards Inala. After all, Orakha encountered him at the entrance to the Guna Caves, which bordered the Dralh Sea.

Long story short, they'll become suspicious of the woman accompanying Wittral, not to mention the fact that Wittral emanated the presence of a Free Human.

Even if Inala somehow manages to extract the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis and gives it to Wittral and makes him use only that, it still wouldn't solve the situation. After all, Wittral had used that against Resha in Sumatra Chronicles.

He was tremendously powerful while doing that. So, that too wasn't an option. Unfortunately for Inala, Wittral didn't seem willing to follow the most realistic choice, which was to transform into a woman.

Besides, there was also the issue with the Boar King. If suddenly, when he visits Inala and sees Wittral now looking like a woman, he would question the cause. If he were to realise the effects of Royalty and asks Inala to take on his male form, the cat would be out of the bag.

There were issues with either choice, which was the conundrum Inala was currently breaking his head about, 'I should just focus on strengthening our backstory as refugees from the Rumtara Kingdom.'

He eyed Wittral to the side, observing his changes, 'He's more talkative now and is honestly getting good at putting on an act. His character is already very different from that of his shown in Sumatra Chronicles. It would be hard to make a correlation quickly.'

'As long as I scout our surroundings in advance and ensure the reincarnates don't spot him for the time being, all will be fine.' Inala decided as his eyes shot open, his thoughts streamlined now, 'As long as he adapts to life in this society, it's just a matter of time before he starts considering hair to be a beauty standard. He'll begin growing hair soon after. That would solve most issues for the time being.'

'I'll leave that to you, Asaeya.' He stared at the woman talking energetically to Wittral. They hadn't communicated in the least, but having schemed together for so long, they could guess what was on each other's mind to an accurate extent.

It wasn't just that. But in the name of showing dresses for Amita, Hayaya was making Wittral interested in female accessories so that one day, he might want to try them on himself. The advantageous thing about Royalty was that changing genders wasn't a transformation in that sense that even if Wittral becomes a female, his mind remained that of a male.

No, both genders were considered one's natural state of being. As a male, Wittral thought and acted like a male. His emotional gears too churned accordingly. And when he becomes a female, his mind and body naturally become that of a female. There was a perspective shift that came as natural as breathing.

Therefore, Wittral only needed to transform once, whether it be out of interest or peer pressure. Inala and Asaeya would immediately rope him through a bunch of situations where he would be forced to remain a woman for a long enough duration until the influence of Royalty makes it feel natural for him.

'His name too is an issue, but there's nothing I can do about it. Worst comes to worst, I'll figure out another lie regarding that.' Inala thought and silently contemplated a bunch of things. His thoughts complex, he began considering multiple 'what if' scenarios.

His schemes were good and detailed, yes, but they had failed repeatedly. The only reason he made them effective was by actively considering all possibilities and making adjustments as and when necessary, or if worse, actively scraping existing plans to come up with new ones.

'It's not the strongest that survives but the fittest.' Inala chanted Sumatra's motto and became alert, watching the railway arrive at Fentan City's railway station. 'Now, how many reincarnates managed to arrive here before me?'

"It was a pleasant journey, Hayaya." Inala smiled and shook hands with the latter. He then patted Lannla on the head, "I'll treat you to some tasty drinks once I set up shop, alright?"

"I look forward to it, Aunty!" Lannla exclaimed in excitement and jumped around giddily.

"Pfft!" Wittral broke into laughter at the addressal upon seeing Inala's face freeze at being called an aunty. Somehow, that was a critical hit to Inala's mental state.

"Call me big sister!" Inala pinched Lannla's cheeks, "B.I.G! S.I.S.T.E.R!"

"Aunty!" Pouting in response, Lannla broke free from his hold and rushed out of the compartment.

"That child still lacks manners." Hayaya smiled apologetically at Inala and Wittral, performed a formal bow, and excused herself, "Please visit my shop when you have the time. I'll give you a discount."

"Sure," Wittral smiled and waved his hand, commenting once the duo was out of sight, "They are a cheerful bunch."



Chapter 386 Extreme Scouting Capabilities

A bunch of passengers alighted at the Fentan City railway station. One of them was the duo of Inala and Wittral.

The moment his feet touched the platform, Inala's eyes scanned through the crowd, using the entirety of his artistic sense to pay attention to detail, observing the people, their attire, body language, and their actions, 'None are paying attention to us. Good, it seems there aren't any people here related to the reincarnates for the time being.'

"Let's go." He spoke to Wittral in a hushed voice and left the railway station. The duo eventually arrived at a hotel situated the farthest from Arlfarah Mansion in the city.

If any reincarnate had arrived at the city already, they would have established lookouts around Arlfarah Mansion. So, heading there now would be no different from revealing themselves. Depending on the foundation of the reincarnates there, they might have employed people to keep tabs on anyone who came into the vicinity of the mansion, irrespective of their identity.

Inala didn't wish to have a tail on him this early in the game. 'It's a thirteen-year marathon. I can't get exhausted so soon.'

"Wouldn't it be cheaper to rent a single room?" Wittral asked upon seeing Inala fork out a decent sum of money to book two rooms for a week.

"It becomes harder to train in that case," Inala spoke curtly and finished the payment. The duo headed to their respective rooms to retire for the day.

To mingle with the affairs of Fentan City, Inala planned to open a tea house with Wittral. He was good at brewing a variety of drinks, not just tea. So, he could take care of the brunt of work without issues, thanks to Subtle Terrain Domination which allowed him to manufacture a large batch of drinks in a single sitting and maintain perfect quality.

Inala would focus on ambience and serving the customers, using that to mingle around with people of the place and gather information. Besides, this was the easiest choice to keep Wittral mostly hidden from the public eye.

The biggest advantage of this option was the fact that both Wittral and Inala's female forms used Mystic Mist Art. Meaning, they worked with fluids. He could influence all his customers to behave as he wanted, little by little, for more than a decade.

When the time comes, as the Brimgan Empire marches into the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Attribute, many would avoid harming him.

The drinks he serves would influence the customers, making them less inclined to harm Inala in a battle situation. And similarly, if faced with Mammoth Clansman, they'll focus more on the reincarnates than the Mammoth Clansmen.

The Mammoth Clansmen and Brimgan Empire cultivators would war against each other, as once the Major Treasure of Attribute reveals itself, a lot of precious resources would appear, including some Minor Treasures.

The reason the Empyrean Tusk herd took such a loss and contested for the Major Treasure of Attribute was due to the sheer value of treasures present in the place. It was worth dying for.

From precious Elixirs that had soaked and refined Prana for centuries to millennia, to minerals that had developed to partially display a semblance of sentience, etc. Items unlike anything witnessed by both Mammoth Clansmen and Brimgan Empire Free Humans would make an appearance, spiking greed to unimaginable levels.

Hence, war was inevitable. Inala only hoped that when the Free Humans faced the Mammoth Clansmen, they would target the reincarnates more and hold them back long enough for Inala to get his hands on the Major Treasure of Attribute.

The tea house was the key to that plan.

Morning, the next day, Inala brought in a bunch of materials that he had purchased from the nearby market and dumped them in Wittral's room, "Here."

"You want me to start already?" Wittral was surprised. "Can't I relax for a couple more days?"

"I hoped to have a house of our own adjacent to the tea shop." Inala spoke with a sullen tone, "So, I want to hurry up and establish ourselves in this city. It seems I'm the only one excited for…"

"I was just kidding," Wittral flashed a smile in a hurry as he grabbed the items in a fluster, "I wanted to make some drinks already. Ah, man! I love brewing stuff!"

"I'll inquire about details regarding potential shop locations and their rental value." Inala said and exited the room, heaving a sigh in relief once he left the hotel, 'It's getting harder to fool him.'

Wittral wasn't a fool. He had a pretty great head above his shoulders. He was merely inexperienced, which was why Inala could control him until now. But the longer he stayed with Inala, the more he learnt about a variety of subjects.

The exposure caused him to grow at a terrifying pace. He wasn't a perfectly born Empyrean Snapper for nothing. By now, no matter how much Inala put on an act, Wittral had a decent idea regarding his character.

He had his own thoughts and goals, one of which was to start a family with Amita. He had already begun to move in that direction, subtly making arrangements in that regard. It was why Inala refrained from staying with him in the same room.

He wasn't a cold-blooded monster. And his female form was more emphatic than his male form. If he continued to stay with Wittral, it was just a matter of time before he started valuing the latter as someone important to him.

Whether Wittral was important as a friend, ally, or collaborator didn't matter. As long as Inala began valuing him, it presented Wittral with more than enough opportunity to forge a relationship.

That was why Inala reverted to his male form every night and actively negated the emotional influence in his mind that had been generated by his female form. This way, he could continue thinking of Wittral as a mere tool towards his goal and not someone important like Gannala or Asaeya.

Both his genders were his natural state. Therefore, if Inala allowed both to develop freely, his mind would collapse and result in a split personality disorder. He'll be screwed when that happens.

'It wouldn't matter once I get the Attribute. I need to keep both genders in check until then.' He thought and sighed in response. Once the Bolt of Transcendence hits him, he will take advantage of it to refine all his powers into a form influenced by him, ensuring all negative effects and influences are destroyed.

By then, he wouldn't face any serious issues with both genders acting as they pleased. But until that point, he would have to exercise utmost caution.

Walking along the street, Inala wore a kite-shaped hat to cover his bald head and proceeded slowly, in silence, having a lot to think about. He strolled across the streets of Fentan City and observed the shops there, calculating to see which would present him with the highest rate of success. 'It needs to be close enough to Arlfarah Mansion with significant traffic of wealthy customers with high cultivation.'

The greater the number of Body Stage Free Humans acting as traffic for his tea house, the higher his rate of success. Hence, he needed to determine the most optimal location…

He stopped suddenly, growing hair that covered his head and sprouted bangs that shielded half his eyes, masking most of his feminine face. Though he was far away, he was cautious. No, cautious was an understatement.

From a distance of four kilometres, too far away for the target to detect him, Inala gazed, taking advantage of his exceptional eyesight that was similar to a bird's. He stared at the seated figure of Orakha talking to a woman in a restaurant.

His mind turned strangely calm as his lips quivered, forming a faint smile as he muttered, letting out a cute chuckle, "Found one."



Chapter 387 Bro

Four kilometres was just too far for Orakha to detect his existence, even if he weren't in disguise and hiding his presence to the utmost level. Inala was simply being cautious, since Orakha had more time to develop in the Brimgan Empire.

After they met at the entrance to Guna Caves, Orakha made a beeline to the Brimgan Empire. In contrast, Inala went to the Dralh Sea and spent a lot of time there for his plans.

Therefore, it wouldn't be surprising if Orakha had a large team working for him already.

Inala had Orakha's memories, through which he knew that the latter was talented in the way of commerce. The Brimgan Empire was the perfect place for his strengths to shine. So, even a few months of lead would be enough for Orakha to make significant preparations.

It was why Inala exercised ample caution. From a distance of four kilometres away, he observed the figures of Orakha and the woman he was conversing with, focusing on their lips. As he focused, he was able to see their facial features better, making a guess based on their lip movements.

Since he had all of Orakha's memories, he could make out what the latter was saying by referencing it. As a result, he could make a solid prediction of what the woman said based on the sentences.

The restaurant was a two-storey building, with its top floor resembling an open dining area for the people to socialise while basking in the ambience of the place. It was situated in the same street as Arlfarah Mansion, one where the wealthy in the city stayed.

Hence, the fact that Orakha dined here meant he had enough financial muscle already. Moreover, from his seated spot, he had a clear view of the street and Arlfarah Mansion.

"I will send you the list of materials necessary for this week." The woman opposite to him spoke, her tone calm, her speech eloquent, and her mannerisms refined. Her eyes oozed intelligence as she observed Orakha's face and continued, "I plan to set up another branch in a month."

"Isn't that too soon, Maroppa?" Orakha expressed mild concern, "You faced a loss last week because of your rival's scheme. Wouldn't it be better to wait until you recover some funds to make the expansion?"

"They'll be ready if I were to delay it for too long." The graceful lady was the Mudropper in human form, Maroppa. She and Orakha arrived at the Brimgan Empire as refugees around the same time.

And since the both of them entered the field of commerce, they naturally became acquainted with each other and decided to collaborate as their strengths complimented each other.

Maroppa was in the business of creating Spirit Weapons out of a variety of materials, each designed with unique functions. A cultivator only needs to purchase a Spirit Weapon made out of the same mineral as his Human Avatar, seep his Prana into it, and refine it into his Spirit Weapon.

This was common in the Brimgan Empire, as Spirit Weapons progressively got more complex, creating an industry for it. With her powers, she was able to seamlessly integrate various minerals into top-notch Spirit Weapons with exceptional quality. Hence, she stuck out as a sore thumb for her competitors, especially since she came as a refugee and rapidly made a name for herself in a bit over a year.

Both Maroppa's and Orakha's companies functioned similarly. In Maroppa's company, she was the sole refiner of Spirit Weapons, keeping her abilities a secret. The rest of her staff were simply involved in logistics, sales and services.

Orakha's business was in raw material supply. There were three ways in which one could gather minerals in the Brimgan Empire. First was to own a Misty Bamboo farm, harvest them and extract the minerals from them in large refineries.

Second was to collect water from the Northern Lakes and refine them. This was more expensive, since the mineral concentration was lower as compared to that in the Misty Bamboo. Secondly, the concentration was less pure, leading to longer, more complex and expensive refining procedures.

Finally, the last option was to head out of the Brimgan Empire and raid the Pranic Beast territories. This was only done for minerals that were too rare or weren't available in the Brimgan Empire. This part was done by the large companies conducting raids every few months.

Each such company was owned by a Royal and had an expansive network of finance, manpower, and tech to undertake such an operation. Even the Misty Bamboo farms were owned by the wealthy for generations, with those families related to central powers established in the Capital.

After all, a Misty Bamboo farm was an endless money generator that required minimal effort. Therefore, it would obviously be hoarded by those in power, leaving Orakha with the final option, which was to look for resources in the Northern Lakes.

Thankfully, with his skill set, this was easy. Using his Tertiary Nature of Mystic Eater, Orakha gathered large amounts of resources and segregated them naturally through his Primary Nature of Human Avatar.

Following that, he simply ejected the respective minerals that he didn't wish to keep in his Human Avatar. Thereby, he was able to gather minerals at a hundred percent purity, the best of the best in the market while consuming the minimum most effort.

With the pure minerals he supplied, Maroppa was able to create high-quality Spirit Weapons and managed to grasp a share of the Spirit Weapon market. As a result, she made a lot of enemies that targeted her business and even dispatched goons to hinder Orakha's resource collection.

His company basically existed as labour to carry the minerals he had gathered. They were in charge of transporting them from the Northern Lakes to Fentan City.

"My options are limited." Maroppa explained herself, "They would never expect me to make such a bold purchase in such a situation. This is the only way to outmanoeuvre their pace."

"Send me a list of the companies that are hindering your work." Orakha said as his eyes gleamed coldly, "I'll have a word with them."

"Don't use force. We don't have any backing to survive in such a situation." Maroppa warned him, "The courts will rule in favour of our rivals."

"I know what I'm doing." Orakha smirked, "As companies manufacturing Spirit Weapons that form the livelihood of cultivators, trust is important. Once that's shattered, it'll take forever to make a recovery."

"You mean…?" Maroppa's eyes widened as she asked, "Is your ability effective even on Spirit Weapons?"

"Obviously," Orakha only smiled in response and didn't explain himself. He then got up, shook hands with her, and made his exit, "I'll be careful, so stop showing me that face of worry."

"Wait for the good news. I'll be done in a day."

"Okay…" Maroppa sighed and sipped a cold drink, lost in thoughts as she tallied her financial accounts, thinking of ways to outwit her shrewd enemies. She usually spent most of her time in this restaurant, for the ambience was calming to her nerves, as this place wasn't recorded in her memories.

So, she wasn't assaulted by the voices of her ancestors while remaining here. Time passed in such a fashion as a couple of hours later, Maroppa noticed that at some point in time, a needle appeared on her table, awfully familiar in appearance.

A faint presence emanated from it, stemming from her power, causing her to recognise it instantly, 'This is the Inhibition Needle I refined!'

Her eyes widened as for a moment, she shuddered. Goosebumps formed on her skin as she turned her head to the side and noticed a woman seated a short distance away on another table, casually munching on an expensive platter of food.

In response to Maroppa's gaze, the woman raised her drink to offer a toast. "It has been a while."

"Bro."



Chapter 388 Do You Want a Secondary Nature?

'How the heck did he find me in my human form? Wait, why is he a she…? No, I observed his female form in Sanrey Plains. No, that's not the point!' Maroppa's brain short-circuited for a few seconds upon seeing Inala toast a drink to her.

"It has been a while, bro."

"It…has been indeed." Maroppa hesitated before speaking with an awkward tone, "How…did you recognise me?"

"I know you very well." Inala smiled and shifted seats to Maroppa's table. That wasn't a lie, since he had the Mudropper data.

He only had Orakha's memories which were accessed by Gannala. But in Maroppa's case, he had her child's data. And that data contained all the inheritance passed down by the Mudroppers generation after generation.

Whether human or Pranic Beast, Maroppa's behaviour patterns remained the same. When Inala observed Orakha and intended to use him to figure out what the woman with him was saying, he was surprised to see that he was able to understand what the woman mouthed better.

Some thought later, he figured out that it was Maroppa. Hence, he decided to see her immediately, since he had plenty to say to her.

"Is that so?" Maroppa quickly controlled herself as she recalled the time when she gave her egg to Inala, 'It seems he knows more about me than what I assumed until now. Dammit! He's become more psychotic than before. I can clearly feel it! Why the heck did I want to meet him before?'

Maroppa almost had a nervous break. Even though Inala did nothing, and didn't even unleash his presence, the fact that he was an entity currently being influenced by five natures showed through his gaze.

Only the Boar King had such a gaze. Hence, Maroppa felt the jitter, wishing to run away from the place immediately in response, 'The last time we cooperated, he asked for my child. What the heck will he ask this time?'

"Aren't we the best of buddies?" Inala let out a cheerful laugh and twirled his female form's long hair, "I just want to catch up with you and tell you about some things that you need to urgently know."

"Did…you use them?" Maroppa had a bad feeling as she asked, "The Sandy-Grey Bombs. Did you use them?"

Seeing Inala's gentle smile, her expression collapsed as she asked with trembling lips, "H-How many did you use?"

"Eight," Inala said casually, watching Maroppa behave as if she was experiencing a heart attack, "You should relax, bro. The effects wore off in a day, just as you intended."

"No, by then, an entire region would have been destroyed." Maroppa trembled in fear, for the last time her race did that, the Mammoth Ancestor and Mystic Empyrean Tentacle pursued them relentlessly to cause mass slaughter.

'No, calm down. Both of them aren't on Sumatra anymore.' Maroppa felt like Inala's presence alone threw her off sync, unable to focus in the slightest.

"The destruction was only on the level of a large island." Inala then began to speak about the fake tale he had weaved about Loot's existence, "So, at present, you have been captured and devoured by Loot. I helped the Boar King not chase after you anymore."

"What is your proof regarding it?" Maroppa tried her best to calm down as she asked, inhaling and exhaling with force to regain her composure, "This might very well be a lie you made up."

"He's currently in this city." Inala said, watching her expression collapse in absolute fear, "If you want, we can visit him."

He then pointed at the Inhibition Needle placed on the table before Maroppa, "Don't you think you should have thought about it?"

'Right! If the Inhibition Needle is here, then how is Inala displaying the presence of a Free Human?' Maroppa stared at Inala, 'I was so caught up that I forgot to think about this.'

"It's thanks to this," Inala extended his hand and displayed the ring on his finger, "The Boar King gave it to me."

"Do you not need this anymore?" Maroppa asked and inched her hand towards the Inhibition Needle, intending to pocket it, since it was very valuable. But right as she was about to grab it, the Inhibition Needle flew towards Inala who casually poked it in his forehead and watched it automatically merge into his skull without even having to use Mystic Bone Art.

It had soaked up enough of Inala's Prana to do something so simple on its own.

"I will behave in such a way your lie won't be exposed. Happy?" Maroppa sighed upon seeing the proof and resigned herself to such a troublesome fate.

"I also need a few more Sandy-Grey Bombs…" Inala asked when suddenly, Maroppa's face turned serious.

"No, over my dead body." Maroppa shook her head, "I won't be making any more of them, no matter what you say."

"Okay, that's fine." Inala casually let go of the matter and instead changed the topic, "I need your Prana and Lifeforce, as much as possible. I'll be repaying you twice the amount of Prana and Lifeforce, so you don't have to worry about anything."

"Why do you want something like that?" Maroppa felt her legs tremble this time, 'What the fuck is this insane bastard planning now? He ripped out his organs the previous time he sported such an expression.'

"Just a bit of refinement." Inala said and patted his stomach, "Those three objects you refined are here. I'm planning to fuse them to my skeleton. Having Prana influenced by your Primary Nature will make the process easier."

"You…think I'm gullible?" Maroppa glared at Inala, "Do you think you could take advantage of me like before? I'm no longer the same individual as before…"

"You reached the Gold Grade and have the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator." Inala said without missing a beat, 'I have enough of your data to infer just based on minor fluctuations in your facial features. I'm getting more answers from your face and body language than your mouth.'

It was why Inala talked about a bunch of topics that would rile up Maroppa. Because through that, he was able to confirm his hypothesis, judging that Maroppa had evolved to reach the Gold Grade and had successfully obtained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator and not a Nature that allowed her to just take on a human form.

"Like before, I'll give you a proposal you cannot refuse." Inala let out a smile, "You…do you want a Secondary Nature?"

"What?" Maroppa was stunned to the point her throat felt strained. Words refused to come out as she stared at Inala in disbelief, "You can do something like that?"

"I know you're insanely perceptive." Inala inched forward and made eye contact, "You can feel it, right?"

"My Natures."

"Is…what I'm sensing true?" Maroppa felt the absurdity of the situation, "How is this possible? This just doesn't make sense. Three is the limit. And that rule is absolute."

"I haven't broken the rule." Inala smiled, "It's just that my two genders act as different bodies. And both bodies have three Natures respectively."

"Haah! This is bollocks!" Maroppa groaned as she fell silent for a good while, observing Inala's smiling face. She scanned the latter from top to bottom and finally asked, "But, what about the influence?"

"A small price for power." Inala said spontaneously and asked, "So, do you want it?"

"A Secondary Nature?"



Chapter 389 He Can Dance! He Can Sing! He Can Fight!

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey Assimilation!

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

The current Maroppa was strong, fearsomely so. All she had to do to fight was create a pinhole-sized region of Sandy-Grey Void under her feet. That would expand voraciously and engulf without limit as much area as she desired. There was no limit, theoretically so.

But she dared not do that. The Mammoth Ancestor, the entity that voraciously hunted her race and caused it to almost go extinct had become a Transcendent. The more she accessed the new data stemming from her race's generational inheritance, the more she became afraid, now armed with the knowledge that all Transcendents originating from Sumatra Continent were capable of observing the continent.

And if necessary, they could actually interfere. They never did this typically since nothing happening on Sumatra Continent warranted their attention and interference. But, the arrival of a Mudropper meant a threat to the entire continent.

After all, at a point in history, Mudroppers came close to destroying Sumatra. Hence, whether it was the Mammoth Ancestor, Mahira Tusk, or the latest Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, Renduldu, they kept their attention here for signs of any revival of the Mudropper race.

If Empyrean Tentacles could be called the blessed race of Sumatra, then Mudroppers were the cursed race of Sumatra.

The fear that she would be hunted by Transcendents was what kept Maroppa in check and prevented her from transforming Sumatra Continent into the Sandy-Grey Void. As a result, she couldn't unleash the true might of her Primary Nature.

If any powerful enemy were to target her, she didn't have a suitable power to retaliate without using her power of grey sand. Her Tertiary Nature merely allowed her to build multiple bodies. Hence, she was in need of a Secondary Nature but didn't have an idea or means to obtain one.

That was why Inala's proposal was impossible for her to refuse, 'Damn him!'

She was angry, knowing the fact that Inala knew her well and targeted her desperate wants. Previously, it was regarding her Ravaged Tribe. He created a suitable cultivation technique for them and allowed them to develop to the peak form possible for a Ravaged Tribe.

It was by devouring them that she was able to reach the Gold Grade. And now, what she desperately wanted was a power alternative to her Primary Nature. The only way to obtain it was through a Secondary Nature.

Inala didn't miss the chance to take advantage of her abilities using that. He knew what she wanted. And he got what he wanted through her using it. That was what made Inala so terrifying for her.

'How the heck did he manage to have so many Natures?' Maroppa felt as if her head was on the verge of bursting from overthinking as she downed a large glass full of water to free up her mind. She then stared at Inala to ask, "Is that all you want from me?"

"Basically that, and this." He pointed at the Inhibition Needle, "Fuse them into my skeleton and make it in such a way that they can influence and interact with my Spirit Container."

"You're mad!" Maroppa cursed in response, "Even someone insane will have thoughts largely conservative in comparison to you."

"Well, are you in or not?" Inala asked, calmly eyeing her.

"I'm in, you shitty bastard." Maroppa grunted, "I have cursed more times in the past few minutes than all my life. Shit!"

"Here's to a successful partnership." Inala shook hands with a grumpy Maroppa. He then started to wolf down on the food and commented, "This is better than I thought. No wonder it seems like you're a regular here."

"Yeah, I meet up with my business partner here once a week." Maroppa exhaled slowly, understanding that she couldn't escape from this situation. She was in the thick of it now. But knowing that Inala was the principal factor behind her spike in strength, she was interested.

Inala was a madman who scared her. But he was also a madman who produced results without fail. So, she could trust him in that regard. As long as she takes measures to ensure he doesn't go back on his words, everything else will turn out alright. 'I can just flee from this place once I get my Secondary Nature.'

"Orakha, right?" Inala nodded, watching Maroppa freeze in response. He stared at her in confusion, "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"I…never told you about him." Maroppa glared at him, emotionally shaken, "Were you stalking me all along?"

"I saw the both of you talk for a couple of hours. But that's not why I know about him." Inala revealed a wide smile, "He's my brother from another mother."

Technically, it wasn't a lie for three reasons. First, they used to be Death Row students, hence labelled siblings associated with death. Second, the parents of all seven were very close and had even made a trip to Earth together.

Third, and the most important reason. They had the fragment disease. Genetically, they were the closest to an Empyrean Tusk and also to each other, being possessors of Mystic Paths. Hence, it wasn't a lie to address Orakha as a brother.

"Orakha…is a Mammoth Clansman?" Maroppa felt her head spin as she tried to argue against Inala's statement, "He doesn't have an Inhibition Needle or the ring made by the Boar King. It's impossible for him to hide his identity as a Mammoth Clansman…"

"His Primary Nature does that." Inala smiled, "I won't reveal his abilities since he hasn't made the decision to tell you. But it seems you're honestly interested in each other, so I'm just telling you a little in advance."

"Whether you like it or not, he'll be fighting the Boar King in a battle to the death." Inala said in all seriousness, "That is an inevitable fate."

"Inevitable…" Maroppa muttered as her face scrunched up in response.

Seeing her expression, Inala gained the full picture, 'It seems Orakha is her type. That explains why the only Mudropper in existence is smitten with him.'

Honestly, knowing this information made Inala's mood brighter. After all, thanks to Orakha, Maroppa would support the Mammoth Clan. It would be easier to get her assistance on a variety of matters.

And in case the Mammoth Clan wished to be reunited with the other Empyrean Tusk herd that had left Sumatra Continent two millennia ago, they would be able to make the journey using her help.

Through what he observed before, it seemed Orakha too liked Maroppa, though not as smitten as her. It wasn't an issue, as their bond would deepen over time.

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Mudropper!

With such a terrifying entity on their side, the Mammoth Clan's chances of survival would increase. And since such a chance presented itself, Inala wouldn't miss it. Immediately, he grabbed Maroppa's hands and spoke in awe, "To be brutally frank with you, Orakha is a catch. I always thought that guy would remain single for life because he's dense towards women. But capture his heart, and he'll treat you as the greatest Empress in all of Sumatra."

"Is that…the truth?" Maroppa asked, interested, "How was he back at the Mammoth Clan?"

"I don't mean to brag, but he was a charmer." Inala said in excitement, "Most of the women there had a crush on him. But he didn't know because he's dense as a rock. He can dance, he can sing, he can fight. And most of all,"

"He's a great cook," Inala said, having segregated some data of Lurt and a few others that he planned to feed Orakha later through a Bone Slip. That way, Orakha would truly appear to Maroppa's eyes as a man among men.

Inala planned to hype up Orakha in her mind. He would then do the same to Orakha to ensure this ship sets sail. After all, this ship could very well carry the Mammoth Clan out of destruction.



Chapter 390 A Ship

Originally, Inala had made a few plans upon spotting Orakha to ensure the latter gets caught up in a mess of Brimgan Empire politics and loses the race towards the Major Treasure of Attribute.

But upon noticing the interest between Maroppa and Orakha, he changed his plans. At present, Orakha was losing out on a lot, not knowing that the woman interested in him was the Mudropper of legend.

What if he were to fall for some random Free Human woman? That would be the height of stupidity, since that would mean making an enemy out of the Mudropper. Orakha was capable of being so stupid in terms of personal relations.

Inala came to experience the true fearsomeness of the Sandy-Grey Void back at the Dralh Sea. Therefore, he knew the Mudropper's value.

Inala wasn't a romantic individual. Therefore, making allies through a romantic relationship was something that he never thought about. Once he begins valuing someone, he prioritises them above everything, oftentimes pushing away his carefully laid schemes just in their favour.

The greater the number of people he valued, the more he would be distracted in his plans, often incorporating elements that jeopardised the scheme just to get some benefit for the people he valued. That was his character.

No matter how much he could plan and scheme, he wasn't a robot to follow through them all while ignoring the emotional aspect.

At present, he already had Asaeya as a target of interest. He was a simple guy in that regard. The older Asaeya became and the greater the level of interest she showed towards Inala, the more he began to consider a relationship with her.

She already had an important place in his heart. And it was just a matter of time before Inala became serious with her. In that regard, Wittral's existence only gave him stress. The latter was incredibly important in raising his success towards getting the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Inala didn't want anything to do with him beyond that, whether Wittral was in his male or female form. Considering how interest from a second person—Wittral—was already stressing him to such an extent, proceeding through a romantic route with even more people would end up wrecking him further.

Hence, the current situation was perfect in regards to Maroppa showing interest in Orakha. And since the latter too had a certain degree of interest in Maroppa, things could happen between them. And Inala wanted to seal that deal.

For the next three hours, Inala talked a lot about Orakha.

"But, will he accept me?" Maroppa expressed her fears in the end, "I'm neither a Mammoth Clansman nor a Free Human. Won't he despise me for the fact that I'm a Pranic Beast?"

"Why do you think it's an issue?" Inala broke into laughter, "I'm pretty sure you're able to have kids with him, considering your race's characteristics of assimilation."

Maroppa had all the genetic information necessary to create progeny on her own without the need for copulation. All Mudroppers before her had the same characteristics. Moreover, using her abilities, when they copulate, Maroppa had the skill necessary to assimilate Orakha's genetics in her child, so that the progeny would truly be the child between Orakha and Maroppa.

"But, the child will be a Mudropper, not a Mammoth Clansman." Maroppa got to the point that she was nervous about, "I know for a fact that the Mammoth Clan would dislike that. They will do everything in their power to get rid of me…"

"That won't happen." Inala's eyes shone coldly, "If you come to live with the Mammoth Clan, you'll be living on Gannala, my daughter."

Basically, Inala would be able to exercise his will on their settlement to ensure Maroppa isn't harmed. Gannala was capable of freely switching forms between human and Empyrean Tusk. So, unlike other Empyrean Tusks, she could take on human form and communicate her mind.

Based on their character, a word from her, and Boar Tusk would treat it as absolute. A madman he might be, but his priority was always towards his Deity.

Hence, as long as Gannala gives a word, Bora Tusk will give his everything to ensure Maroppa has a comfortable time on their settlement. And he would be the one handling criticism from other Settlement Leaders.

'Besides, once she matures, she'll easily become the 1st Empyrean Tusk.' Inala smirked. That was the source of his confidence. This meant that technically, the Mammoth Clan Chief should be from their settlement.

Therefore, Raaha wouldn't make it hard for Gannala, since his successor would be selected from her settlement. 'Besides, I can't be sure how the Mystic Paths will affect things.'

Orakha's Mystic Path will be transferred to his first child. Whether that child was a Mammoth Clansman, Empyrean Tusk or Mudropper didn't matter.

It was unsure to what extent the Supreme Tusk Gannala made plans regarding cases where the child inheriting the Mystic Path isn't an Empyrean Tusk. Maybe the child would eventually become an Empyrean Tusk thanks to the influence of the Mystic Path.

Therefore, it was best to let nature run its course. But one thing was for sure. The power of the Mudropper should be on the side of the Mammoth Clan and not as an enemy. And Inala planned to ensure the former was the case.

"I'll pay you a visit once a day." Inala said and got up, intending to leave, "I'll supply you with enough Prana Bombs for your needs. That way, you can also support me better. It's a win-win."

"Alright," Maroppa nodded and grabbed his hand, asking after remembering something, "Do you know anything about the Mammoth Ancestor?"

"Hmm, I don't know." Inala thought for a while and said, "But I'll find out and inform you. One of my brothers might know something. They're all very capable bastards."

At Maroppa's words, an image popped up in his mind from Fhoong Brimgan's data. It showed a scene of Mahira Tusk's tusk present in a valley of the Brimgan Empire. 'There might be something there. I'll pay a visit later.'

If the Mammoth Ancestor left it behind for some reason, only a Mammoth Clansman would be able to find out. Until now, no one from the Mammoth Clan had been allowed into the Brimgan Empire, so the tusk lay there in the valley, serving as an attraction.

'But now, some of us have infiltrated inside.' Inala thought as he left the restaurant, 'And in the upcoming years, many more of us will be coming here. If any secrets lay in that tusk, it'll be figured out.'

Inala casually walked through the street, aware of a gaze on him. The cause was a child aged around sixteen, holding a slab of some kind in his hand, casually seated in a shop. He was recording the appearance of everyone passing by the street, posted there by Orakha.

'I didn't wish to reveal my position or appearance to him originally. But I'll take a bit of a gamble here. There's more to gain from Orakha's relationship with Maroppa. I fear this idiot will mess up the opportunity.' He sighed and flashed a pleasant smile towards the child as he took out an orange flag from his sleeve and waved it.

Drawn on it was the symbol of a circle with two chords placed parallel to one another. His smile widened upon seeing the child flustered by his actions and walked away.

Soon, he arrived at a hotel whose sign was the same symbol and entered it, booking a room. He changed his clothes after reverting to his male form and waited calmly. Twenty minutes later, the figure of Orakha entered, his expression visibly stressed upon seeing the seated figure of Inala.

"It took you a while."



