Chapter 751: Influenced Vessel!

﻿

The Celestial Boar's horn hovering in the air alighted gently under Brangara's control. Its bottom end opened to reveal the figures of Orakha and Wrunnala inside, currently mortals,

unconscious.

His entire body was sealed in a layer of Mud Ball, turning him into a sculpture. His mouth had been stuffed with a gelatinous substance, ensuring he couldn't commit suicide. Ears blocked, eyes covered, Orakha was unable to know where he was or what his current state of being was.

Unable to commit suicide, he was in a helpless state, blocked from even speaking. If only he could speak, he was confident of triggering Brangara through words, enough for the latter to kill him in a burst of anger.

The Tangible Nature of Petrified Geese was fused to his body, maintaining him in a statue of statue. In his current state without a Spirit Container, his body lacking Prana, he was extremely susceptible to its influence.

Wrunnala was in the same state.

And the reason she alone was kept captive was for a simple reason-she was the strongest progeny of the Supreme Tusk Gannala.

Obviously, the level of anger Brangara felt towards her was inferior only to Gannala. However, his motive for capturing her wasn't for the purpose of torture. The Empyrean Boar King might have done that but the Celestial Boar was capable of seeing past the veil of hatred.

Progeny!

Currently, every single Empyrean Tusk had three Natures, which made them unsuitable for his consumption. It was impossible for him to gain Internal Inertial Gravity by consuming them. Hence, he wanted a new generation of Empyrean Tusks, those with only the Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

And what best way to achieve it than through Wrunnala? Moreover, Vhalla was still alive. Brangara intended to capture her alive for the same purpose too.

Wrunnala and Vhalla will birth a new generation of Empyrean Tusks for Brangara's consumption, allowing him to accumulate a large number of the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. The thought alone excited him.

"This fucker..." Yarsha Zahara arrived at a halt before Orakha, her expression incensed upon seeing the latter's face, "If not for him, I would have been alive!"

Her current state was extremely awkward. Even though she had the Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection, its power was limited as her Human Avatar had been destroyed. She was currently at the bottommost level of the Body Stage.

And when Brangara nurtures her through the Life Stage, she would have to rebuild her Human Avatar. Otherwise, she'll be extremely weak.

Unlike a Pranic Beast that was born with a Nature, a Free Human gained one at the Body Stage. And their power was concentrated in their Human Avatar. Without that, even if through the Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator, Brangara elevates her to the 2-Life Stage, she'll implode, for her Human Avatar was incomplete.

This meant that just like when she was alive, she had to build her Human Avatar out of Sumatra Gold. Doing that as a Tangible Nature was tough, for it was an ethereal form of her original self, fragile in comparison.

There was a chance it could crumble on its own, unable to handle the pressure released by her Human Avatar. Therefore, she'd have to be even more careful than before. But worst of all, unless she figured out a proper solution, she was stuck in the Astral World, constantly requiring Brangara's care.

Her pride was left wounded, for never in her life did she feel so helpless. And the culprit for it was none other than the individual before her.

Veins popped along her arms as Yarsha Zahara wanted nothing more than to kill Orakha, controlling herself only because that would be a stupid decision. After glaring at him to her satisfaction, Yarsha Zahara nodded at Brangara, "I'm ready."

"Alright," Brangara took out the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor from his Astral World and released all the Tangible Natures stored in it.

The Tangible Natures roamed across the place and worked on harvesting the Parute Fruits. They dumped the fruits in the Celestial Boar's mouth, allowing it to generate a large volume of Prana that funnelled into all the Tangible Natures and prevented them from dissipating.

Without a steady influx of Prana once taken out of the Astral World, a Tangible Nature would gradually dissipate, even if it hadn't been activated. Even Yarsha Zahara wasn't immune to this rule, which was why she remained within Brangara's Spirit Weapon range.

Once the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor had ejected all its stored Tangible Natures, it walked towards Orakha and stopped before him.

With a thought from Brangara, the Tangible Nature of Statue-that had fused into Orakha's body-manifested beside him. Once he retracted it, he fused Gracious Inheritor into the latter's body.

"Guh!" There was a muffled grunt from Orakha who was still unconscious. Through the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor, Brangara poured his influence into Orakha, affecting his body, mind, and soul.

Gracious Inheritor was a Minor Treasure created from a Vara Human Avatar, whose entire purpose was to inherit Natures from an Empyrean Boar. In essence, it was subservient to the Empyrean Boar Race.

As a Tangible Nature, Gracious Inheritor could absorb Astral World's influence like a sponge absorbing water. And naturally, as Minor Treasures affected living beings, Orakha's body was fully being influenced according to Brangara's wishes.

"That should be enough." Yarsha Zahara said and approached Brangara, touching his forehead as she entered his body, housed within Gracious Inheritor.

If necessary, she could directly fuse with his body, but there were risks associated with that, especially at the moment Orakha regained his Human Avatar. Gracious Inheritor creates a medium for Brangara to pour his influence into Orakha and keep him in check.

This way, Gracious Inheritor becomes the battlefield. Otherwise, if Yarsha Zahara fused with Orakha, then the outlet for Brangara to pour his influence into Orakha would be through her, which would turn her into the battlefield where Brangara's influence and Orakha's resistance

clashed.

"Hmph!" Yarsha Zahara grunted as she absorbed the Prana funnelling into her from Brangara and unleashed her influence, beginning to affect Orakha through the Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor. This way, the effectiveness was significantly higher.

Moreover, on a mortal, the influence generated from a Mystic Grade existence was irresistible. In a matter of seconds, Orakha's body began to change, gradually attuning itself more and more to Yarsha Zahara's preference.

In the meantime, Brangara was busy crushing a large batch of Parute Fruits to create an elixir.

Spirit Container Birth Elixir!

He had spied upon Inala's actions at the Dralh Sea, looking into all the research documents regarding the creation of a Spirit Container in the bodies of Inala and Wittral. He had participated in the research too, aware of the means to create a Spirit Container.

Using Mystic Sumatra Art, he improved the method to create the Spirit Container Birth Elixir. Since Loot was capable of stealing Spirit Containers alone, there must be a method to make new ones, which was what prompted him to focus on this.

Many months later, Brangara entered the Celestial Boar horn and stared at the figure of Orakha that now closely resembled Yarsha Zahara. Her influence had been affecting his body all along, shaping it up according to her desires.

The eyes shot open and observed Brangara, signalling that it was time.

"Come out the moment you feel anything is amiss," Brangara said in caution and used Subtle Terrain Domination to form a tiny hole in Orakha's throat, creating an entryway into his food pipe. There was a mild spike in Prana as he held the Spirit Container Birth Elixir.

The substance within flowed out thinly, under the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination, and flowed into the food pipe through the pinhole. A couple dozen seconds later, the vial's contents had been emptied into Orakha's stomach.

As the digestion process began, a large amount of Prana mixed into the blood and gathered at the heart, gradually condensing a Spirit Container.

Immediately in response, there was a mild jerk as it was Orakha's Prana, which resisted the foreign influence. However, the Spirit Container was at the Spirit Stage, housing only a single unit of Prana. It became impossible for it to resist Yarsha Zahara's Mystic Grade influence.

"How is it?" Brangara asked nervously, his body tense, enhancing Subtle Terrain Domination to the limit. Even though Orakha couldn't use the power of his Human Avatar as he was at the Spirit Stage, the moment he got a Spirit Container, he regained his Primary and Tertiary

Natures.

The Primary Nature of Human Avatar was only useful at the Body Stage. But, the worrisome

part was something else.

Tertiary Nature-Mystic Eater!

Prompted by Orakha's Prana, a Mystic Eater condensed and targeted Gracious Inheritor spontaneously. However, it dissipated due to the sheer presence being generated by the Minor Treasure.

It had only been condensed by one unit after all. And once the Spirit Container was empty, it experienced the full brunt of Yarsha Zahara's influence through the Minor Treasure, showing signs of mutation.

"Ke...keke...kekeke!" A muffled laughter echoed as a Mystic Eater appeared, but docile to her. It coiled around the arm and cutely stared at Orakha's changed face. As Prana surged into its body, the Mystic Eater grew in size and ate through the layer of Mud Ball, freeing the body.

Yarsha Zahara got up, feeling a mild disconnect between her and the body. There was a serious lag, with the body performing actions in accordance with her thoughts a whole five seconds later.

But that would vanish over time as her influence continues to morph the body, "And...once it mutates, it'll get a Secondary Nature that makes this a perfect vessel for me."

Orakha wasn't a Free Human but a Mammoth Clansman acting as a Free Human. This meant

that by placing himself in an extreme situation, he could experience a mutation to gain a Secondary Nature.

This was something Yarsha Zahara figured out in Sumatra Chronicles. And it was through her assistance that Resha obtained his Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

Her original plan was to fuse the Tangible Nature Minore Treasure of Gracious Inheritor-

with all 3600 plus Tangible Natures stored in it-with a weakened Orakha. The sheer influence it generated would destroy his mind.

After capturing him, she intended to torture him in such a state until he had zero chance of

making a recovery. After all, even when he gets revived by Blola, his mind would have become

a cripple. But since she was killed by him, she had to resort to this change.

"How...is it?" Brangara asked, maintain a decent distance from Yarsha Zahara. After all,

though it looked like her, it was Orakha's body, and the organs too were that of a male.

"Ridiculously disgusting!" Yarsha Zahara spat out in irritation, "But beggars cannot be choosers. This is merely a vessel to contain me."

"I wanted to steal the Nature of Mystic Eater from him anyway," She said, clenching her hand

into a fist, "Now, I'll try the same."

"Even as a Tangible Nature, I'll try to gain it as my Tertiary Nature!" She proclaimed, "And

using them, I'll build a powerful Human Avatar that allows me to move about on my own, as

if I'm alive."

"Have you collected all the pieces of Sumatra Gold?" She asked next.

"Yes," Brangara pointed at the storage lantern hung on his hip, "They're all here.

Unfortunately, I couldn't save any of your Minor Treasures."

"They were all destroyed by the explosion." He sighed at the loss, especially for the four

Minor Treasures of Lunchbox and the Minor Treasure of Kinesis Feline. They were incredibly valuable, "That explosion destroyed even my body."

"You can't expect the Minor Treasures to remain unscathed from something that terrifying."

He said before thinking, 'At least, we have fully neutralised the Orange Mystic Path. Had he been given a few more decades, he would have grown even more through the Mystic Grade.'



Chapter 752: You’ll Suffer!

﻿

"Haah...this is...hopeless." Maroppa stammered as her Spirit Weapon pierced a Parute Tree that popped up a few metres away from her.

She swerved her head and stared at the concerned figure of Vhalla, one seated in a meditative pose, "What are we supposed to do now?"

"Buy time," Vhalla's eyes shot open as she muttered with a resigned tone, "What else are we supposed to do?"

They were situated on an island that spanned a radius of twenty metres. Surrounding them was the Sandy-Grey Void that Maroppa had unleashed. Ever since she realised that her Sandy- Grey Void had stopped growing, she knew that some existence had taken action.

It definitely wasn't Mahira Tusk, since if she had taken action, then she would have created a means for Vhalla to survive. And seeing the Parute Trees pop up constantly in an effort to spy on her, Maroppa was almost sure that Sumatra's Transcendent Eater was the one acting against her.

That plunged her into despair, 'This is why I didn't want to use it unless necessary!'

"Buy time for what?" She asked Vhalla, frustrated after being trapped in this region for years.

"Just buying time, nothing else." Vhalla sighed as she explained her reasoning, "Can the two of us fight the Celestial Boar? No, right?"

"So," She nodded, "As long as we stay here, there's a solid chance Brangara is lingering in the vicinity in an effort to capture us. This means that he's diverting a good portion of his attention on us that he could have focused upon preparing to fight the Mystic Paths."

"Every prolonged day counts." She said, "And that's my goal. I was prepared to die the moment I realised that I couldn't outrun him. So, my current objective is to buy as much time as possible."

She then glanced at the ten-storey storage lantern hanging at Maroppa's hip, "That's why I've been using my resources to fill it with Elixirs for your survival."

"Nothing changes when I'm killed. Other than being Brangara's nutrition, I have no value to him." Vhalla said slowly as she observed Maroppa, "But it's different for you. If Yarsha Zahara gets her hand on your power, she'll definitely use it to destroy the Mystic Paths."

"Then, run with me!" Maroppa shouted as she patted her chest, "Carry me and run at your topmost speed. I'll created a Sandy-Grey Void to protect us!"

"The Transcendents have methods to stop the growth of the Sandy-Grey Void, but that's only when it's growing passively." She grunted, "But if I'm actively using my power, everything within my Spirit Weapon range turns into the Sandy-Grey Void."

"I can create an underground channel of the same!" She bellowed, "We can flee this place without alerting Brangara."

"Indeed, we might be able to escape his senses through that method. However, that won't work against Sumatra's Transcendent Eater." Vhalla sighed as she stared into the sky. A piece of bone jutted out of her finger and shot into the Parute Tree that sprouted suddenly, as if confirming her words, "See?"

"I'm not sure what Yamahara had done to bring Sumatra's Transcendent Eater on his side, but it is what it is." She sighed and stared at Maroppa, "So, our best bet is to buy time here. And when Brangara arrives here, I want you to unleash your power at its fullest."

"Destroy everything!" Vhalla said solemnly, "And then, run away while expanding this Sandy-Grey Void. I've placed enough Elixirs in my storage lantern to last you a decade."

"Once the Third Major Disaster starts, you'll get the opportunity to run away."

"How?" Maroppa expressed her confusion, "What's the guarantee that Brangara will stop targeting me once the Third Major Disaster starts."

"Because when it starts, he'll be at the Armoury." Vhalla said, smiling in response, 'Since he's aware of Sumatra Chronicles, he's under its influence. Whether he likes it or not, he'll be subconsciously influenced to head to the centre of every Major Disaster. He can resist it as he's at the Mystic Grade, but unless he's aware about it, he won't be able to resist it.'

'And he's not aware. That, I am confident.' Vhalla clenched her hand into a fist. Days continued to pass in such a fashion as Vhalla helped Maroppa in terms of food.

The vast resources in her biomes came in handy. Whenever necessary, she brought out food for Maroppa, not to mention constantly making her Mammoth Clansmen refine as much Elixir

as possible.

The storage lantern in Maroppa's possession wasn't one created through her Secondary Nature, for that could only be used by the respective Empyrean Tusk. It won't activate when anyone else's Prana was seeped in.

Hence, Vhalla had to resort to the traditional storage lanterns, those with a cubic metre in volume per floor, which were made using her tusks. Steadily over the years, she increased the number of 10-Storey Storage Lanterns in Maroppa's possession.

This way, Maroppa could flee within the Sandy-Grey Void that she had created. By using the Elixirs, she could sustain herself for as long as possible. The goal was to buy time until the Third Major Disaster started, following which she could run away successfully.

Time passed in such a manner. And now, it had been 32 years since the end of the Second Major Disaster. A few days later, Maroppa and Vhalla continued to huddle in their location when the Mystic Eater left in Maroppa's possession hissed.

It turned in the direction of the Sandy-Grey Void and remained on standby, mildly confused before displaying calmness. Seeing its reaction, hope budded within Maroppa's heart as she stared in the respective direction nervously.

A few minutes later, a beaten, battered figure of Orakha walked inside, his eyes darting to Maroppa warily before expressing relief, "Thank goodness."

He collapsed to the ground, letting out laboured pants as his Human Avatar sported cracks, on the verge of collapse. He deactivated his Human Avatar form and slowly raised his hand and flashed a thumbs up towards Orakha, "I...killed Yarsha Zahara."

"I thought you were dead!" Tears streamed out of her eyes as Maroppa recognised that the individual before her was indeed Orakha. All her Prana detection methods stated the same. And even the Mystic Eaters reacted as they would towards the real deal.

She rushed into his embrace and sobbed, "It has been...years! I lost hope multiple times."

"Silly," Orakha chuckled weakly, "Even if I am killed, Blola will revive me."

His fingers gently swept Maroppa's bangs to the side, "I am glad that you are safe."

"What's the situation out there, Orakha?" Vhalla approached him and asked in seriousness. "How many of my brethren are...alive?"

"No hope," Orakha sighed and shook his head, "Everyone was devoured within two days. Brangara spent the next month licking the place clean."

"He's still digesting their corpses and blazing through the Life Stage." Orakha expressed, despairing towards the end as he stated, "He's at the 3-Life Stage now. And I'm sure he has a body at the Varahan Empire. Altogether, he has four bodies."

"Where is he?" Vhalla asked, calm, as she had already accepted her death.

"Right outside," Orakha sighed and pointed towards the Sandy-Grey Void, "...crying."

"Crying?" Maroppa tilted her head as her eyes widened in realisation, "You mean...Yarsha Zahara is...dead, dead?"

"Only the Mystic Paths can die multiple times, thanks to Blola." Orakha exhaled softly as he stared at Vhalla, "I changed my human avatar to explode with a timer. She absorbed it and blew up in response."

He explained it in simple terms, but as Vhalla analysed his words, she understood why it worked, 'Yarsha Zahara is always proud. And she would have never expected her power to work against her, considering how much of a broken ability it is.'

"What's the plan now?" Vhalla asked, blinking in confusion to see Maroppa collapsing to the ground gently. Peaking out of her back was a Mystic Eater, carrying her Spirit Container in its

mouth.

Vhalla stared in a daze before realisation struck her, alarming her to the extreme as she bellowed in anger, "You...bastard!"

"You're not Orakha!" She was unable to speak anymore, noticing that her body had turned

still.

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure-Statue!

Tangible Natures-Petrified Geese x39!

It had all happened too fast. Orakha had arrived and conversed with such natural rhythm that Vhalla paid more heed to his words and their authenticity than his own.

She couldn't be blamed, for she could feel the presence of a Mammoth Clansman from him.

Moreover, when Orakha deactivated his Human Avatar, he was using Mystic Bone Art, the unique signature of which she picked up.

If Brangara or someone that wasn't a Mammoth Clansman uses Mystic Bone Art, an Empyrean

Tusk could pick up the difference, which was significantly more pronounced for Vhalla, considering her strength.

As her first body was unable to move, her second body appeared beside it and assumed Empyrean Tusk form, spontaneously activating her Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity, intending to use the expansion of her size to push the enemy into the Sandy-Grey Void.

"He...hehe!" The Celestial Boar appeared and grabbed the stunned body of Vhalla alongside Maroppa, protecting the duo through Subtle Terrain Domination as Vhalla's expansion in size sent it flying away.

A few seconds later, the Celestial Boar rushed out of the Sandy-Grey Void, assumed human form, and landed on the mountain range. He stared at the three figures before him.

"You..." Maroppa stared at the figure of Orakha who was strikingly similar to her lover from

presence, manner of speech, and even the subtle change in facial expression. However, he was acting against her for some reason.

She stared as the Mystic Eater spat her Spirit Container into the vial that Orakha had taken out

for storage, shouting, "Who are you?"

"And what have you done to Orakha?"

"My dear, you're one unfortunate woman." Orakha chuckled as a group of Mystic Eaters

coiled around Maroppa and restrained her, with one of them heading into her mouth to prevent her from biting her tongue to commit suicide.

"Your lover is now your enemy." Orakha let out a casual smile, one different from usual.

Upon staring at it, Maroppa's expression hardened in realisation as she chuckled, 'You're desperate, Yarsha! So you died to Orakha and now you're nothing but a mere Tangible Nature.'

As her mouth was gagged, she couldn't speak, but her expression was enough for Yarsha Zahara to realise what she intended to express.

"Is it funny?" Yarsha Zahara glared as she held Maroppa by the neck, exerting pressure, "When I'm done with you, I hope you still have the strength to laugh."

"Oh, I'm sorry, you won't have the mental strength left to smile." Her smile widened as

Yarsha Zahara stared into Maroppa's eyes, "I'll inhabit your body once I modify your Human

Avatar."

Mystic Eaters jutted out of her body and approached Maroppa as Yarsha Zahara took out a

piece of Sumatra Gold.

'What a horrible way to go out.' Seeing the figure of Orakha approach her, with the Mystic

Eaters closing in on her, Maroppa let out a deep sigh and closed her eyes, 'To subject me into

hell through the body of my beloved...you'll suffer for everything, Yarsha!'

'You'll suffer!'



Chapter 753: Blola Shrieks

﻿

"Wow, that's a lot of resources!" Brangara commented as Yarsha Zahara extracted the captured Vhalla's organs-that were biomes-and gave them to him.

As he chucked them into his mouth, he commented casually, "As expected of the First Empyrean Tusk. You're a lot stronger than Rhanalla."

Vhalla glared at Brangara as a Mystic Eater extracted her Spirit Container, causing her to lose all her strength as she was stuffed in the Celestial Boar horn, alongside Wrunnala. For an instant, she stared at the captive Wrunnala and understood why only the two of them had been captured.

'I shouldn't have remained alive.' She thought as her eyes, nose, ears, and mouth were covered up, preventing her from knowing what was happening anymore. From time to time, there was a mild prickling sensation in her throat, following which a warm substance flowed into her stomach.

Through Subtle Terrain Domination, Brangara was supplying food to them, ensuring they were alive. Whenever necessary, he also poured in some medicines to keep their bodies healthy. After all, he wanted them to birth Fragment Disease Mammoth Clansman and eventually spawn Empyrean Tusks.

For that, they should remain healthy.

When Yarsha Zahara entered the Sandy-Grey Void to approach Maroppa, Brangara was hiding in her body as a Major Treasure. Moreover, upon reaching the Body Stage and solidifying her influence, Yarsha Zahara gradually reverted the body's physique to resemble the original Orakha.

That was why even the Mystic Eaters in Maroppa's possession were fooled, since the presence, appearance, and even the Tertiary Nature was the same.

Currently, Brangara was at the 3-Life Stage. The moment his body at the Varahan Empire reached the peak of the Body Stage, he began to hurriedly digest the Empyrean Tusk corpses to enter the 2-Life Stage and rapidly mature.

In such a fashion, he took a bit over two years to enter the 3-Life Stage. The weakest body was observing the captives-Vhalla and Wrunnala.

The second body stood next to Yarsha Zahara, protecting her while she worked on using Mystic Eaters to modify Maroppa's Human Avatar. While this was happening, the last body of Brangara was chasing after Vhalla.

When the body split, the second body of Vhalla managed to retain most of her biomes, excluding only the biome that had been infiltrated by the Tangible Natures of Petrified Geese. As she ran away, she found Brangara chasing after her in human form.

"Dammit!" Raaha appeared outside and grunted, activating his three Natures in full strength as he used Empyrean 100 to transform into a Brully and attacked Brangara.

Fierce gales were generated as a result of the impact, rumbling the earth. But the one tanking the attack was the Celestial Boar. There was a large dent on its arms thanks to the attack. The bone had fractured, but two seconds later, it had healed.

"Too bad, you're not at the 10-Life Stage anymore." The Celestial Boar chuckled as it stared down the 6-Life Stage Raaha who had transformed into a Brully. "It would have been troublesome otherwise."

Astral World-Prana Shock x10!

Astral World-Shredded Lunge x8!

Astral World-Eddy Blade x4!

Fierce shockwaves slammed into Raaha as a series of wind blades and Prana blades attacked him, damaging him fiercely. An entire minute later, he died the first time, immediately experiencing a drop in strength.

Forty seconds later, he dropped to the 4-Life Stage. And by the end of the next thirty seconds, he was dropped all the way to the Body Stage, gasping as he glared at the large craters covering the Celestial Boar's body.

None of the damage was life-threatening as the Celestial Boar healed them in a matter of seconds, 'The strongest ability of the Celestial Boar isn't its ridiculously tough body, but its insane regeneration speed.'

'Even with two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity combined, I cannot injure him to a serious level.' Raaha thought as he sighed, 'Only Mystic Grade Natures are strong enough to work on this monster!'

"The arrogant Mammoth Clan Chief has now been reduced to nothing!" The Celestial Boar grabbed Raaha like a delicate straw and stared with a hint of ridicule, "Any last words?"

"You'll die a dog's death, Brangara." Raaha coughed out blood as his ribs shattered under the pressure exerted by the Celestial Boar's fingers. His expression became deranged as he bellowed, in utter insanity, "Resha will kill you!"

"Pfft!" The Celestial Boar broke into laughter, "Resha? Of everyone you could have mentioned, you pick Resha?"

"He's strong, yes. But," The Celestial Boar raised the strength in its hold and popped Raaha's body, casually chucking the corpse into his mouth before wiping its drool, "He's the one I'm least worried about."

"Even his wife fared better against me that him...wait a second...!" The Celestial Boar assumed human form and clutched his head, frowning as he experienced a mild headache, "Her name was...Yahira, right?"

"Wait! WAIT! Fucking wait!" He plucked his hair out in frustration, muttering in a daze, "She was living in Wrunnala's biome..."

He patted his stomach next, "And I've already digested it...Fuck!"

'I could have used her to blackmail Resha! It would have been a worthwhile revenge for my daughters...' He stopped, his expression dark, taking more than two seconds to recall the names of his dead daughters, "What is happening?"

"Why am I so forgetful?" He stared at his hands that had broken out in cold sweat, "Something's amiss!"

Four days later, he had arrived at a halt, having captured the fleeing body of Vhalla. He glared

at her, seeing that Vhalla had assumed Empyrean Tusk form and activated her Secondary Nature moments before she had been captured.

Now, Brangara would have to drag her all the way back, spending ridiculous amounts of time and effort to do so, since Vhalla was basically a mountain and weighed as much as a mountain range. Even for the Celestial Boar, that required back-breaking effort.

The only other option was to kill her and consume her, which he didn't wish to do, for she had more use as a birth tool for Empyrean Tusks than his meal. "Fine, you asked for it."

He touched her body and transformed into a Major Treasure, fusing into her body, following which he generated large amounts of his influence, affecting Vhalla's biomes, 'It will take a while, but through the biomes, I'll influence your Prana and prompt you to assume human form.'

In the meantime, Yarsha Zahara was busy with research, swapping between the bodies of Orakha and Maroppa as she pleased, having subjected both to her influence. 'Due to the influence I've exerted on them, I can't even extract any information out of them. Their minds have been fully corrupted and their mind spaces are pretty much recked.'

'However, that doesn't mean I cannot infer any details.' She inspected Maroppa's Spirit Container and muttered, "Somehow, her Secondary Nature has been derived from a Free Human's Human Avatar."

She then checked Vhalla's Spirit Container and explained to Brangara, "It's the same for all the Empyrean Tusks too."

"Everything makes sense now." She nodded and stared at Brangara, "Don't you remember the time at the Brimgan Empire when they accused us of killing over a hundred Brimgan Royals?"

"Did something like that happen? I'm...not sure." Brangara thought for a few minutes before shrugging, "Too many things happened back then. I'll probably have to consume a medicine that can jolt my memory."

He had consumed it at the Dralh Sea's Cooter Clan before. Though he didn't have its recipe, he could try to create something with similar effect.

"It's fine, don't bother wasting time and effort on it." Yarsha Zahara shook her head right as

Brangara was about to research upon the recipe. She then continued to speak, "From what I'm observing, the Natures of the Brimgan Royals have somehow been extracted and fused into the Empyrean Tusks to form their Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity."

"Maroppa's Grey Kinesis Deity has been created in the same manner." She said in excitement

and stared at Brangara, "Do you know what this means?"

"No, care to explain?" Brangara scratched his head.

"As long as I figure out the method, I can use it to get Mystic Eaters as my Tertiary Nature." Yarsha Zahara shrilled in excitement, "And it shouldn't take me too long!"

"Maroppa practices Mystic Sumatra Art, unlike Orakha who uses Mystic Bone Art!" She

chuckled, "So, even if it takes time, I can gradually extract information from her without any

side-effects."

"Even if the information is polluted, I can fill in the blanks as long as I get the general gist."

She expressed happily.

"How long do you need?" Brangara asked, sighing a little in response, "We're running out of

time. if you're not ready before the Third Major Disaster starts, you'll lose the opportunity."

"Third Major Disaster?" Yarsha Zahara laughed as she patted Maroppa's body, "Just use Bloody Affection on her while I'm using Mystic Sumatra Art."

"We'll be done within two years."

Two years later, at a node situated under the forest home to the race of Enrinos, the Transcendent Eater constantly sucking up nutrients from the ground froze up in response. A few seconds later, Blola's terrified voice shrieked out, "What the fuck?"

He noticed that he could revive Orakha now, implying that the latter had died. However, the

revival time was only a minute, terrifying him. The revival time depended on the strength of the revival target in response to Blola's strength.

The current him, at the 4-Life Stage could revive Yennda in a matter of hours. A Mystic Grade

Orakha at the 2-Life Stage ought to have taken him anywhere from two to three months to revive. Based on the memories he gained while improving his strength, now on the verge of

entering the 5-Life Stage, Blola had a list of the revival time necessary for each of the Mystic

Paths.

However, the data he gained for Orakha was in sharp contrast to the current situation, one where he could revive him in a minute. Blola didn't waste any time and revived the latter, despairing to see that Orakha had no Nature.

Forget having a Nature. When revived, he appeared at the Spirit Stage, having one unit of Prana. His expression was blank and a second after he was revived, due to whatever he had been subjected to, his Spirit Container was placed in excess stress, causing it to shatter.

Orakha had been reduced to a mortal.



Chapter 754: Please Help Orakha

﻿

Brimgan Empire!

"Stop! Stop him!"

"Don't allow his entry!"

"Catch him!" Soldiers posted guard at the Brimgan Empire's entrance shouted in alarm as a figure rapidly skipped past all their defensive units.

More than thirty Spirit Weapons emanating varied powers flew towards a young man when they were intercepted by a layer of stalks that jutted out of the ground suddenly. The stalks sprouted vines that coiled around the Spirit Weapons and kept them in confinement.

In the meantime, the man's legs transformed into roots that coiled into a spring before releasing him high up into the sky. One of his arms transformed into a stalk, with its front end sporting a carnivorous mouth.

The carnivorous mouth grabbed onto the peak of a tall building and craned strength through the stalk, spinning the man around the building similar to how a planet revolved around the sun. a few rotations later, once the maximum possible angular momentum for the applied muscular strength had been achieved, the carnivorous mouth let go of its hold, launching the man tangentially.

The stalk hand and root legs retracted into their human counterpart, immediately reducing his mass and air friction, which concentrated much of the launched momentum and sent him reeling farther away.

"Stop!" A powerful bellow resounded as a golden flash glinted in the sky. The man barely detected the glint before a spindle-shaped Spirit Weapon was at his face, intending to puncture his head.

However, in response to it, his head bloomed into a series of carnivorous mouths. The Spirit Weapon pierced one of them, following which the remaining carnivorous mouths rejoined into an intact human head.

"My patience has its limits," Blola stated in a hurry as roots jutted out of his legs and burrowed into the ground, immediately causing a forest to bloom in response. Every single tree in the forest was connected, a single entity.

Growing out of the singular root system was a series of stalks behaving as tree trunks, and sprouting from the ends of each was a carnivorous mouth. In a matter of seconds, an area of forty-thousand square metres was transformed into a carnivorous forest.

"Surround it! Don't let him escape it!" The Brimgan Royal posted guard at the Empire's entrance bellowed and hurried the soldiers under him. They surrounded the carnivorous forest, intending to attack it when suddenly, the forest began to wither.

And immediately in response, at a location twenty-four kilometres away, a carnivorous forest bloomed.

'How did one appear there?' The Brimgan Royal was stunned before he condensed an unicycle with an impeccable suspension system and landed on its seat, actuating it through psychokinesis to blaze through the streets, rapidly approaching the carnivorous forest.

Mystic Kinesis Art-Spirit Weapon Switch!

Golden platforms appeared in the air behind him, on which his soldiers latched, rapidly being transported to the newly formed carnivorous forest.

"Help!"

"Save us!" People screamed as carnivorous mouths targeted them. No one died, as the carnivorous mouths weren't aiming to kill them. However, to garner attention towards it, they purposefully destroyed a few buildings as loudly as possible and raised a dust cloud.

As most of the soldiers were rerouted to the second carnivorous forest, a figure sneaked out from underneath a wilting stalk from the first carnivorous forest. He hurriedly hid behind a wall and took cover, heaving a sigh of relief as he stared at the baggage in his possession.

It was wrapped up into a bundle by a series of vines. His left hand had transformed into vines to wrap around and carry the individual within. After looking around a little, Blola quickly made his way towards the Northern Lakes.

"He's here!" One of the soldiers posted sentry spotted him and shouted, alerting the army to assemble and chase after him once again.

'The other body of mine has bought enough time.' He thought as such and snapped his finger, releasing a fruity scent that quickly pervaded the surroundings.

A minute later, the second carnivorous forest wilted as the body of Blola maintaining it committed suicide. As Blola jumped into the Northern Lakes, roots jutted out of his legs and expanded like a mangrove, paddling him forth.

They also absorbed nutrients from the water, allowing him to build the body that he had sacrificed just now. Boats rushed after him at terrifying speeds as Blola continued to run. Whenever the soldiers closed in on him, he threw a body in their direction.

The body assumed Transcendent Eater form and formed a carnivorous forest, buying enough time, following which it committed suicide. Once that happened, Blola would absorb nutrients to begin rebuilding the body once again.

He was currently at the 3-Life Stage, with the fourth body sent to the Dralh Sea for the same purpose he had barged into the Brimgan Empire.

'There!' He noticed a railway plying along the shore and quickly rushed towards it. Many Spirit Weapons flew his way from the soldiers in the railway's engine room. However, they were all either blocked or tanked by a series of roots and stalks.

With a slam into the water, Blola leapt into the engine room as his right hand expanded into hundreds of vines and covered the engine room's interior, wrapping around the cultivators there instantly.

Their Spirit weapons flashed around, cutting through some of the vines when dozens more took their place, drowning out the resistance until the cultivators couldn't do anything.

"Travel at the maximum speed." Blola's voice resounded coldly as he emanated his presence, overwhelming the drivers, "If you dare slow down, I'll kill every single passenger in a second. Don't test my patience!"

"Y-Yes!" The drivers were unable to resist as they could only funnel their psychokinesis into the gear mechanism of the railway engine and maintain its speed.

Blola eyed outside, watching boats race parallel to the railway as the soldiers within intended

to board the railway and target him. He stared at the boat as a Parute Tree sprouted next to them, transforming into Blola who assumed Transcendent Eater form and wreaked havoc.

He didn't kill anyone and simply destroyed the boats. Once he had neutralised the pursuers, he committed suicide.

A root extended out of Blola's leg and pierced into the ground next to the railway track, expanding in length as the train sped forth. It absorbed nutrients from the ground, and once it had expanded to its limit, it contracted.

Another root pierced the ground closer to the engine, expanding in a similar fashion. Though it was many times slower than when he planted himself in the ground, Blola was still able to steadily recover his third body.

And the moment another group chased after him, he sent the third body sprouting as a Parute Tree next to the group, assumed Transcendent Eater form, and neutralised them, repeating the process as many times as necessary.

Information spread faster as many soldiers remained ready at the stations in order to board it and target Blola. However, he was prepared for all responses, ensuring the railway didn't

stop.

One time, they changed the tracks to one that ended soon. Upon seeing it, a bunch of roots expanded underneath the railway, lifted it and planted it on the right tracks that made way to the Capital City-Boul!

"I should be reaching the Capital in a couple of hours..." Blola muttered as the train passed by a familiar City's station. He had just said so when his skin prickled, causing him to turn around and stare in shock at the golden figure that had condensed a couple metres away.

'There's at least a hundred kilometres to the Capital City!' Blola was stunned, unable to comprehend how this was possible, 'Maybe he was in range nearby.'

"Do all the Mystic Paths love wreaking chaos in my Empire every time you make an appearance?" The golden figure was none other than the Brimgan Empire's Emperor, Boul Brimgan. His eyebrows were creased in irritation as he folded his hands.

It would only take him an instant to cut off all the vines binding his people. However, he intended to figure out Blola's intentions first, aware that killing the Transcendent Eater was impossible in the blessed land of resources-the Brimgan Empire.

The infinite resources being produced here allowed Blola to fight perpetually, if necessary. So, Boul Brimgan intended to figure out the motives for Blola's hurried rush into his Empire.

"Let's talk at the palace," Blola said and eyed the drivers, implying that he didn't wish to discuss in the open. He then relaxed his hold over them, retracting his vines to prove that his

motive wasn't to fight or cause chaos, "I apologise for taking such a forced approach. I had no

choice."

"However, I ensured that none were harmed by my actions." Blola said, "I did destroy many buildings, but I will compensate for that through Parute Fruits."

"That's a fair offer." Boul Brimgan didn't care much since he did confirm that there were zero

casualties from Blola's forced entry. That was why he didn't try to fight and simply condensed

a Spirit Weapon in the shape of his body in an effort to converse.

If he wanted to kill, he would have sent in a Kinesis Feline.

Two hours later, at the Brimgan Palace, the golden humanoid accompanied Blola into the

throne room.

The doors opened with grandeur as Blola walked in, noticing that the seats of the Ministers

were empty. At the far end of the palace, donning a dress that shone enough to make the

entire throne room feel as if it had been plunged into the afternoon sun was Boul Brimgan.

Seated on the Grand Minister's seat next to his throne was his mother, Harla Brimgan, her expression a forced calm. She was uneasy for some reason.

Once Blola walked in, the golden humanoid accompanying him vanished. The prickles on his skin were going crazy, 'They haven't stopped the moment he revealed himself.'

Blola stared at Boul Brimgan, solemn in his observation, 'It seems his Spirit Weapon range exceeds a radius of 100 kilometres. That's fucking insane!'

"So, what prompted you to barge into my Empire?" Boul Brimgan asked as his attention fell

on the bundle carried by Blola with care all along.

"It's this..." Blola expressed his worry as the bundle unfurled itself, revealing the figure of

Orakha who had a blank stare, with drool dripping down the side of his mouth, "I can't understand what had happened to him. He's...gone senile."

"That's Orakha?" Harla Brimgan got up with a start as she stared at Boul Brimgan, her expression of unease worsening. "Boul..."

"I know, Mother." Boul Brimgan let out a breath in worry as he ruffled his hair, "It's just as I

feared."

"Something terrible has happened unbeknownst to all of us."

"Can you revive him another time?" Boul Brimgan stared at Blola to ask, "Won't he recover

once you do that?"

"The data in me is constantly updated to the Mystic Path's state prior to death." Blola shook

his head, "I have revived him thrice now. Every time, he's revived at the Spirit Stage with only

one unit of Prana. And whatever he has suffered has destroyed his mind. So, the moment he's revived, the stress placed on his Spirit Container shatters it, turning him into a mortal."

"Even when I pour Prana into him in an effort to reinforce his Spirit Container and allow it to

heal him, nothing happens." Blola said, requesting support, "Nothing I try seems to be working on him!"

Bang!

The double doors to the throne room burst open as Ruvva rushed in, "I felt Uncle Blola's

presence..."

"Uncle...Orakha?" Her words paused, in shock, as she laid sight on the drooling face of Orakha,

one lacking any semblance of intelligence or sentience, turned into a sack of flesh that was barely alive, "Is that..."

"What is happening?" She stared at Blola, "Didn't he leave Sumatra with the Mammoth

Clan?"

"I'm not sure what happened," Blola expressed his worry, "I was suddenly able to revive him yesterday. And when I revived him, he was in this state."

"That's why I rushed him here in a hurry, in hopes that the Brimgan Empire can figure out the

cause." He stared at Ruvva, "Aren't Mystic Humans immune to change? Please help Orakha,"

"Ruvva."



Chapter 755: Where’s Orakha?

﻿

"His Spirit Container has no traces of a Nature..." Boul Brimgan muttered in a daze once he concluded his inspection on Orakha, frowning as he stared at Blola, "Say, if his Spirit Container had been surgically removed, would it affect his revival?"

"No," Blola shook his head, "It's still his power. So, when I revive him, he'll be revived with his Natures. It's just that his Human Avatar will be empty, since I'm not filling it up. But if all the necessary minerals are in my access, I can revive him at the peak of the Body Stage, with a complete Human Avatar."

"None of the damage will be counted, since I'm reviving them in their natural state of being, as their Prana dictates." Blola explained, "That's why I'm puzzled, since it seems even his Prana has been affected to the extent it feels as if he never had a Nature in the first place."

'If the revival process can ignore damage as Blola states, then it makes no sense why Orakha is in this state.' Boul Brimgan thought before asking, "Maybe he was extensively tortured?"

"Even that cannot explain it fully." Blola shook his head, "Prana is a fusion of the energies of the body, mind, and soul. So, as long as Prana flows through his body, any damage done to his mind would also heal over time, until he returns to his natural state of body, mind, and soul."

"But that natural state has been changed here. From what I know, even a Minor Treasure cannot do it." Blola expressed in worry, "That's what I'm perplexed about."

"Uncle..." Ruvva crouched before Orakha and stared at his eyes, tearing up in response, "He has been broken beyond the point of recovery. Just...who could have done it?"

"There's only one person with the motive and capability to do that to him." Boul Brimgan didn't even hesitate to spit out in anger, "It's that traitor of the Free Humans!"

"That woman?" Ruvva raised an eyebrow as she recalled the painting of Yarsha Zahara that she had seen on a scroll. Veins popped on her forehead as anger gradually spilled forth from her being, making itself known through her billowing presence. 'She dares?'

"Are you sure it's here?" She calmed her nerves and asked Boul Brimgan, "Do we have any proof?"

"A bit over six years ago, I felt that I could condense a tenth one..." Boul Brimgan said and condensed ten Kinesis Felines beside him, "Yarsha Zahara stole the tenth one when the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself. She had been controlling it all along. But now, I could make a new one once again."

"That still doesn't prove anything," Ruvva frowned as she gently seeped her Prana into Orakha, retracting it in a hurry when his body spasmed violently in response.

"Argh!" For a moment, there was a shriek of terror from Orakha before he reverted to a deranged state.

"I promise to figure out a way to heal him. I'm capable enough," Ruvva stared at Blola. Her expression then became tense as she whispered to him in a hurry, "Hide him!"

Her figure spun and turned into a spinning ball that flashed towards the throne room's entrance, stopping as she stared at a girl walking past, dressed in frilly clothes. "Yo!"

"Mother! I was searching for you everywhere!" The girl, aged a bit over nineteen bubbled her way towards Ruvva, "I made a new game today. Today is the day I defeat you!"

"Hoh? Are you that confident?" Ruvva gradually flexed her arms as her expression became one of interest, "You're a hundred years too early for that."

"Hehe, you'll see." The girl flashed a board game for the fraction of a second before hiding it in her sleeve. She laughed and was about to run away when she noticed the figure of Blola in the throne room, focusing on the spherical bundle formed by the vines extending out of his left hand, "Eh? Mother, why is that person's hand looking like a tree?"

"Mother?" Blola stared at Ruvva in shock, "You have a child?"

"How old do you think I am?" Ruvva raised an eyebrow, "I'm thirty-four."

It had been 34 years since the Second Major Disaster ended, which was the same as her age, for

she was born at the same time the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself.

"34? You're that old already?" Blola blinked in confusion for a few seconds before commenting with an awkward laugh, "Man, time flies."

"Mother, who is this tree person?" The girl asked as she stared at Blola, expressing curiosity, hoping to touch the vines.

"A dangerous criminal." Boul Brimgan said with a parodying tone of caution.

"Oh please, I'm not a kid anymore." The girl rolled her eyes. She then inched closer to Blola when Ruvva held her back.

"That guy eats Pranic Beasts for breakfast," Ruvva said and glared at Blola, communicating through eye contact.

"I do...? Eh? Ah, y-yes, I do eat them for breakfast." Blola didn't know what Ruvva implied but played along with the lie as he condensed a carnivorous mouth from his right hand, "Hehe! I eat them with this!"

"Scary!" The girl shrieked a little and ran behind Ruvva, her footsteps having a mild spin to them, mimicking the way Ruvva moved.

"The adults are talking, so be a good girl and wait for me in your room, alright?" Ruvva said and nudged the girl, sighting as she closed the double doors once the girl was out of her sight.

"Who is the father?" Blola asked.

"He's dead, don't ask." Ruvva shook her head, expressing that she didn't wish to go into detail about it. She then approached Orakha after Blola unfurled the vines wrapping him and lifted him up, "I'll focus on treating him."

"Bring him to my ward," Harla Brimgan said as she got up, "The Brimgan Empire owes him a lot. That's the least I can do. Besides, it'll be safer with me on standby next to him."

'It seems I made the right decision to bring him here.' Blola thought in relief as he watched the Emperor and Grand Minister express genuine concern for Orakha's well-being. 'Those fragmented memories did hint that there was some deep cooperation between the two sides.'

Blola didn't know all the details, but from the fragmented memories he got from the Transcendent Eater, he understood that Orakha was valued by the Brimgan Empire. Moreover, since Ruvva was the Empire's Guardian and cared about Orakha a lot, he brought the latter

here.

Blola had a barebones relationship with Orakha at best. They weren't even on the level of colleagues, forget being friends. The only reason Blola wanted to save Orakha was to conserve the strength of the Mystic Path.

The loss of the Orange Mystic Path's strength meant a higher chance of their defeat at the hands of the Celestial Boar. That was pretty much the reason he cared about Orakha.

"I'll get going then. My job's done here." Blola said and turned around to leave, pausing for a moment before he smiled wryly at Boul Brimgan, "Do inform everything to Virala when he comes here."

"Why would he arrive here..." Boul Brimgan paused for a moment before grunting in annoyance, "You told him too?"

"I sent a body to the Dralh Sea while I made my way into the Brimgan Empire." Blola smiled wryly, "I wanted to inform everyone who cared about him, which is two people."

He stared at Ruvva, "First is you, and second is that guy..."

"Virala."

"I never expected him to have such a trait, but from what I've found out, Virala seems to genuinely consider Orakha as a friend," Blola said and took his leave.

[Let him leave, mother!]

Boul Brimgan contacted Harla Brimgan through an Information Slip upon feeling the latter's

concern.

[We need to at least figure out where he's heading towards.]

In response to her words, Boul Brimgan shook his head, aware that Blola had no enmity with

the Brimgan Empire. So, he had no reason to expend time and resources to keep an eye on Blola. After all, as the Blue Mystic Path, Blola would be focused on killing the Celestial Boar.

[We don't need to exercise unnecessary caution and antagonise Blola. Let the Mystic Paths and the Celestial Boar kill each other. We're the ones growing stronger from the sides!]

"Ensure that she doesn't meet Virala, even by mistake." Boul Brimgan said a few minutes later, addressing Ruvva, "We can't risk exposing her identity."

"Her identity is that she's my daughter. Even if we're alone, don't speak otherwise." Ruvva relayed a word of caution and took her leave, "Now, if you'll excuse me, Uncle Emperor!"

"Yeah, yeah, go, go." Boul Brimgan waved his hand, reeling from a headache as he subtly raised the level of defence within his Spirit Weapon range, protecting the Capital City and its surroundings better.

With a thought from him, a Kinesis Feline condensed at an altitude of twelve kilometres above the ground, positioning itself at an open spot uncovered by clouds as it stared in the direction of the Dralh Sea, silently observing the target location.

Two weeks later, in the dead of the night, a reddish-purple radiance billowed out of the Dralh

Sea, from the headquarters of the Mystic Humans. The radiance was a sizeably large dot in the Kinesis Feline's vision, considering the sheer distance between the two regions.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

'Blola's body finally reached Virala.' Boul Brimgan thought in response, watching through the

eyes of the Kinesis Feline in the sky as he noticed a small reddish trail form on the Cooter- Brimgan Channel, rapidly speeding towards the Brimgan Empire.

Four days later, the figure of Virala stood in the Brimgan palace, his expression incensed,

"Where is he?"

"Control your emotions and I'll bring you there." Boul Brimgan said as a streak of sweat dripped down his forehead, feeling the sheer forces radiating maniacally from Virala. If he hadn't used his psychokinesis to protect the place, there would have been some serious

casualties.

After all, Virala had lost his cool, his shout reverberating across the place, "Where's Orakha?"

"WHERE?"



Chapter 756: What’s the Menu?

﻿

Four days before Virala's arrival at the Brimgan Empire, right as the figure of Blola arrived at the Abode of the Mystics, bringing with him news of Orakha's state, a group of Quip Clansmen were situated on an island far away.

This island was a port dedicated to ferrying goods between the Ravaged Federation and the Dralh Sea as the Mystic Humans acted as the intermediary between the Brimgan Empire and the Quip Clan. A group of Quip Clansmen had been stationed at the port for logistic reasons.

Boom!

Seeing a surge of reddish radiance beaming out of the Abode of Mystics a few minutes after Blola entered, and sensing the sheer anger emanating from Virala's unleashed presence, a Quip Clansman took out a handmade fan and made it rotate.

The fan took flight for a short instant as the Quip Clansman watched calmly. One second later, he noticed the fan vanishing from existence, following which he closed his eyes and resumed his work.

Whenever anything of significance happens and is witnessed by a Quip Clansman, they would do everything in their power to either personally assume flight or use a tool to perform the same. This was to inform their Deity about whatever was happening.

If they personally took flight, they'd be able to stare at their Deity when the latter appeared, able to discuss when necessary, though it would only be Inala talking until he deactivated the power of his Major Treasure of Flight.

But in the case of an item, there was no way to know whether the Royal Zinger responded to their call, as only the target in flight could see him. Thereby, the communication means was simply Inala erasing the tool that had taken flight.

If the tool gets erased, it meant the Royal Zinger had arrived, which is why the Quip Clansman resumed his work, aware that his Deity was at the scene now, watching whatever was the reason behind Virala's outburst.

And indeed, that was the truth. Two kilometres above sea level, hovering within a small cloud was Inala, sporting strength at his base state-Expert Silver Grade. Upon arriving, he took advantage of his undetectable state to first fly into a cloud. Only then did he erase the tool in flight.

This way, no one sensed his arrival. Moreover, the natives of Sumatra didn't have a habit of staring up at the sky unless something happened there. After all, there didn't exist any beings capable of flight.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

This allowed Inala free rein over the skies as long as he remained careful about hiding himself.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

He strengthened the cloud to become big enough for him to freely orient himself without poking out. Following that, Inala observed the Abode of the Mystics, staring at the figure of Virala shouting in disbelief at Blola.

A few minutes later, Blola committed suicide, having completed the task he had set out to achieve. Immediately in response, after commanding his subordinates to take care of things at the place, Virala condensed a Tratham surfboat and rode it across the Dralh Sea.

It unleashed a force of psychokinesis that pushed on the sea, propelling the surfboat at terrifying speeds. The generated force produced a reddish glow, creating a trail that followed Virala as he sped in the direction of the Cooter-Brimgan Channel.

Stage 2-Wing!

'Let's follow and see what happened for him to be this pissed.' His arms transformed into the Royal Zinger's, unfurling a membraned wing that allowed him to glide across the sky. The propulsion necessary to accelerate came from the Major Treasure of Flight.

He maintained a steady pace behind Virala, gradually increasing his altitude to eight metres,

a distance he judged safe from Virala's detection means. It was well beyond what Virala could notice, especially considering his current state of mind.

However, having a cloud keep up pace for an extended duration would catch his eye. Hence, Inala raised the altitude and constantly changed the shape of the cloud wrapped around him. This way, even Virala didn't notice anything amiss.

Four days of nonstop travel later, Virala entered the Birimgan Empire's palace to confront Boul Brimgan, "Where's Orakha?"

"WHERE?"

"Follow me," Boul Brimgan stated once Virala had reined in his anger to a considerable level. The duo walked through the palace and arrived at a cordoned section, one guarded by an elite team of Brimgan Royals, the weakest of which was at the 4-Life Stage.

"Don't react, maintain your cool. Otherwise, I'm sending you away." Boul Brimgan said in warning once before opening the door, beckoning Virala to follow.

Right as Virala entered the room, he came to witness the sight of Orakha strapped on a bed, uttering beastly growls from time to time, like a dog that had gone hungry for a week.

"Aarf! Grrgah! Ugh..." Drool leaked out of his mouth as Orakha twitched uncontrollably. His teeth clattered with enough force to crack the incisors while his hands tried to rip apart the rope binding him to the berth.

Keeping his mouth open forcefully and dripping blood from her palm was Ruvva, trying her best to ensure Orakha swallowed her blood, "Please bear with me, Uncle."

"What...is this?" Virala muttered as he stared at Orakha's eyes, an instant later grabbed Boul Brimgan by the scruff of his neck, "Why is he like this?"

"What the fuck happened?"

"How am I supposed to know?" Boul Brimgan snorted and wrestled free, "I've been trying to figure out the reason too."

"Use the Decaleech's power!" Virala shouted, "Don't you have a Human Avatar that can enslave Pranic Beasts? Use that to capture a Decaleech and apply Bloody Affection on Orakha. That's the easiest way to extract information from his blood..."

"We tried it already," Ruvva's stern voice shut him up as she got up and relaxed her palm, watching the wound heal instantly. Her eyes shot in Virala's direction for an instant before focusing on Boul Brimgan, expressing her dissatisfaction.

"If you don't have a solution, find and bring Gannala here." Ruvva declared slowly, "I'm afraid she's our last resource to understand what had happened. After all, there's nothing in his blood."

"Everything of value has been wiped clean from his body, mind, and soul." Ruvva gritted her teeth in anger, "Fucking bastards!"

"Even if I try to cure him of the damage, I see no hope in recovering his memories...or even his identity." Her eyes turned moist as she spoke with a soft tone of sadness. "I fear the only option is to plant new memories of him, like starting from a blank slate."

She stared at Virala, "Gannala must have a record of his everything. If she places all the data in Uncle Orakha, there is some hope for his return."

"That will just be a new personality in an old body." A soft voice resounded in the room,

surprising Virala and Ruvva. Boul Brimgan, on the other hand, seemed to have known in advance, letting out a sigh upon seeing Inala stroll in through the walls, 'No one else other than me managed to detect his arrival. Even Mother hasn't managed to sense his arrival.'

"Since when were you spying on us?" Virala shot a glare at Inala, clearly pissed by the latter's actions, on the verge of exploding.

"I noticed the radiance produced by your Tratham surfboard when I was roaming across

nearby. I decided to follow you after that, but it took me a while to get here." Inala weaved a

lie spontaneously, like clockwork, and approached Ruvva, "Can I try my hand at it? My method is infinitely better than Bloody Affection."

"Yes, Uncle Inala." Ruvva nodded and stepped away from Orakha, watching Inala wrap Orakha

with a Biome Bomb.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

Gentle waves of Prana fluctuated across Orakha's body while faint ripples emanated through the Biome Bomb's surface. Inala's eyes were closed, focusing on extracting data from Orakha. He was in his base state and hence had to exercise utmost focus. Otherwise, his data extraction will cause Orakha severe pain.

Externally, he emanated Mystic Grade presence, having covered himself with a Mystic Biome

Bomb. As Inala focused on unearthing information from Orakha, he couldn't help but curse, "Fuck!"

A streak of blood dripped from his nose as Inala retracted his Prana and wiped himself, taking

a seat nearby as he muttered, "It's corrupted. Orakha has been destroyed from the fundamental sense."

"What the fuck are you saying?" Virala raged.

"Let me explain, fucker!" Inala retorted, "Isn't your Minor Treasure the perfect tool to

extract information out of someone? Use it if you're that impatient!"

"If that was enough, I wouldn't have to bother enduring the appearance of your disgusting

face." Prana radiated out of Virala for an instant before he controlled himself, hurriedly retracting everything upon realising that if his presence were to touch Orakha even by mistake, the latter's body would straight up explode.

"Be quiet, Virala!" Ruvva shouted at him before staring at Inala, "Be mature, uncle. You can beat each other up later for all I care. Now, please tell me what you've found out."

"The culprit is definitely Brangara, that much is for sure as I'm able to find faint data related

to him pouring his influence into Orakha." Inala collected his thoughts for a few seconds and

spoke, "He used a Minor Treasure of his as a gateway to pour his influence into Orakha and affect his body. However, this was used as a healing measure."

"Healing measure?" Boul Brimgan frowned, "Healing him from what? And why?"

"From what I have found out, there's a big fight between the Transcendents happening out

there. And their presence is rampant in the Sandy-Grey Void. Without either Mystic Grade strength or some kind of protective device made using Sumatra Gold, you'll mutate in a matter of seconds out there." Inala said, "Brangara has been exposing Orakha to that environment for short instants at regular intervals. Right as Orakha is about to mutate, he's brought into Sumatra and fed the Celestial Boar's influence."

"And this has been done countless times after somehow plunging into Orakha the combined

anything

influence generated from thousands of Natures." Inala said, shaking his head, "I can't find else as any information about his body has been corrupted to the extreme. It's like placing my head in a network of grinders."

"Thousands of presences?" Ruvva expressed her shock as she stared at Orakha, "Constant

exposure to the influence from Transcendents in the Sandy-Grey Void and then healing it using the Celestial Boar's influence..."

"They've mutated his body, mind, and soul until he became an absolute cripple." Virala

completed his sentence, remaining silent for a minute before he opened his mouth to let out a

chuckle, "Ha...hahahahaha!"

"HAHAHA! This dumbass wanted to live in peace with his family. Isn't that a riot? Look at

him now! He's been messed beyond the point of recovery and god knows what happened to his wife...hahahaha..." His body trembled like he had fits while his laughter gradually arrived at a slow, grating halt, "Ha...ha!"

"Man, it's not like me to care about someone else." Virala scratched his head in mild irritation

and walked away, reaching for the room's exit when he paused and stared at the faces of Boul Brimgan, Inala, and Ruvva, "Oh, by the way, I'll be hosting a simple dinner party at my palace a few months later. You're all invited."

"What's the menu?" Ruvva asked, for the first time in tune with her biological father's

thought process.

"Pork, of course." Virala laughed, "Lots and lots of it."



Chapter 757: Eerie Music

﻿

Varahan Empire, Noikatol District!

MunuBuntara exited his home, guarded by a large team of Free Humans acting as his bodyguards, one of whom was Wepetay. As one of his strongest people, Wepetay was recalled from the Noikatol Kingdom for just one reason: Trust!

The cause was the pair of eyes trained on him the moment MunuBuntara walked into the open. Mild sweat dripped down his back, turning his shirt damp as he noticed multiple, ravenous stares directed at him, 'It has further worsened today.'

He quickly boarded his carriage and closed the doors, heaving a sigh of relief once he was inside, commenting to Wepetay, "I feel stuffed to leave my house."

"We're investigating the cause, My Lord." Wepetay expressed his helplessness, "But we're unable to figure out the cause. It suddenly sprang into existence the past month."

"Arrest everyone who is displaying unnatural behaviours." MunuBuntara said solemnly, "My coronation ceremony is next month. I need everything to be clean when I'm proclaimed King Noikatol by His Majesty, the Emperor!"

"The prisons are overrun," Wepetay let out a mild sigh before stating in a hurry upon noticing MunuBuntara's dissatisfaction. "We're making more space right as we speak and are also interrogating all the captured prisoners."n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I'll be expecting positive results soon." MunuBuntara said before waving his hand, taking out a kerchief to wipe the cold sweat dripping down his face as he let out a slow breath, relaxing slightly once he was unable to feel the stares anymore, "Let's listen to some music. My nerves have been too tense these days."

"Yes, My Lord." Wepetay nodded and opened the suitcase placed under his seat, revealing a gramophone. A small piece of Vara was embedded into the crank, in which Wepetay poured his Prana and used psychokinesis to turn it.

The crystal disk began to rotate in response, causing the needle-pin to trail over the faint indentations embedded on the disk, producing a piece of soft music. The pin, the disk, and even the box, all were made from a special set of materials dedicated to the one song recorded on the disk.

Since the Varahan Empire was wealthy, they made custom gramophones for every single piece of music they had produced, not because they liked to waste money, but because the interaction between the various materials resulted in the perfect playback for certain pieces of music.

So, for every type of music, a certain set of material combinations was preferred. The Gramophone set MunuBuntara had was expensive, having over ten pieces of music, with an assortment of pins and disks.

It was a new model that had only been released a couple days ago and was a hot commodity. As the heavenly music echoed in his ear, MunuBuntara closed his eyes and relished it, feeling himself relax naturally.

Wepetay too felt relaxed. However, he couldn't let loose, as he needed to be alert to protect MunuBuntara from harm. Even though there had never been a targeted attack on MunuBuntara until now, he couldn't throw heed to caution, for things seemed different for the past month.

[You only need to consume an Empyrean Boar to obtain the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature!]

'What?' Wepetay's eyes shot open suddenly, realising that he had fallen asleep for a couple of seconds. His gaze fell on MunuBuntara, noticing the latter had his eyes closed, enjoying the music. Based on the content being played in the music, Wepetay judged that he had only fallen asleep for five seconds.

The music piece lasted a whopping eight hours without any repetition. Since it was MunuBuntara's favourite, even Wepetay had heard it more than thirty times by now, which was how he could judge the time that had passed as he had fallen asleep.

'How did I fall asleep despite my state of alertness? Besides, why did I hear the Emperor's voice all of a sudden?' Wepetay frowned, feeling jittery, 'And...what exactly was that sentence?'

He recalled the sentence and subconsciously stared at MunuBuntara for an instant before he mentally chided himself, 'What the fuck am I thinking? How DARE I think of something so presumptuous?'

"Is the music not to your liking?" MunuBuntara noticed a faint fluctuation of presence from Wepetay and stared at the latter, saying upon observing his expression, "You look like you've eaten a rotten dish."

"Did you recall the dinner we had four nights ago?" MunuBuntara chuckled casually.

"Yes," Wepetay nodded, lying spontaneously as he felt odd for some reason. But a few seconds later, the odd sensation vanished as he said, "Sir, I'm not sure how to say this. But..."

"Yes? Please go ahead and say it, Wepetay." MunuBuntara said, "You don't need to be reserved against me."

"I heard a strange sentence suddenly." Wepetay expressed truthfully, "It was His Majesty, the Emperor's voice. As to what it was..."

He hesitated, mildly trembling in fear, for the notion was just too absurd to comprehend. But upon seeing the truth and confidence MunuBuntara placed in him, Wepetay revealed the truth, "You only need to consume an Empyrean Boar to obtain the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature."

"I heard this statement through His Majesty's voice."

"What? How did you hear it?" MunuBuntara was stunned by the sentence, expressing his shock.

"It...popped up into my head." Wepetay said, "I think I had dozed off for five seconds. I think I dreamed of sitting here, at the same spot, and someone whispered this sentence in my ear. That's how the sensation was."

"Has this happened before?" MunuBuntara asked, frowning as Wepetay shook his head. After a minute of thought, he nodded, "See if any of our captives have heard the same sentence."

"Alright!" Wepetay nodded, unaware of the true culprit, which was staring at him in the face, the cause of all the problems.

His Clothes!

Tertiary Nature-Prana Stitch!

It was the Royal Zinger's Tertiary Nature, which Inala had used when weaving the suits worn by MunuBuntara and everyone of importance accompanying him. The fabric forming the suit was thick, having been created by weaving multiple layers together.

The inner layers, hidden from view, had threads weaved to basically form the design of Piezo Slips. And these Piezo Slips had the information about the Skills of Universal Slip and Dual

Speech.

Therefore, whenever MunuBuntara activated the suit, two extra units of Prana were consumed, which were to activate the two skills of Universal Slip and Dual Speech

respectively.

The music played by these Gramophones was created using the Dual Speech Skill. The sound travelled at two superimposed frequencies. The first was in the audible range while the second was in the range inaudible to human and Empyrean Boar ears.

Whenever MunuBuntara listened to music right after wearing or removing his clothes, the zinger voice got translated and sent to his ears by Universal Slip Skill embedded in his clothes. The information lodged itself in his mind space, left to ponder about later.

However, as he was at the Gold Grade, the Universal Slip Skill's effect waned within a minute.

And on days when he carried a large bunch of Natures on his being, it waned in a matter of seconds. Therefore, there wasn't enough time for the information contained in the music to engrave itself in his mind space and appear in his dreams.

That was why MunuBuntara was oblivious to it until now, despite hearing the music daily.

Pretty much every single melody that one could listen to while falling asleep had been encoded with a Zinger voice.

Wepetay wasn't the type to listen to melodies, and hence he hadn't heard anything suspicious

in his dreams before. He only got it because he had fallen asleep for a few seconds now, due to his nerves being tense for an entire month.

That was why he had relaxed unconsciously as he heard the music. The tension had taken a toll

on his body.

The carriage arrived at a stop as Wepetay alighted first. And only after he judged the safety of their surroundings did MunuBuntara get down.

Waiting at the entrance to his office was a middle-aged man who had recently reached the 2-

Life Stage, his presence vastly stronger than everyone at his level, thanks to one thing-

Wealth!

Prumace was a merchant from the Capital City who created the Gramophone, his invention receiving crazy attention in a matter of days, allowing him to amass a large fortune thanks to the sheer number of orders he obtained after his first successful demo.

He then built a massive company and expanded into various districts, soon becoming one of the biggest companies of the Varahan Empire. The wealth of the Varahan Empire was Natures, with the Yoked Wyrm's Nature of Bio-Synthesis forming the base unit of their currency.

The Banks of the Empire each controlled large Nests of Yoked Wyrms, the population of

whom indicated their disposable wealth. And it was this that they managed across the Empire, since only Natures could be used as a currency, nothing else.

Even promissory notes were illegal. Only the Banks knew the information of an individual's

wealth, the information of which was guarded behind multiple security layers, impossible to be tampered with. And accordingly, whenever someone wanted some money, they'll approach the bank, withdraw the necessary number of Natures of Bio-Synthesis and head about their daily lives.

The presence unleashed by Prumace was strong, not in quality, but in quantity. And everyone accompanying him farther behind was similar, indicating that they had arrived with as many Natures of Bio-Synthesis as their Human Avatars could hold.

"It's a pleasure meeting you, Lord MunuBuntara." Prumace made a solemn bow as he stated

his intention, "I've come here to discuss business with the Noikatol District. Do you have some free time now?"

"Of course," MunuBuntara smiled immediately, for a business opportunity would help grow

his District better, especially one with such a large merchant company, 'It seems the rumours

I heard are true.'

He thought while flashing a cordial smile towards Prumace, 'He intends to monopolise the business since the manufacturing secrets of the Gramophone have been leaked to his competitor a year ago. No wonder he's been visiting every single District. Seems it's finally

our turn.'

'The Noikatol District's value is still very low, huh?' He sighed mentally for a moment before leading Prumace to his office, "Please come with me."



Chapter 758: Leave This Old Man Alone

﻿

"What I require is simple," Prumace stared at MunuBuntara and got to the crux of his intention as he took out a small, semi-circular metal ribbon, "I wish to create this product."

"Is this a..." MunuBuntara stared at the metal ribbon before gasping in shock, "...miniature Gramophone?"

"You're correct," Prumace nodded with a smile, "I knew a man of your standing would be able to recognise it instantly. Yes, it's a miniature Gramophone, and it's what I wish to release as a collaboration with you."

"With me?" MunuBuntara was surprised for an instant before grasping what was required from his side as he pointed at the metal ribbon, "Can I inspect it once?"

"Yes," Prumace nodded, "Please feel free to look into it until you're satisfied."

"Thank you," MunuBuntara nodded and picked up the metal ribbon, noticing hemispherical discs embedded onto either end of the ribbon. He slung it on his head, noticing the two hemispherical discs align themselves onto his ears.

As his Prana flowed into it, he noticed that there was a small crank within the hemispherical disk, rotating a tiny plate. The needle pin on it produced a song similar to the Gramophone. And there were intricately lodged holes on the flat end of the hemispherical disk, allowing the sounds produced within it to travel into the eardrums of the listener.

The size of the Gramophone disk was only large enough to hold fifteen minutes of music content, which wasn't much for someone used to the large Gramophones. However, it would be useful for people to hear music with privacy.

After all, the current Gramophones, though they produced beautiful sound pieces, were loud. So they could only be used in a private setting. However, the metal ribbons could be used in a public setting too.

MunuBuntara wrapped his palm around one of the hemispherical disks, noticing that no sound leaked out thanks to the insulation provided by his fingers. He nodded and placed it on the table, staring at Prumace to say, "You need to have a designer fabric wrap for both sound insulation and to improve the feel the miniature Gramophone provides when worn overhead."

"I knew I came to the right person." Prumace broke into a smile upon hearing MunuBuntara's analysis as he nodded at the people accompanying him, saying as they walked forward, "I have enough to provide an advance sum for our cooperation. After that, for every single piece you wrap, we'll provide you a generous sum."

"My ears are open," MunuBuntara nodded as Prumace began to give all the details regarding their collaboration.

First, the item, termed a Ribbophone would be sold in various price ranges. And depending on the price, the thread used for the wrap would vary. But overall, due to its quality, Prumace wanted the thread to be primarily sourced from a Balghat.

Since MunuBuntara had both the Iron and Silver Grade variants of this Race in the Nest he controlled with exclusive rights, Prumace wanted to start with two products.

The Ribbophone made using a Balghat's wool would be sold for a price of 1000 Natures of Bio-Synthesis. The hemispherical discs were detachable, allowing one to swap around the music of their choice.

A music pack would be sold separately, which consisted of a total of twelve hemispherical discs, split between the two years for a total of six pieces of music. This was priced at 1200 Natures of Bio-Synthesis.

The Ribbophone made using the wool from a Telghat was priced a whopping fifteen times higher, a sheer premium that only the elite class could afford to buy, even in the Varahan Empire. As the Gramophone had already become a statue symbol, people would buy it desperately, irrespective of whether or not they liked music.

And Prumace knew well to feed into the ego and classicism of his customers. And for every Ribbophone they wrapped, MunuBuntara would receive 180 Natures of Bio-Synthesis, which was a whopping sum.

Considering the sheer numbers that they'll be working on, the business opportunity would create a sizeable revenue source for the Noikatol District. Moreover, it diversified their income sources, for they currently relied on only textiles.

They didn't have a monopoly in the industry. Far from it, they weren't even a market leader, despite their Suits selling like hotcakes. There were many Pranic Beasts in Sumatra whose produce could be used to make clothes.

Only something like the Suits, a revolutionary item that one could wear and remove in a second was capable of competing with an already developed market with giant players. The problem with this was the fact that the Noikatol District's weaving capabilities weren't yet on par with the market demands.

Inala's classes resulted in a large batch of skilled weavers. However, they were only able to handle Balghat wool. None of them came close to attempting on Telghat wool. Only Inala was able to handle it.

However, he was too old to do any mass production. Rather, Inala only made one Telghat Suit every two months, unable to take on any more workload. It was a source of worry for MunuBuntara, for he could feel that Inala was very old now, not having more than a year or two before he died of old age.

If at least one individual managed to obtain Inala's weaving skills, then MunuBuntara could rest easy. However, despite his best efforts, no one in his District was talented enough.

"What about the premium Ribbophone?" Prumace asked, frowning upon seeing MunuBuntara hesitate in response, "You mean...you cannot handle it?"

"No, no, you misunderstand," MunuBuntara waved his hand in a hurry, "We have enough skilled weavers who are capable enough to handle Telghat wool."

"Then, I hope you can deliver as per our demands," Prumace said and laid down the specifics of the deal, which was rather beneficial. They'll be paid 1500 Natures of Bio-Synthesis per a premium Ribbophone.

It wasn't a tenfold jump in pay as compared to the regular version, as the profits were actually lower for the premium Ribbophone due to the materials used to make the ribbon and miniature Gramophone components.

The sound quality was expected to be heavenly. As a result, the pay was 1500 Natures, which was still above the market pay associated with the necessary work.

"Here's to a happy collaboration," Prumace said and shook hands with MunuBuntara, transferring all the Natures in his Human Avatar to the latter. As an Empyrean Boar at the 3- Life Stage, MunuBuntara was able to handle such a volume.

He accepted the Natures deposited by the group of people accompanying Prumace, making a mental tally at the end to nod in response, "It's all there."n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Of course, I'm never wrong in my calculation," Prumace stated in confidence and walked

away.

'Seems I have more than enough Natures to pay the salaries of my people.' MunuBuntara thought as he watched Prumace board a luxurious carriage and sped away. He stood there in silence for a few minutes, waiting until the carriage was out of his line of sight.

Immediately after, he prompted Wepetay with a sense of urgency, "We need to visit Sir Binala."

"Yes, I've already sent a messenger to inform him in advance." Wepetay nodded, having thought of it the moment Prumace talked about premium Ribbophones. He acted upon it immediately.

The duo boarded their carriage and travelled to a decently large house situated in one of the Decodus Trees acting as a residential complex. It was in the same complex where Wepetay's family lived, signalling the status that Inala had achieved in recent times.

Wepetay's family lived on the fourth floor while Inala lived on the twentieth. The duo of Wepetay and MunuBuntara quickly arrived at the house and knocked on the door.

Had it been anyone else, MunuBuntara would have summoned them to his office. However,

the reason he couldn't that to Inala was different. Letting out a slow breath, he calmed himself and nodded at Wepetay, watching the latter knock on the door a second time.

Followed by a click, the door opened. The duo entered inside and noticed a wizened man positioned on a bed, weak. He was in the process of getting up, slow and strained. Faint sweat covered his forehead as he struggled to orient himself.

His Prana was weak, his presence feeble. MunuBuntara subconsciously glanced at the old man's palm, 'His Human Avatar has grown more fragile as compared to before.'

"Are you alright, Sir Binala?" Wepetay hurriedly arrived to assist Inala, holding the latter

with care, "Why isn't my wife here with you? I've told her to look after you."

"She has a life beyond helping this old man." Inala glared at Wepetay fiercely, "And if not for

her, I would have already died a few years ago. So, don't talk bad about her."

"I'm sorry," Wepetay apologised instinctively.

"It's alright, I know you've said in concern." Inala let out a wry smile, "I'm not senile yet."

He then stared at MunuBuntara and let out a chuckle, "My Lord, seeing that you've come all the way here, it must mean there's more work to do. But..."

"I can't," He shook his head stubbornly, "You've already worked me to the bone. I only intend

to rest. I have no intention of working anymore."

"Your skills are needed, Sir Binala." MunuBuntara said, "Our City is desperately dependent on

it for..."

"Ahh, fuck that!" Inala's voice was weak, but arrogant, "That's not something someone comfy in his grave should worry about. It won't be a surprise if I were to die tomorrow, so I

DON'T CARE!"

"But..." MunuBuntara felt angry upon hearing Inala's response, but what could he do? Punish him? Threaten to kill him? It won't work.

He could easily tell with a glance that Inala's condition had worsened and it wouldn't be a

surprise if he died the next day itself. Inala's heart had grown too weak, a result of stressful cultivation. Changing Human Avatars came at a cost, especially since his original cultivation was high before he lost his Life Stage Spirit Container to a Centinger and then switched to a

Vara Human Avatar later.

His body had taken a toll already, which made him age faster. "No buts!"

"You told me to teach others, and I've done that, exemplarily well in fact." Inala snorted with

his weak tone, coughing mid-sentence, "The first three graduate batches of mine have all the theoretical knowledge on how to handle Telghat wool, including the skills necessary to do so. They just haven't trained enough to put them to practice."

"I can't train on their behalf, can't I?" Inala said and waved his hand, "So, whatever new work

you have for me, I won't do it."

He pointed at a nearby wardrobe, "I've made a gift for you, since your coronation is due next

month. Take that and respectfully leave, please."

"This old man wishes to be alone in his final moments."



Chapter 759: Scars of Crisis

﻿

Wepetay approached the wardrobe that Inala had pointed at and opened it, gawking at the intricately designed suitcase before him. The suitcase was the transportable form for all Suits that Inala had created. Once supplied with Prana, it would envelop the user and appear as a dress, structurally compatible and functionally accentuating.

Wepetay had a Suit made using Telghat wool, his most priced possession. As a token of gratitude for having taken care of him all along, Inala had presented Wepetay such a suit. The suit was something Wepetay wore to the battlefield.

It had protected him on numerous occasions, allowing him to come out less injured than without it. Moreover, every time it was damaged, Inala repaired it. And having worn a Telghat Suit on numerous occasions, Wepetay could conclude with a glance as he touched the suitcase before him, 'It's different!'

'The quality is on a whole other level.' He expressed his shock and solemnly kneeled as he presented the suitcase to MunuBuntara, "My Lord, it's my honour to present you the greatest Suit ever made."

"I see..." MunuBuntara's eyes widened faintly before curling up in satisfaction as he stared at Inala, "So you've completed it, Sir Binala."

"It made me question life dozens of times when I worked on it." Inala yawned in exhaustion, "It would have been easy had I been at the 3-Life Stage or above, but for the current me, it was too stressful."

"I thank you for your service." MunuBuntara nodded in gratitude, "I'll be sure to let his Majesty acknowledge your skill."

"You better," Inala said without mincing his words, "That's the only reason I've broken my back to work on this. Before I die, I want the greatest existence on Sumatra to praise my weaving skill!"

"You will," MunuBuntara nodded and exited the house, saying to Wepetay once they were out of earshot, "He can at most live for three months."

Saying so, he let out a sigh, "It's unfortunate. We don't have anyone skilled enough to be his successor."

MunuBuntara stared at the suitcase he held, feeling the sheer presence emanating from it, "He has seamlessly weaved my hair into the Telghat wool to create this suit that even I can wear into battle."

A regular Telghat Suit was a powerful piece of defensive equipment for someone like Wepetay. However, MunuBuntara was a Wean Clansman, capable of turning into an Empyrean Boar, a Gold Grade existence.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The defensive strength offered by the Telghat Suit paled in comparison to his natural defences. Moreover, it might only restrict him. It was why MunuBuntara only used the Suits to attend banquets.

But the one in his possession was different. It was something he could use to fight while in human form, very valuable indeed. Moreover, Inala had created this while at the Body Stage, barely having enough Vara in his Human Avatar to store two Iron Grade Natures.

'If only he could enter the Life Stage and have a longer lifespan, he would have been able to improve his skills even better.' MunuBuntara shook his head and said in seriousness, "Who's the second most skilled weaver in our District?"

"Bring him or her to my office."

"Yes, My Lord." Wepetay nodded respectfully.

At the same time, back at Inala's house, the person in question was lying flat on his bed, sweat dripping down his forehead. He truly wasn't acting. His body was indeed at its limit, 'Even though the Spirit Container Lock has been used on me, repeatedly shattering and rebuilding my false Spirit Container has still placed enormous stress on my heart.'

That was why at the age of seventy, he was on the verge of death. His thoughts were calm as he stared at the empty room. His time at the Varahan Empire were fruitful. Whatever he had set out to achieve here had already been done. And now, all he had to do was wait until every single problem combined to become a unified whole that destroyed the Varahan Empire from within.

Prumace was just one of the many individuals who had been inspired with ingenious ideas thanks to Inala. Every single day, Inala entered the market of the Noikatol District and used the skill of Universal Slip combined with the skill of Dual Speech to impart information in their minds.

This information appeared in their dreams, inspiring the people who were able to recall bits and pieces of content. This inspiration didn't happen overnight but was the summation of bits and pieces accumulated for an extended period, spanning more than a decade.

Prumace happened to be one of the visitors of the Noikatol District long ago, before he became a large merchant. He intended to visit the Noikatol Kingdom for a holiday vacation with his family, for which he had arrived at the Noikatol District to obtain permission.

Only with MunuBuntara's administrative office permission could any citizen not part of the Noikatol District visit the Noikatol Kingdom. The tourism fees were given to the Noikatol District.

The process was the same to every single Kingdom controlled by the respective District in the Varahan Empire. Prumace stayed in the Noikatol District for only two days, following which he gained the permit to enter the Noikatol Kingdom with his family.

During his daily outings, Inala noticed Prumace, observing that the latter was an observant individual, sporting the characteristics of a merchant. With the sheer volume of data in his possession, Inala could relate with it and come to an immediately conclusion.

Feeling that Prumace could take advantage of it, Inala casually accompanied the latter's group in their trip to the Noikatol Kingdom. They never even interacted, as Inala was just one of the many passengers making the journey.

But throughout Prumace's time at the Noikatol Kingdom, he was constantly targeted by Inala's Skill of Universal Slip and Dual Speech. Prumace had countless dreams during the trip, but he never acted upon them.

He had a comfortable job that paid a lot, enough for him to take a luxurious trip every year. So, even after he returned from the trip to the Noikatol Kingdom, nothing changed. In his mind were a few interesting ideas, but he didn't seem to care.

Inala had judged this initiative a failure, which wasn't the first time it happened. Just because someone had an interesting idea didn't mean they would act on them. They needed the motive and desire to harness the idea into something tangible.

This motive appeared two years later, when Prumace and his family had to experience a Minor Crisis in the Kingdom they had visited for vacation that year. Though they survived the Minor Crisis, Prumace's two children were traumatised, which had paralysed their legs.

Unlike other Free Humans who simply got back to their feet as long as they were alive, happy to have survived, Prumace's kids were born in the Varahan Empire, in a region of safety and abundance. They had never had to stare death in the face and hence, the first time they did traumatised them.

A Pranic Beast had chopped off their legs. This wasn't a cause for concern as even though they were at the Spirit Stage, they had a decent amount of Prana, which meant their legs would regrow eventually.

Moreover, Prumace had enough savings to purchase Elixirs to speed up the process, which he did. However, even after the legs healed, his children could never walk, for in their minds, their legs had been eaten by a Pranic Beast.

The trauma paralysed them, which served as a strong motivation for him. He created the Gramophone and used all his connections to find the individual most talented in the field of music to record a piece, which was labelled 'Scars of Crisis!'

This piece of music was what allowed his children to face their fears and embrace the courage necessary to begin walking once again. It took time, spanning months. But the music resonated with their feelings, as Prumace commissioned the artist to compose one talking about his family's experiences.

As his children recovered and could assume daily life once again, the story resonated with a

lot of people who wanted to listen to Scars of Crisis too. At that time, Prumace wasn't even thinking of monetising it, since his objective was his children being able to walk once again.

But once things had settled, and Prumace spent some time thinking, he decided to set up the Prumace Merchant Company. His story garnered a lot of attention, resulting in a strong opening sale. The Gramophone became a hit and the rest was history.

Prumace was one of the biggest examples. There were hundreds of other examples with

varying levels of success, often small than big. And these success stories were a mere hundredth of everyone Inala tried his luck with.

MunuBuntara tried everything in his power to expand the influence of his District through

tourism, which indeed worked, not to the extent he wanted, but to a decent level. It allowed Inala to comes across a lot of interesting individuals, with all of whom he attempted.

'I've done everything I could.' Inala closed his eyes and let out a wheezed breath. Prana steadily flowed out of his being and entered a piece of cloth strewn about in a nearby room. It was in the shape of a cylinder, created using Balghat wool.

Once his Prana entered it, the cylinder was activated, revealing two corked strings that unfurled themselves at terrifying speeds. The tension spun the two strings that increased in length as they rotated, slowly lifting the rest of the cylinder once they had expanded to a

suitable length.

Pat! Pa-tat! Patapat!

Crisp footsteps resounded in the room as a young man walked out from the nearby room and approached Inala, staring down at him in silence. No words were exchanged. Rather, they

weren't necessary. The individual was just another him after all.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast-Royal Zinger!

"I feared you might implode..." The old Inala said as he stared at his young self, one

brimming with vitality, his appearance in his prime, "Man...I did look hella handsome when I

was young."

"The Spirit Container Lock will shatter and leak your real Prana once you die. So..." The Royal

Zinger tapped the old Inala's chest once as a spark flickered inside and extracted the Spirit Container, "So, I'll be taking this with me."

"You've taken everything from me...right?" The old Inala asked, "Everything I experienced... especially the sense of weakness and helplessness I endured daily..."

The old Inala stopped speaking, letting out a smile upon seeing the arrogance in the Royal Zinger dissipate, replaced by a pair of eyes resembling his. "Thank goodness..."

"You're ready now, my younger self." The old Inala said and closed his eyes, shedding a tear,

"I leave everything to you now."

"Butcher the pig that dared kill our brother."



Chapter 760: Inala's Funeral

﻿

"Allocate more funds to this Nest," MunuBuntara signed the document in an Information Slip, "And organise a Raid team to target the home of this Pranic Beast. We need to capture more of their kind..."n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Bang!

The door slammed open as Wepetay hurried in, his eyes moist as he shouted, "My Lord!"

"...Shit!" MunuBuntara didn't even need to hear the report to know what had happened. There was only one reason Wepetay was both sad and in a state of loss. "I'm coming!"

The duo boarded the carriage and hurried to the same residential complex as the previous day, seeing Wepetay's children standing at the entrance of Inala's house, weeping silently.

MunuBuntara entered the house and halted in shock, staring at the picturesque face of Inala who had passed away in peace. Seated nearby and silently shedding tears was Stalahh, Wepetay's wife, the woman who had taken care of Inala the past decade, treating the latter no different to her father.

Her father died when she was young while her mother stubbornly refused to come to the Varahan Empire, intending to spend the rest of her life at their Kingdom, waiting for the day she could reunite with her husband.

And a few years after Stalahh and Wepetay arrived at the Varahan Empire and were take under MunuBuntara's fold, her mother died.

Subconsciously, she came to treat Inala as her dad, for they were both pretty similar. The way she treated Inala caused her children to open up to him, taking in him as the grandfather they never had. He did tell them interesting stories daily, so they bonded with him easily.

"This...is too soon." Stalahh wiped her tears, her figure trembling as she hiccupped, "I took care of him well. I was sure he'll be with us for another year or two!"

"This was too sudden!" She sobbed, staring at Wepetay, "He died in his sleep..."

"I understand," Wepetay consoled his wife, fighting back his tears, for he considered Inala his mentor figure.

A minute later, Stalahh stared at MunuBuntara, "My Lord, I wish to honour his funeral as my father."

"Hmm, okay." MunuBuntara had no reason to refuse. However, his thoughts were elsewhere, sighing as he thought of the suitcase he received yesterday, 'It seems he was waiting until he completed his masterpiece and handed it over to me. Had I come later to receive it, would he... have lived longer?'

But his coronation ceremony was a month away. And for that, he would have to depart in a week. So, the most he could have delayed receiving the suit was until then, 'But that was beyond my expectations.'

He judged that Inala still had three more months based on the state of the latter's Human Avatar, 'However, if he lost the will to live, then it's not a surprise he died in his sleep.'

But just to be doubly sure, MunuBuntara placed his hand on Inala's cold corpse and poured his Prana inside, ensuring that Inala had indeed died a natural death and hadn't been killed by anyone else. Soon, he concluded, 'It's indeed a natural death.'

The next day, a funeral had been conducted, with a small crowd marching towards the nearby crematorium to cremate Inala's corpse. The crowd consisted of Wepetay's family and a portion of the weavers taught by Inala.

'Not everyone came?' Anger surged through him as Wepetay stared at the crowd that had gathered, silently making a note of those that hadn't arrived for the funeral. He didn't state anything else but already decided to suppress the careers of those that didn't have respect for their teacher.

"Hic!" Stalahh collapsed to the floor upon seeing Inala's corpse being burned into ashes in the crematorium. Wepetay supported her, but his hands trembled. His mentor figure was no more. Now, he had no one else he could consult and be offered either words of wisdom or be chided for his foolishness.

Hovering a kilometre in the sky was Inala, his figure undetectable to everyone else. After all, moments before the old Inala died, he caused another container of wool to take flight, which allowed him to teleport next to it with the power of the Major Treasure of Flight.

Inala didn't erase it and instead used the provided cover to safely fly over the Varahan Empire. His cover will be blown the moment he takes action. But that meant that as long as he doesn't use his Prana, he could remain hidden for as long as possible.

The Major Treasure of Hidden Eye used the influence it generated as fuel to take action. It was pretty exhaustive and hence, even if he wanted, Inala couldn't maintain the state for long. He'd be wasting a Bolt of Transcendence worth of Prana every single day to remain undetectable to basically every single existence apart from the container of wool he'd come to

erase.

As it was a power playing around in the domain of cause and effect, the costs were steep.

He observed the way Stalahh, Wepetay, and their kids mourn for him, truly from the heart, turning him emotional for he now carried all the emotions from his old self, one that grounded him to reality and erased the God Complex that he possessed.

The God Complex was minute, a far cry from what Brangara had, as Inala maintained himself at the Silver Grade. It was a far cry from what he would have had he maintained himself at the Mystic Grade. However, Inala wanted to erase even that tiny fraction, which his old self's

experience did.

As Inala stared at the small crowd, he noticed figures popping up from far away Decodus Trees, their presence masked to the limit using the influence generated by a combination of Natures in their Vara Human Avatars.

Slowly, they were closing in on the crematorium, their target MunuBuntara. One of the people given ideas by Inala was a radical individual who believed that if someone with a Vara Human Avatar were to consume the body of an Empyrean Boar, they'd gain the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature.

Actually, it was the truth. However, it wasn't easy to achieve it. One needed to consume an Empyrean Boar body every day and maintain it anywhere from ten days to a few months before they obtain the Secondary Nature.

Depending on their talent and affinity, they'll gain the Secondary Nature quickly. But this Voracious Nature was only at the Silver Grade and only allowed them to gain the Natures of existence with Iron and Silver Grade strength upon consumption.

But that itself was amazing, as it meant they could live anywhere on Sumatra as they pleased, becoming a powerful predator.

Every idea of Inala was geared towards the destruction of the Wean Clan. Prumace's idea was subconsciously achieved in such a way that any method he has conceptualised to record music, there would be a set of words engraved that can only be heard by Zingers.

It's like someone learning mathematics. Addition, subtraction, multiplication division are

the actual basics and formed the core of mathematics. Similarly, there were core pillars that formed a Gramophone. Inala simply changed addition a little bit such that it didn't affect the mathematics of a Gramophone, but still resulted in the Zinger voice being added to certain pieces of melody.

And for the Free Humans who have consumed the bodies of Empyrean Boars and gained the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature, the side effects of the Empyrean Boar race kicked in, making them acquire a taste for Empyrean Boar meat.

That meant they would wish to capture a Wean Clansman for two reasons. First was to constantly make them create new bodies for them and their members to consume daily to obtain the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature.

And second was to feast upon Empyrean Boar meat daily. This was enough reason to turn them into a fearsome terrorist organisation that tried to consume the Varahan Empire's foundations from within.

The headquarters of this terrorist organisation was based in a far away District. They typically targeted young Wean Clansmen, diverting most of the Peace Keeper force's attention.

Usually, the terrorists didn't operate in a far away district like the Noikatol District, as it was hard to escape from a place with only two railway lines. However, their spy network detected the MunuBuntara wasn't protected as much as usual in the funeral, as he was also part of the crowd to show respect to Inala, someone who had contributed a lot to his District's growth.

The group intending to target MunuBuntara numbered forty, their actions stealthy as they gradually approached the crematorium. Inala observed them in closeup and noticed the small number of guards accompanying MunuBuntara, comparing the two sides, 'These terrorists have a better combination of Natures.'

'Similar to how Brangara achieved a passive effect of Subtle Terrain Domination, they have

managed to figure out one too.' Inala frowned in thought, 'Without something like the Astral Chart, it's impossible to affix the location of the Natures in a respective spot. It's like creating a digital circuit in a computer chip. The slightest motion and the effect won't be produced.'

'Even Brangara only managed to figure it out thanks to the sheer level of control and authority Astral World grants him over the Natures in his possession.' Inala was surprised the more he observed the terrorists, for his old self had only sowed the seeds of chaos and hadn't witnessed the growth of such seeds.

"But...let's not do it today." Inala muttered as he stared at Stalahh weeping in loss, "I don't care if MunuBuntara alone is killed, but I can't stand that family coming to harm."

"Let's not become an absolute monster," He let out a slow sigh, "Only for the family that

truly cared about me."

"W-who?" One of the terrorists trembled in fear as he turned around and noticed a figure calmly standing behind him.

"Yo!" Inala smiled cheerfully as an instant later, all forty terrorists vanished. A Biome Bomb

appeared and hung at the side of his hip as Inala threw a woollen piece of cylinder far away. It slammed into a tree and unfurled itself, with its threads spinning in the right direction that gave it a lift.

A second later, Inala appeared beside it, as the power of the Major Treasure of Flight took effect once again, giving him absolute invisibility. He took to the skies once again and raced in a particular direction while he gathered all the data from the captured terrorists, "That way, huh?"



