Chapter 491 An Unruly Crowd

?"Oh, you sweet berry, let big sister pinch you!" The 1st Empyrean Tusk in human form, Vhalla was a giant who surpassed two metres in height. Her ivory hair reached her ankles, appearing like a waterfall, smooth to the touch, enough for the air to glide across and cause ripples.

Her face sported mild wrinkles, especially around the eyes and forehead, showing that she was a middle-aged woman. Currently, this woman had embraced Inala with a bear hug and was tickling the latter nonstop, "Just a little, alright? Just a little."

"You…are already doing it!" Inala shouted, feeling his cheeks getting stretched as Vhalla pulled them, teasing him while enjoying his reactions, akin to an adult having fun with a newborn.

"My, oh my, how are you so cute?" Vhalla squealed as she ruffled his hair.

"Don't hog the cutie all to yourself, Vhalla." The 2nd Empyrean Tusk, Rhanalla interjected and snatched Inala from Vhalla's hold. She then took out a batch of clothes from who knows where and started a fashion show using Inala.

"Cuteee!!!" The 5th Empyrean Tusk, Nitalla cheered upon seeing Inala in the Brimgan Empire's clothing style.

"Do the Rumtara Kingdom's style next." Originally the 1st Empyrean Tusk of their—smaller—herd and now the 10th Empyrean Tusk after the merger, Wrunnala applauded as she brought snacks for the Empyrean Tusks to eat and watch the show.

"I'm telling you, I'm a researcher, not a singer!" On the side, Grehha was in a similar situation, being coerced by a group of Empyrean Tusks that teased him similar to Inala.

"Look at your big muscles!" The 11th Empyrean Tusk, Meshlla dangled from Grehha's outstretched arms and exclaimed, "Aren't you a strong cutie? Sing for big sister!"

'You're like a dozen centuries older than me.' Grehha thought in fluster and faced Inala to ask for help, only to see him being ganged upon by a group of curious Empyrean Tusks that forced him into a fashion show for their entertainment.

It only took Grehha an instant to calculate that his condition was relatively better. And hence, in order to reduce the pressure on him, he had no other choice but to betray Inala, shouting in response, "Inala can paint and sculpt! He's an artist!"

"Ooh, is he?" Meshlla stared at Inala in interest as she took a seat on Grehha's wide shoulders, acting like she was deep in thought before she lost interest and began playing with his hair, "Cutie Grehha, I want to hear you sing! Sing for big sister!"

"Hahaha! Look at this cutie! He dances so well!" The 17th Empyrean Tusk, Fualla patted her thigh aloud as she and a group of Empyrean Tusks took a seat in a circle, at he centre of which was a crying Blola who was forced to dance.

Whatever moves they wanted him to do were fed to him through a Bone Slip. As a result, he couldn't use the excuse of not knowing any steps to flee. Besides, fleeing wasn't an option here.

All Empyrean Tusks had been living as Pranic Beasts, unable to physically do anything other than continue about in their hundred-year path. Despite being capable of everything, they could do nothing, for their actions had serious consequences.

If an Empyrean Tusk were to run, the entire region would experience an earthquake, resulting in the death of tens of thousands of creatures living there. If the Empyrean Tusk were to laugh aloud, the generated thunderclap would cause all living creatures to go deaf in response.

And if any unfortunate soul were too close by, the shockwaves might even rupture their body. As a result of the consequences, all Empyrean Tusks lived their lives while exercising restraint using their Primary Nature as best as they could, trying their best to limit the impact they had on the environment.

All their lives, for countless centuries, from predecessors to successors, all Empyrean Tusks had been living repressed lives. And in their omniscient perspective, they never thought of anything else, for that just didn't seem realistic.

But everything changed once Gannala unleashed the effects of the Nature of Cultivator, allowing the Empyrean Tusks to assume human form, taking on appearances that they had during the few years following their birth.

In their human forms, having sent the entirety of their immune system into their biomes, the omniscient perspective of the Empyrean Tusks was suppressed a little, allowing their true characters to surface.

And now, finally, with a tiny body that didn't destroy the region while moving, they could truly run around and play without worries. Obviously, they wanted to have fun and targeted the individuals who had contributed significantly to the Mammoth Clan.

As Inala's contribution was the highest, he was the most smothered by the Empyrean Tusks, treated as an irresistibly cute baby by these Deities that squealed at every expression he made. To them, he truly was no different from a newborn brat.

And hence, even when Inala shouted in annoyance, they simply laughed in response and continued to do whatever they pleased with him.

Following Inala was Grehha, having the second-largest crowd of Empyrean Tusks playing around with him. In the end, he was forced to sing while cooking up a feast in a set of clothes worn by babies just learning to walk. As to how the situation had progressed to such an extent, he didn't know, performing actions in a daze as his shoes were the squeaky kind, making sounds with every step he took.

"Me! Me! Me! I'm next!" The 8th Empyrean Tusk, Trulla, sporting shoulder-length hair that stood up like spikes snatched Raaha from the 7th Empyrean Tusk and used his body as a dumbbell to exercise, "I can lift up the Chief better than you."

"I…am the Chief!" Raaha protested but his words fell on deaf ears as the Empyrean Tusks fought to grab him and use him as a weight lifting tool.

"Weren't you very authoritative in the past? Here, let me flip you like a leaf." The 8th Empyrean Tusk began to spin Raaha, laughing cheerfully as she watched his face flush red in response to the twirling speed.

The group of Empyrean Tusks surrounding Raaha didn't treat him as a child like they did towards Inala. No, their ages were pretty similar, with some of them actually being younger than Raaha. They were simply venting on him, taking advantage of the moment to mess with him. Basically, they had ganged up to bully him.

"Help me…Aunt!" Raaha shouted at the 1st Empyrean Tusk eventually, unable to handle being turned into a spinning toy.

"Oh, you finally remember that I'm your aunt." The 1st Empyrean Tusk Vhalla stared at Raaha for a moment before choosing to ignore him. Instead, she focused her attention on Inala and sneakily brought out a frock.

Inala's eyes widened in response as he resisted fiercely, "No way! Nope! Don't bring that here!"

"Just once, cutie!" Vhalla pouted, acting like she was hurt as she approached him.

"I'm a man!" Inala roared.

"Gender doesn't matter for newborns. Come, let me dress you up nicely now." Vhalla inched towards him while Rhanalla approached him from behind, taking out a battle armour from some ancient era, intending to make him wear it.

"Seriously? You want him to wear that?" Vhalla glared at Rhanalla, "He's just a child, dumbass! Don't put a freaking armour on him!"

"You're the dumbass!" Rhanalla glared at Vhalla, "He'll obviously look cuter in an armour than that dress. I have cuter dresses in my collection, but you picked the one with the most horrible design and colour."

"You clearly have no idea what you're talking about."

"I do, unlike you. Your brain rotted after carrying the Mammoth Treasury for so long."

"Is that so? Want to check?"

"Who's afraid? Let's go!"

Vhalla and Rhanalla began to fight. Taking advantage of the situation, the 5th Empyrean Tusk, Nitalla draped the clothes of her preference on Inala.

"Hey, not fair. It was my turn now!" Vhalla noticed Nitalla's actions and punched her, resulting in a shockwave.

"It's been a while since we fought." Nitalla grinned as she shrugged off the punch like it was a mere tap and joined the fight too.

"Who's the baddie? You? Me? Hahaha!" At the side, the 62nd Empyrean Tusk was chasing after a Silver Grade Pranic Beast that was fleeing for life, harassing the latter by constantly disappearing and reappearing on its forehead.

"I can juggle this with my toes." Proclaiming as such, the 84th Empyrean Tusk compressed a group of trees into large spheres and kicked them into the air, juggling them expertly.

"Yipeee!" The 99th Empyrean Tusk was simply digging towards the rear, using a tiny shovel made out of wood. She scooped out a pile of mud using the shovel, compressed it into a ball, and slammed it into the face of another Empyrean Tusk who just gained her human form. The latter retaliated promptly.

The Empyrean Tusks were running around the place, out of control, doing everything they wanted to do but couldn't for so long. But forming a sharp contrast, seated behind a tree far away from everything was Yennda, his expression dark, his shoulders slumped.

He hardly reacted to anything the Empyrean Tusks did to him, and as a result, bored them. When their attention shifted to other, interesting things, he slipped away. "Haah…I'm tired."

Right as he exhaled in exhaustion, his body tensed up as he heard the sounds of footsteps, following which a voice resounded from proximity, originating from a woman who seemed to have just crossed her teenage years, "Is that you…"

"Dad?"



Chapter 492 A Chat Between Sisters

﻿﻿"Is that you…Dad?" Harrala approached the tree Yennda had slumped upon, asking as she stared at his back.

It felt like he had been electrocuted upon hearing her voice. Yennda was unable to react as he watched Harrala slowly come into his line of sight. She was nervous, sad, afraid, and slightly hopeful. Her body trembled subtly as she didn't know how the interaction would go.

"You're…Harrala." That was all Yennda was able to utter, turning silent as he stared at the woman before him. He stared at her and she stared at him. There was an awkward silence in the place, one that was disturbed a couple minutes later by his statement, "You look just like her."

"Like Yuza."

"Dad…Can I call you that?" Harrala asked hesitantly, feeling her thumping heart almost reach her throat. For almost two decades, she had never managed to even glance at Yennda. He was the sole individual her omniscient perspective was suppressed against, allowing her to just be a normal girl before her father.

"I'm not worthy of that title," Yennda said and stared at her, feeling difficulty in maintaining eye contact, "But if you want, you can call me that."

"Then…Dad," Harrala stressed on the word, not knowing when she could utter that word again, "Why haven't you come to see me, Dad?"

"What can I do even if I come see you?" Yennda chuckled helplessly as he tapped the tree he had leaned against, causing it to turn into mush in a matter of seconds, "I'm the personification of toxicity. I'll do you more harm than good by being near you."

"And if I manage to get the Attribute, then no one would be able to enter my Spirit Range without mutating into grotesque monstrosities."

"Do you…want to be alone?" Harrala tried her best to ignore all the cues, for the first time cursing her intelligence. Unfortunately, her Empyrean Tusk brain pieced together all of Yennda's body language, actions, and choice of words, allowing her to understand that Yennda didn't want to see her.

And then, came the critical strike as Yennda's words resounded. Though it was an utter from his side, it felt like it was a thunderclap, reverberating loud and clear in her ears, the words echoing in her mind, "Yes."

"Leave me alone."

"…" Harrala didn't say anything else and turned around, silently walking away, her footsteps silent, and her face stoic. Though, once she had come far away, her visage crumbled. Tears streamed out of her eyes profusely as Harrala lost strength in her legs, slumping to the ground. "Why…"

She wanted to force her way into Yennda's life and spend some time with her father. Originally, she assumed that Yennda was simply refused to meet up with her by Yahard Tusk, since Yennda was from another Settlement.

But there was no such memory in Yahard Tusk. So, she thought Yennda was unable to see her because he was constantly being chucked into the most dangerous of regions. She thought…she thought he was a pitiful individual who, despite wishing to see his kid, was unable to, because of the Mammoth Clan Chief's orders.

No matter what she saw and heard, Harrala tried to delude herself into believing that Yennda cared about her but was unable to show it due to the circumstances revolving around him. But that short interaction grandly shattered all the delusions she had built up over the past nineteen years.

The tinge of hope she had was brutally snuffed out. Even though she didn't want to admit it, as an Empyrean Tusk, having been reading the memories of all Mammoth Clansmen part of her Settlement, Harrala could easily judge someone.

And irrespective of how much she wanted to refute it, she was unable to. Yennda…wanted nothing to do with her. His gaze, when pointed towards was devoid of love, affection, or anything of the sort. There was just…detachment, a repulsiveness born out of fear.

That was the extent of emotions Yennda had towards her. And she could feel it transparently that Yennda had never thought about her. She never had a place in his heart or mind.

"Ahhhh…" Harrala covered her mouth and sobbed in silence, unwilling to dampen the happy mood of the other Empyrean Tusks that were finally able to run around as they pleased in human forms. As she continued to cry, a hand gently appeared on her shoulder as she was embraced in a hug.

Harrala knew who it was without even staring at the latter, "Gannala…"

"It's alright, I'm here for you, always." Her eyes moist, Gannala hugged Harrala, "I, your sister, will be by your side."

"You…can't understand my situation," Harrala sobbed, "My Dad despises me."

"Heh, that's not a surprise." Gannala smiled wryly, "Mine wanted to kill me at the start."

"Are you…serious?" Harrala's eyes widened in shock, "Inala did that? How? He doesn't strike me as such an individual?"

"He was conflicted, but was also brimming with rage." Gannala continued to speak, "My existence threw all his plans in the trash and forced monumental responsibilities on him. He had merely reached the Body stage back then, but had to worry about being chased by the Boar King."

"He was forced to live in hiding and focus every second of his being to think of a way to survive the situation." She smiled wryly, "And the stress related to all was directed towards me. He never expressed it directly, but had bottled them up in his mind."

"If I couldn't read his memories, I wouldn't have known much." Gannala's eyes turned moist, "Until we left the Sanrey Plains, I was merely his responsibility, since his Settlement would be doomed without me. Practically, he did everything a father figure would have done, but emotionally wasn't there for me."

"Asaeya was the one who took care of me." She stared at Harrala, "You should have read her memories."

"Yes," Harrala nodded, "I did notice that you spent most of your time with Asaeya. But I never expected Inala to be…as you said."

"It took him a while before he began to treat me as a daughter. Even now, even though I read all his memories, I'm not sure if he loves me as a father from the bottom of his heart." Gannala sighed, "If Asaeya were to have his child, I'm damn sure he or she'll easily become the apple of Inala's eyes. After all, unlike me, this child was someone Inala wanted to have."

There was silence between the two after that as Gannala began to speak once again, "Similarly, Yennda had a child on Earth. His family abandoned him. And that affected him psychologically. He wasn't even that boring, to be very frank with you, but was gaslighted into believing that he was the most boring individual in the world, because the woman smitten with him came to despise him shortly into marriage."

"His kids too started to hate him. Though, if I'm being honest, that woman was the one with a problem. She pursued Yennda relentlessly and was also the one to abandon him." Gannala began to speak as she shared Yennda's past with Harrala through a Bone Slip, "The scars from that incident have been etched permanently in his mind. After coming here, he wanted to let go of everything and change."

"But the approach he used for that was the complete opposite and took advantage of Yuza for his plans. In the end, Grehha stopped his plans and saved Yuza." Gannala concluded as she stared at Harrala who managed to comprehend all the memories related to the incident.

As Gannala had the memories of both Grehha and Yennda, she was able to send in all the details to Harrala, using it to allow the latter to have a complete understanding of the picture.

"Since he failed once, he assumed he was a good for nothing and since then has avoided everyone." Harrala said, focusing on one interaction between Yennda and Virala as she was pleasantly surprised, "Dad…wants to change. It's why he collaborated with Virala."

"He does," Gannala nodded, "So, what do you want to do, Harrala?"

"Give up on him? Or try again?"

"I won't give up," Harrala clenched her hand into a fist, "He hasn't given up on me either, but is too damn afraid to approach me. His scars are the issue."

"You won't hold him accountable for what he did to Yuza?" Gannala asked next.

"I will, but he's my family." Harrala expressed longing, "Even if I were to scold him, I want to do it as his daughter and not Harrala."

"There you have it." Gannala smiled as she patted Harrala, "It won't be easy, considering the circumstances of all seven Mystic Paths and the influences they are subjected towards."

"Our mothers are dead and we're only left with our fathers. So, we can only try to improve our relationship over time." Gannala laughed as she hugged Harrala tight, "Inala came around eventually. I'm sure Yennda will do so too. Never give up, alright?"

"As Mystic Path inheritors, we're guaranteed to reach the Mystic Grade and fight the Boar King in the future. So, let's try our damn best to have a loving family so that we have no regrets, even if we're killed by our enemy." Gannala held Harrala's trembling hands. The duo locked eyes and firmed their minds, vowing to exert all effort to create a desirable future.



Chapter 493 This Doesn’t Sit Well With Me

?It took an entire month for the Empyrean Tusks to calm down from their fervour, finally able to behave normally.

"Why the heck are you bearing the entirety of the mental load from your biome with your mind?" Vhalla chided Inala upon inspecting the latter's stomach biome, "No wonder you're mad for a few hours every day. This is just stupid."

She then glared at Gannala, "Did you learn nothing from the Supreme Tusk? How come you didn't even teach him the basics of maintaining a biome?"

"I did," Gannala replied in a hurry, "But Dad's mind is unable to handle the processing power necessary for that. He's only in the Silver Grade. So, I had to improvise."

"This is the problem with talented brats that are born with an abundance." Vhalla commented as she summoned Rhanalla, "You're the best in this category. Help Inala's stomach biome."

"Sure," Rhanalla nodded and motioned for Inala to open his mouth, sending a stream of Prana down his food pipe following that. Rhanalla was born with the highest amount of defects possible, with the majority of them concerning the creation of biomes.

As a result, she lacked the brainpower and mental capacity necessary to maintain her biomes, often causing there to be a shortage of resources for her Settlement. Over time, she figured out ways to transfer the load to her spine, cause Prana concentrations in organs to the extent they gained mild sentience, etc.

The mild sentience in the organs allowed them to think related to the biomes in them, as a result reducing the physical and mental strain on the Empyrean Tusk's brain. Rhanalla even managed to modify the Bone Slip Skill to create a mental hub in her bones and connect them to her biomes.

As a result, her skeleton acted as an extension of her brain, performing the simplest of tasks that could be automated, for they necessitated a fixed response every single time. Over the centuries, Rhanalla developed in this aspect, creating a complex network in her body that had resulted in such a synergetic effect that her Nature became strengthened in response.

By the time she had completed the network, Rhanalla became the 2nd Empyrean Tusk. Every single Empyrean Tusk had a story to tell, having focused on the means to offset the damage resulting from defective genes.

Rhanalla was the most experienced person who could solve Inala's issues. Once she took action, teaching him a variety of things, Inala noticed that the amount of time he would remain mad every day continued to steadily decrease.

'Indeed, this is a wealth of experience that cannot be replaced by anything else.' Inala thought, in awe of Rhanalla as the latter solved in a matter of hours an issue that he was unable to solve for years.

Every single Empyrean Tusk was a pioneer in some field. By constantly absorbing the thoughts, memories, and ideas of the Mammoth Clan part of their immune system, the Empyrean Tusks performed a variety of research and developed Mystic Bone Art, perfecting over time creative means to use it.

Even though there were thousands of races on Sumatra with Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, only two races were worshipped as Deities. There was a valid reason for that. And today, Inala obtained an even clearer picture.

Once the Empyrean Tusks stopped messing around and noticed the issues in Inala, they managed to spontaneously come up with solutions. Two days later, Inala was able to keep his Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System active without being influenced completely. He was still capable of rational thoughts in such a state, which came as a surprise.

'The current me can fight on my own for the Attribute.' He thought in shock. Originally, he planned to rely completely on Wittral for his female body and Asaeya for his male body. But his present state meant that he could actually approach Amita in his Spirit Weapon range and not lose his mind in the process.

This was the extent of development he experienced in a couple of days, thanks to the Empyrean Tusks who assisted him.

"Now!" Rhanalla slung her hand around Inala's shoulder and pulled him closer, "You know what to do next, right?"

"I thank you…big sister!" Inala said, watching Rhanalla's face beam in response.

"Cutieee!" Rhanalla grabbed Inala and twirled around, "You're the cutest!"

Currently, they were moving as a group across the wilds, appearing as mere flashes to the eyes of the local Pranic Beasts.

In the centre was Raaha, unleashing a mist that covered the group. The mist was capable of blocking out sight, sound, and Prana detection methods from the outside. But for their group, everything remained clear. They could see their surroundings, hear everything that was happening around them, etc.

The mist only targeted external parties. And as Raaha was at the 10-Life Stage, his effective Spirit Weapon range surpassed a kilometre, forming a large enough region where the Empyrean Tusks could roam around freely.

"You're slow, muscly cutie!" Fualla stared at Grehha and pinched his biceps, "How come you're this bad at using Internal Inertial Gravity? You're worse than what I could do when I was two days old."

She began to instruct Grehha on ways to improve his usage of Internal Inertial Gravity, watching him pick up her insights quickly, "You're a good learner. Were you this bad just because you holed yourself up in creating the Bone Vipers?"

"No, I was still practicing." Grehha smiled wryly. Even though he had Internal Inertial Gravity, he had to figure out the ways to use it based on his knowledge of Sumatra Chronicles, some level of input from Resha, and experiment through the rest.

Even though his usage of Internal Inertial Gravity was very potent, enough for him to fight against Brimgan Royals without issues, before an Empyrean Tusk who was born to wield this power, he was nothing.

In the centre was Raaha, carried by Nitalla for he was too slow in comparison to them. Spread apart from his position were the Empyrean Tusks, their figures a flicker as they covered forty to fifty metres casually with every jump, hardly leaving behind any trace or footprint.

Since Inala and Grehha had Internal Inertial Gravity, they were made to run alongside the Empyrean Tusks and given pointers to improve on their usage of the Nature. Blola and Yennda were carried by Trulla, the 8th Empyrean Tusk.

Whenever they wanted to rest and replenish their Prana, Trulla placed Blola in a nutrient-rich spot, watching him become a Transcendent Eater and supply everyone with Parute Fruits. Since in human forms, they didn't need much Prana to maintain their bodies, all Empyrean Tusks managed to conserve their resources.

As they travelled, they consumed resources from other regions and managed to steadily increase the accumulation in their biomes. With minimal consumption, their savings ballooned, which made them appreciate Gannala further, for this wouldn't have been possible without her Secondary Nature of Weaponisation.

"The Supreme Tusk Gannala is something else," Vhalla approached Raaha as she observed Inala and Grehha, "As long as those with the Fragment Disease from her immune system consume the blood of an Empyrean Tusk, they'll gain Internal Inertial Gravity."

"If only our herd wasn't broken up," She sighed, "We could have had more Mammoth Clansmen with Internal Inertial Gravity."

"But this isn't too bad either." Raaha smiled, "The Supreme Tusk's successor has allowed the Mammoth Clan to move discretely like this while conserving resources. And can also equip Natures onto everyone. The strategic value of this far surpasses everything else."

"You're right." Vhalla laughed cheerfully, "Not only will the Mammoth Clan attain the Mystic Grade seven times, but all seven will be unique paths."

"It's indeed unprecedented." Raaha sighed, "But I don't like it when you Deities give a free pass for all their actions. The death of two Empyrean Tusks and the loss of all the Mammoth Clan's resources is also attributed to them…"

"You see," Vhalla said, motioning towards Raaha with her eye. Once the latter strengthened the layer of mist around the duo, ensuring their conversation would remain audible only to the two of them, she continued, "When I was playing around with the Mystic Paths, I inspected the state of their minds."

"The stress levels of Inala and Grehha have long since exceeded their capabilities. They have been heavily abusing their mental prowess with no regard for conservation. At this rate, it's just a matter of time before their mind collapses and they become retards." She spoke solemnly, "Blola and Yennda are on the verge of reaching the same state too."

"Only I can kill the Boar King. Once I get that Major Treasure, my endgame build will be complete. And then, I can face him at his full power." She said, "A reckless thought process. But for some reason, this thought has been buried in the depths of the minds of all four. All I managed to do was detect it. I'm afraid no one can erase or modify them. There's just one guy who can do something like this."

"Renduldu," Raaha spoke in seriousness.

"Yup, and the Mammoth Ancestor seems to be on it too. Whenever her Transcendent World appears, I notice her paying special attention to Resha." Vhalla sighed as she stared at Inala and the other three Mystic Paths in pity, "This is too much burden for such cute kids to bear at a young age. They're being influenced beyond their fracture point."

"The Boar King is our opponent. It's our job to kill him." She shook her head, "I would have been fine if they wanted to fight the Boar King after becoming adults, but they're mere children now."

"This doesn't sit well with me."



Chapter 494 Absolute Support from 106 Deities

﻿﻿"Yes, do it just like that." Rhanalla cheered as she ran beside Inala, "See, you've become a lot faster in this short period. Keep this up for the remaining months and you'll be ready to obtain the Attribute."

"I'll work hard, big sister." Inala nodded and continued to apply everything told to him by Rhanalla, noticing that his usage of Internal Inertial Gravity had improved to a tremendous extent. Each of his leaps covered fifty metres, easily surpassing the Resha of Sumatra Chronicles.

His steps didn't register any footprints on the ground, his actions silent, and best of all, he was able to attack without moving his body. By standing at a spot, he would first turn himself weightless, following which he would raise his body weight at a pace that naturally aligned with the resonant frequency of the ground.

Hence, his increase in density would cause his body to press onto the ground with enough force that a powerful quake would be generated. Best of all, he didn't have to move the slightest to generate it.

This wasn't just useful to unleash a powerful attack, but it could also act as a SONAR, allowing him to perceive activity in the ground. Prana was a healing type of energy, with its pivotal aspect lying in its recovery aspects.

Its greatest weakness was its detection means, which was barebones at best, capable of only relaying information through prickles on the skin. Worst of all, it was incapable of penetrating objects unless Prana was poured into it like a stream through the application of psychokinesis.

All that did was generate force and still failed to gain any information of value. It was why Inala typically used pits for traps, for they worked the best. This SONAR was perfect for surveying for signs of activities.

It was the most effective for a homogenous material, typically in mountain terrain and water. For heterogeneous surfaces such as regular plains, forest terrain, etc. its effectiveness dropped drastically. It was why the Empyrean Tusks failed to detect the Decaleeches during the Fifth Minor Crisis.

But as this SONAR was better than typical Prana detection means in many situations, it was a valuable ability to have.

Once he learnt SONAR, it felt like a whole new world of possibilities had opened to Inala. Until now, when punching someone, Inala would make his hand weightless, allowing for muscular tension to work the fastest. And at the moment of impact, he would increase its weight to the limit to unleash a thunderous punch.

But that was an inefficient use of Internal Inertial Gravity. Instead, he could use SONAR at the moment of impact to unleash a destructive shockwave coursing through the target and deal internal damage instead.

This was many times more effective, especially since many Pranic Beasts had tough exoskeletons, such as Centingers and their mutated counterpart, the Millinger.

"This ability is useless against anyone with Internal Inertial Gravity though." Rhanalla said, "All shockwaves would be instantly nullified and could even be used by the opponent against you. So, never use it against the Boar King once he activates Internal Inertial Gravity."

"Got it," Inala nodded, thinking as he processed the volume of information being given to him by the Empyrean Tusks, 'This turned out to be more beneficial than I had expected.'

When Virala destroyed Varahan Mansion, Inala knew by then that everything he had planned for Arlfarah Mansion was useless, since the location of the Attributed Region's entrance would have shifted as a result.

If the shift was minor, it would still be somewhere in Fentan City. That way, things would still be somewhat manageable. After all, through the Misty Flake Tea House, Inala had given gentle drugs to the people in the city for years.

The drugs had one function, which was to make the consumers treat Mammoth Clansmen with greater positivity than usual. This way, they would be less inclined to exchange death blows with Mammoth Clansmen.

Or in dangerous situations where they're fighting a Mammoth Clansman, when the time comes to deal the killing blow, they would hesitate, creating an opportunity for the Mammoth Clansman to take advantage of the hesitation and retaliate with a killing blow of their own.

The drug was manufactured by Wittral and was something even Cooter Clansmen would be unable to detect. Only Empyrean Snappers and experts in medicine like Taltal could notice the drug. But they were at the Dralh Sea, so the possibility of Wittral's actions being revealed was pretty much zero.

The effects of the drug would be most pronounced towards Inala, Asaeya, Amita, and Wittral. Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire would be even more disinclined to harm them.

By disseminating the drug for more than a decade, the effect had taken firm root in the people of Fentan City. But if the entrance shifts to another city, that entire plan would go up in flames.

Hence, the day Virala targeted Varahan Mansion, Inala had to change his tactics. Since Gannala had the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, he decided to truly take advantage of the strongest allies he could gather in the situation—105 Empyrean Tusks!

Even though the Attributed Region had a ceiling height of two kilometres, enough for the Empyrean Tusks to move about within, the entrance was too small. It was why the Empyrean Tusks remained outside the Attributed Region in Sumatra within, the entrance was too small. It was why the Empyrean Tusks remained outside the Attributed Region in Sumatra Chronicles, unable to provide support as half the Mammoth Clan got annihilated in the Second Major Disaster.

But in this timeline, many things were different. First of all, Resha had informed Raaha practically everything about the Attributed Region, allowing the latter to make plans accordingly. Upon Gannala's arrival, the Empyrean Tusks were informed of the full extent of the Supreme Tusk Gannala's plans regarding the Mystic Paths, the true identity of the Mystic Paths, and what Renduldu had done by taking them to Earth.

Even though the Attributed Region was dangerous enough to kill even a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, thanks to Resha's experience, things will become relatively safe. Moreover, this time, the Empyrean Tusks could infiltrate the Brimgan Empire.

When it was the time to take action, they could revert to their Empyrean Tusk forms and spew out Mammoth Clansmen in large numbers, truly a force to reckon with. As there were sixteen entrances, even if the Empyrean Tusks divided themselves evenly, there would be six Empyrean Tusks per entrance and still leave out nine extra.

They planned to head to the Sixth Layer of the Attributed Region and gather all 96 keys that would lead into the Fifth Layer. This way, they could effectively block out all external threats once they camp in the Fifth Layer.

All other parties would be stuck at the Seventh Layer, left with only one key per path that led them into the Sixth Layer. The remaining nine Empyrean Tusks would gather the keys of nine paths and then all the keys that would lead into side chambers of the Sixth Layer. This way, they'll act as a patrol and deter external parties while the 96 Empyrean Tusks farm all the valuable resources in the deeper layers of the Attributed Region.

The arrangement would change a bit since Inala was brought into the equation. Inala's allies currently consisted of 105 Empyrean Tusks and one Empyrean Snapper, all intending to give their best to help him gain the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Basically, he had the support of 106 Deities. It truly was phenomenal, something even he himself faced difficulties in believing, despite witnessing it play out before him.

"We can enter from here," Gannala said as the group arrived at a spot before the Lotus Range during nighttime. She equipped herself and the Nature Weapon of Tunnel onto an Enrino body and opened a tunnel leading into the Brimgan Empire.

In the dead of the night, in stealth, a group of 105 Empyrean Tusks, the Mammoth Clan Chief, and four Mystic Paths infiltrated the Brimgan Empire, intending to lay low for the next few months. Their goal?

Acquisition of the Major Treasure of Attribute!



Chapter 495 Scheming in the Brimgan Empire

﻿﻿Arlfarah Mansion!

Seated in her study, busy with research was Amita Brimgan, having completely attuned to life at the Brimgan Empire. She was researching the Attributed Region based on the scout report, having become by far the most knowledgeable person in the Brimgan Empire about the region.

She didn't have just the scout reports but also knowledge from Sumatra Chronicles, using which she was able to make conclusions that other researchers were unable to do. Her position as Director of the Bureau of Attribute Acquisition had become unshakable thanks to her exceeding contribution.

She had two tasks: Sumatra Gold Skeleton and preparations to summon a Bolt of Transcendence. Amita Brimgan had completed both and was presently gathering information to ensure she was prepared no matter how much the situation changed during the race.

While she was making up a report, the floor beside her parted open, revealing a metre-wide hole. Her figure didn't flinch in the slightest in response. Instead, her eyes darted towards the tunnel entrance, maintaining her calm, 'That's the power of a Shifting Ant.'

'Virala!' Two strings of Prana manifested above the tunnel entrance while two slithered to the opposite wall, intending to pull her away to safety. Instantly, she had taken action as the two strings of Prana facing the tunnel entrance turned ivory.

Royalty—Life Bomb!

Mystic Mist Art—Tangible Life Bomb!

This was a skill that fused her Tertiary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis with her Life Bomb, creating semi-solid strings of Prana capable of absorbing the Lifeforce of the target. And then, they latched onto the target that jumped out of the tunnel.

Everything happened in the fraction of a second, from the tunnel entrance forming to the two strings latching onto the person that leapt out of it.

"Wait! Wait! Wait! It's me!" An orb fell out of the body of the figure constricted by the two ivory strings and reverted to Gannala's form.

"Prove it." Amita Brimgan said coldly as an ivory string shot towards Gannala. The body of the figure caught by the two ivory strings began to wither as the Lifeforce in it was sucked away.

"Harm me, then," Gannala said and didn't resist the attack, flinching as an ivory string latched onto her for a second before retreating in a hurry.

"Ugh! You're indeed Gannala." Amita Brimgan felt a searing headache as her male form's influence almost exploded at that moment when she harmed Gannala. That would only happen to Gannala and not anyone acting as her.

She had plenty of methods to confirm Gannala's identity but this was the fastest and surest method. And now that she had made the confirmation, Amita threw a vial towards Gannala, "I barely stole a few days of your lifespan. Consume this, and you'll recover the lost amount."

"Okay," Gannala drank the vial and spoke once she observed the recovery in lifeforce, habituated with the process, "I've come to tell you a few things."

Saying so, she took out a cylindrical container and placed it before Amita, "This Water Slip contains all the necessary information."

"That's a giant Water Slip. Just how much information is stored in here?" Amita muttered as she downed the contents, beginning to digest the data within as she understood the attack plan, when they'd meet up, Inala's subsequent plans until the Attribute revealed itself, etc.

Once she digested everything, Amita Brimgan pulled out a drawer beside her and consumed an Elixir stored there. And as she digested it, she began to create Life Bombs in large numbers, asking, "Is Grehha with you?"

"Yeah," Gannala nodded, "He's at another location now."

"Alright, take care to not touch them," Amita said in warning.

"I know, Dad." Gannala rolled her eyes.

"I'm not your Dad." Amita snorted, "Do I look like one?"

"Call me Mom, if nothing else." She stared at the time and stopped creating Life Bombs, "I have to head out for work in a few minutes. Visit me at the same time tomorrow. We have plenty of time, so I'll create as many Life Bombs as you need."

"Just drop them here." Gannala said and pointed at the tunnel she had jumped out from, "I have modified the gravity within. The Life Bombs would reach the destination where Grehha will encase them in his Empyrean Incubator."

"Got it," Saying so, Amita dropped the pile of Life Bombs into the tunnel, patting her hands once the work was done. She stared at Gannala and waved her hands, "Leave now, shoo."

"Okay, Mom." Gannala giggled and leaped into the tunnel, closing the entrance behind her. There were no traces of her visit. In the Brimgan Empire, only Wittral and Yarsha Zahara would be able to notice the existence of a tunnel in the region after it had closed up.

Wittral was on Amita's side while Yarsha Zahara was still trapped at the Varahan Mansion. Having changed into an expensive gown, Amita boarded a carriage and headed to an institution, smirking subtly, 'All preparations are complete. That's a relief.'

'To think the entire herd of Empyrean Tusks are on our side. Seems my male form has been busy.' Recalling Gannala's figure who used Weaponisation, Amita was able to understand what had happened, 'That's a victory against Virala. Good, good!'

"Did something good happen?" Dhya asked from the side upon seeing Amita's smile.

"My preparations are almost done." Amita said cheerfully, thinking, 'Now, there's the perfect method to erase the risk of keeping Wittral beside me.'

At the same time, in the room of a large house, Life Bombs spilled out from the tunnel exit positioned there. Immediately in response, Grehha activated his Tertiary Nature and condensed Empyrean Incubators in a hurry, enveloping the Life Bombs with them.

He moved the Empyrean Incubators to the side using psychokinesis and placed them in a pile, continuing to store Life Bombs in them until they stopped pouring out. Upon seeing Gannala jump out, he asked in confusion, "That's it?"

He stared at the pile, "There's barely a hundred of them."

"We'll be getting such a pile daily. So, stop complaining." Gannala shrugged, "Dad's second body is in hiding here. He only has a limited amount of Prana, so he's unable to spam Life Bombs."

"Well, I'm not complaining." Grehha didn't say anything else and proceeded to inspect the condition of the Empyrean Incubators.

Seated in the living room were a bunch of Empyrean Tusks, treating the place as their own. After all, the owners were merely influenced husks now, controlled by Gannala to keep up appearances with the neighbours, work, etc.

She was busy, having to act with the multiple identities to ensure the Brimgan Empire didn't suspect anything. As long as no Life-Stage cultivator enters this house and detects any waves of Prana emitted by the Empyrean Tusks, the identities of all Empyrean Tusks will remain hidden.

They will stay put while Gannala will move around making schemes. If there was any level of risk, she'd ask Asaeya to accompany her. That was more than enough to face a Brimgan Empire Prince and flee to safety without any issues.

"Okay, this is perfect." Gannala grabbed a Life Bomb and hatched an Empyrean Zinger King using her Prana. This was an Empyrean Zinger King that had the Secondary Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination, 'This will be perfect to erase the minimal traces left behind by my tunnels.'

With that thought in mind, she occupied the Empyrean Zinger King's Tertiary Nature slot and unleashed her influence, converting the latter's mind into a mirror of her own. With that, she could dexterously move this body without issues.

"Encase this too," Gannala said and watched Grehha encase the Empyrean Zinger King's body in an Empyrean Incubator. This was just in preparation to store it in her biome. After all, when encased in the Empyrean Incubator, Gannala was able to store these foreign bodies without issues.

The bodies would be perfectly preserved, and as long as they remained in contact with the surface in her biomes, she could supply Prana to their bodies through the Empyrean Incubator, allowing her to maintain the physical strength and function of the bodies.

"Dad, I'm ready." Gannala turned to face the figure of Inala whose stomach was on the verge of bursting, having been force-fed too much food.

"Okay, I'm coming," Inala said and got up, only to be grabbed by Vhalla and forced back into his seat.

"Not until you finish everything on the plate," Vhalla said, ignoring Inala who seemed to be on the verge of crying. "Look at how thin you are. You need to eat lots if you want to grow as big as cutie Grehha."

Thirty minutes later, at a certain house in Fentan City, Maroppa had returned from work and slumped on a sofa in the living room. She was just about to make herself a drink when a tunnel entrance appeared on the floor and jutting out of it was Inala's head.

The moment she stared at Inala's face, Maroppa exclaimed, "Oh…"

"W-What are you up to now, you madman?" She then fainted from shock.



Chapter 496 It’s Time to Be Proactive

﻿﻿"Hmm…things are changing." A Mystic Eater observed Varahan Mansion from a vantage point and slithered away to rejoin Orakha who muttered after comprehending the information it had collected, "Yarsha Zahara is pregnant. And in her possession is a pile of Sumatra Gold."

The first time he saw the Sumatra Gold was in Inala's possession. His Mystic Eaters were able to feel the terrifying level of power that stemmed from the Sumatra Gold. After that, he had been searching for them everywhere, failing to find them.

Ever since his failure in the fight against Virala, Orakha had been working on his cunning. He figured that Varahan Mansion would be at the centre of the numerous changes that would wash over the Brimgan Empire in the upcoming months.

Hence, he had been camping at a safe spot to spy on the place. He was obviously there to observe the scene where the Boar King surfaced for the final time. He had even sneaked a Mystic Eater closer just to listen in on their conversation.

Mystic Eaters were just energy bodies. So, if they ever felt threatened, they could simply dissipate. That was the easiest way to get rid of all evidence, which was the basis of Orakha's confidence to spy on Yarsha Zahara.

After the merry-making session, the Boar King returned to the hole he had come out from. Orakha sensed the rapidly dissipating presence of the Boar King and had sent a few Mystic Eaters in order to sneak attack the weakened latter and steal his Spirit Container.

Unfortunately, even though the Mystic Eaters had only been a few minutes late in infiltrating the pit, they were unable to find the Boar King there. But as they searched around, they found two things.

First was a tangible needle of Prana acting as an Information Slip. Second was a thin tunnel leading somewhere far away. It didn't take long for Orakha to access the information in the Information Slip. He only had to modify his Human Avatar a bit to attain the desired effect.

Once he did so, he was stunned, "Madman! Fucking madman!"

He became aware of what Virala had done. Originally, he wanted to expose the information and ensure Yarsha Zahara found out about it. This way, she'll summon the Boar King and hunt Virala. But after some thought, he decided otherwise.

Calling back the Boar King would only make things difficult for Virala. There was no benefit in it for Orakha. And worst of all, if the Boar King remains in the Brimgan Empire when the Major Treasure of Attribute reveals itself, he'd end up getting it, no questions about that.

Hence, Orakha began to think differently, 'What would Inala or Virala do in this situation?'

At the end of that thought process, Orakha concluded on what he wanted to do. 'Since that's Virala's child, for whatever he has planned, he'll return to claim the child at its birth. Varahan Mansion would be plunged into chaos. That's the best time to target Yarsha Zahara.'

He wasn't planning to kill her on anything. It wasn't worth being put at the top of the Boar King's hit list. He had no guarantee of surviving if that happened. Instead, his goal was simple—Sumatra Gold.

As he spied Varahan Mansion, Orakha managed to obtain data from compiling Yarsha Zahara's presence, unleashed during a variety of times, when she was in all sorts of situations and mental states.

He calculated at least eighty Sumatra Gold, predicting that there were even more in her possession. The data wasn't yet sufficient enough to make an accurate estimate. But no matter, as he had confirmed eighty Sumatra Gold, eighty he would be targeting.

To him, integrating it into his Human Avatar wouldn't be an issue. Rather, it would be extremely simple. And by doing so, not only would his powers increase to a whole new level, but he would also be crippling Yarsha Zahara's growth.

As long as she doesn't reach the peak of the Body Stage, Orakha would have a thousand ways to counter her, steal her gains, and even cripple her by consuming her Spirit Container. Over the years, he was developing a Prime Skill that would allow him to gain a list of minerals that by building his Human Avatar with in a certain arrangement, would make him unleash the power of the Nature stored in the Spirit Container his Mystic Eater had consumed.

As a result, he was simply waiting, waiting for Yarsha Zahara to develop and perfect her cultivation technique. By then, he'll be completing his Prime Skill too. And at the opportune moment, he'll be stealing all her gains.

His Compound Human Avatar allowed him to constantly change his build. This Prime Skill allowed him to mimic the Primary Natures of any Free Human, given he had the necessary minerals to build his Human Avatar.

He judged that by having Sumatra Gold in his possession, Orakha would be able to develop without restrictions and even change his Human Avatar mid-battle to mimic the Human Avatars of legendary Free Humans such as the Brimgan Founder and the Brimgan Ancestor said to have power on par with a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

He didn't have data about these characters, but he knew that the Major Treasure of Attribute was created from the Brimgan Founder. So, he was planning to gather details regarding the Brimgan Founder's Human Avatar in the Attributed Region. That was his most important goal, surpassing even the Attribute.

After all, with the data of the Brimgan Founder's Human Avatar, Orakha might even be able to add a component in his current Human Avatar that can emulate the effects of Attribute. And unlike the Major Treasure, he'd be able to tweak the strength and potency of this effect according to the situation.

As long as he had enough Sumatra Gold, he'd even be able to fully emulate the effects of Attribute. That was Orakha's thoughts. "Hmm?"

When a Mystic Eater joined him and transmitted all the images that it had observed, Orakha thought in wonder, 'Why is Maroppa heading to the Arlfarah Mansion now? Wasn't she supposed to be sleeping in her house as she's exhausted from work these days?'

'Man, he's a monster!' Maroppa sighed as she held a box tight and watched as her carriage reached Arlfarah Mansion. Once she revealed her identity and stated her purpose for approach, she was given entry.

She was one of the biggest donors to Farloon Brimgan's Auction House. As he had earned significantly through the Spirit Weapons she had auctioned off in his Auction House, he had given her free entry to his mansion. She could come and go as she pleased. He wanted to have a good relationship with her.

"Lady Maroppa, to what do I owe this pleasure?" Farloon Brimgan sported a wide smile, expecting another compound Spirit Weapon from her. The last one had been sold at a price exceeding a mobile Parute Tree.

And once the Raid Teams began to use it and had never stopped boasting about it, the demand for the product only increased. So, Farloon Brimgan wanted more of the same to capitalise on the skyrocketing demand.

"I came to have a chat with Amita. It has been a while." Maroppa smiled.

"Ah, yes, please take a seat at our guest room." Farloon Brimgan instantly masked his disappointment and escorted Maroppa to the guest room, saying apologetically, "She's currently at a meeting and it would take her a couple of hours to arrive."

'I know, that's why I came here at this time.' Maroppa thought as she expressed that she didn't mind waiting, "It's alright. I came here just to relax and have a chat, since it has been a while. Let Dhya accompany me until Amita arrives."

"Give me a minute." Saying so, Farloon Brimgan made his exit. And soon enough, Dhya entered the room and bowed towards Maroppa.

"It has been a while, Lady Maroppa." Dhya was respectful with her greeting.

"It took me a while to figure it all out." Maroppa spoke after she asked Dhya to sit, enveloping the room with her Prana to ensure nothing she says gets leaked out, "You almost fooled me, Deity of the Cooter Clan,"

"Wittral."



Chapter 497 Maroppa Finds Wittral

?"You almost fooled me, Deity of the Cooter Clan,"

"Wittral."

There was silence in the room for an instant, followed by a golden flash aimed at her face, stopping a millimetre before her skin, blocked by a grey flash. As both the flashes came to a halt, they were revealed to be a golden needle and a grey kite. A second later, the golden needle crumbled into grey sand and was absorbed by the kite.

"Calm down, Wittral." Maroppa said, her expression cold as she tapped a tray before her and turned it into grey sand, speaking upon observing his shock, "Does this ring a bell?"

"Sandy-Grey Void!" Wittral tensed up in response, glaring at Maroppa as he became ready to unleash his strongest attack, "What's your identity?"

"Are you Loot?"

"Do you believe I'll reveal myself to you like this if I was Loot?" Maroppa rolled her eyes and retracted her Prana, "Relax, I'm not your enemy. After all, your Secondary Nature is something I created."

"What?" Wittral was stunned for a moment before connecting the dots, exclaiming in shock, "You're Amita's teacher!"

"You can say that," Maroppa nodded and watched in silence until Wittral calmed down. "Are you surprised?"

"Weren't you captured by Loot?" Wittral asked, still retaining his suspicions. But the one before him was Maroppa. If she had been Loot, she had more than enough chances to harm him in the more than dozen years they knew each other.

As nothing like that had happened, it meant that he could at least hear her out, as long as he doesn't let down his guard entirely.

"I was, at the Sanrey Plains." Maroppa nodded, "But I was merely in his captive for three days before I managed to escape."

As she spoke, she unleashed her true presence, revealing power at the Gold Grade, "I was already at the cusp of my evolution. Through Amita, I succeeded. Loot didn't know that yet and had underestimated me, using which I made my escape."

"If you had escaped, then why didn't you save her?" Wittral asked, "She didn't have a peaceful life until she lost all her powers."

'If I didn't know any better, I would have believed this too. How the fuck did Inala weave together this lie? Even the Boar King is a fucking guarantor of this story!' Maroppa was losing her shit mentally as she kept her cool externally and continued speaking lines from the dictionary of content given to her by Inala a couple of hours ago, "I didn't dare."

"My power is to create the Sandy-Grey Void, that's it." She sighed, "If I were to unleash it, an entire region would get destroyed. Once it grows beyond a certain level, even I cannot stop it."

Wittral recalled his time at the Dralh Sea when the Sandy-Grey Void appeared. It was uncontrollable and consumed everything in its path to spread further. It was absolute terror, "Will…Sumatra be destroyed in that case?"

"You do realise that Sumatra Continent is surrounded by the Sandy-Grey Void, right?" Maroppa shook her head, "Its borders are never affected by it even though they are in contact with the grey sand. The Sandy-Grey Void is to Sumatra as water is to marine Pranic Beasts. It's only a problem when grey sand appears in the interiors, since the continent has no defences against it there."

"So," She pointed her index finger upward, "The Mystic Tentacles living in the Transcendent World will take action if the danger exceeds a certain limit."

"The Transcendents cannot actively affect this place." Wittral argued, "They can only interfere with any influences of Transcendents or similar existences that leak into our Continent. My Clan has a few Transcendents too, so I know that they have serious limits."

"They can't interfere…"

"If they want, they can." Maroppa said, "The price to pay for it is a loss of their power. But yes, if they're hard-pressed about Sumatra's survival, they would do it without hesitation. They had already done it once against my race."

"I…didn't know this." Wittral expressed shock.

"Yeah, that's why the Mudropper invasion weakened drastically. The remainder were wiped out by the Mahira Tusk and Renduldu." Maroppa snorted, "Anyway, ignore that. I came to find you for a reason."

"All along, after I found Amita in the Brimgan Empire, I was observing her actions. I wanted to be absolutely assured that Loot no longer has any influence on her." She said and stared at Wittral, "I was worried that you're some pawn arranged by him. It took me a while to learn your true identity and everything that led to the two of you coming here."

"You were observing all along?" Wittral was terrified by the statement. This woman before him had acted like a casual friend of Amita, got close to her over time, became a frequent visitor of the Misty Flake Tea House, and befriended Wittral too, all to find out if they were free from Loot.

"I couldn't take any chances," Maroppa sighed, "After all, Loot has my power."

She placed the box in her hand on her lap and opened it, taking out a Nature Orb from within, "I believe you recognise this?"

"Nature Weapon," Wittral's eyes widened in surprise.

"Now, I want to know." Maroppa said as she unleashed her Prana, focusing on Wittral, "How did you get your hands on a Nature Weapon with the power of Kinesis Deity?"

"I stole it from Loot when he showed himself at Fentan City a decade ago," Wittral said, not revealing any details about Inala. He didn't want Maroppa to know that there was another body of Amita out there.

"Alright, I believe you, since I stole these two." Maroppa said, "Now that Loot has been captured, it's a bit safer here."

"Now, I want you to be honest with me." Maroppa stared at Wittral, "Are you…aiming for the Attribute?"

"How did you know about it?" Wittral asked in surprise, "Only the Royals are privy to the information."

"Are you a Royal?" Maroppa stared at him and smiled, "There are many others involved in the scout groups. So, those with the means can figure out what is happening."

"And, I want to advise you on something." She made a concerned face, "Don't bother entering the Attributed Region. You'll die. I don't want my student to die a fruitless death."

"That's impossible!" Wittral shook his head, "I have to get the Attribute."

Maroppa stared at Wittral's expression for a few seconds in silence before screaming in realisation, "You…freaking dumbass. Are you telling me she hasn't extracted the Sumatra Gold from her stomach?"

"No," Wittral shook his head, by now getting the confirmation that the woman before him was indeed the Mudropper that taught Amita Brimgan. Until now, even though he believed the other party, he still had some doubts. It was why he revealed partial information, but upon seeing Maroppa easily fill in the other parts, he had his confirmation.

"That idiot!" Maroppa grunted in frustration, "Is she still stuck in the shadows of her past? I told her to forge her own path. She's a Free Human. What aspect of her life is free?"

"Fucking Fhoong Brimgan!" She spat out in disgust.

Wittral didn't interject and simply listened to her ramblings, getting a clearer idea into Amita's past, 'It seems she has downplayed her situation. Her life has been worse than what she had told me.'

He sighed in sadness, finally asking Maroppa, "What is the reason you've decided to reveal your identity to me?"

"I felt the presence of a Nature Weapon inside you. Only I alone am capable of it, since I'm been researching Loot's power all these years and have developed some countermeasures." Maroppa's tone then turned serious, "But Wittral, you've merely equipped the Nature Weapon in your Nature slot. Loot can remove it any moment."

"I'm aware," Wittral nodded.

"Then, do you know that the one captured by the Brimgan Emperor is merely one body of his?" Maroppa said in seriousness, "I'm afraid his other bodies have already begun to arrive here one after another. Major Treasures are one of his objectives too. So, even if you have changed your appearance to that of a woman, he would recognise the Nature Weapon in you."

"And unlike you, the appearance of both of Amita's genders is known to him." She said in worry, "So, the moment Loot detects her and sees that she's regained her powers now and is stronger than before, he'll capture the both of you once again."

"Fuck!" Wittral glared in rage, recalling his conversation with Yarsha Zahara at Varahan Mansion, thinking of the information that one body of Loot was hiding at the Mammoth Clan, 'It's almost time for the Mammoth Clan to arrive at the Brimgan Empire. So, another body of Loot might already be prowling the streets here.'

"You have a plan, right? Isn't that why you approached me?" Wittral asked as his expression hardened, ready to face whatever may come at him next.

"Yes," Maroppa nodded and pointed at the Nature Weapon in her possession, "Using my power, I can assimilate it into your body to transform the Nature into a derivative of your power."

"The resultant power will be compatible with your state as an Empyrean Snapper."



Chapter 498 Wittral’s Evolution

?"You can do something like that?" Wittral felt like it was hard to believe.

"Yeah," Saying so, Maroppa activated her Secondary Nature of Grey Kinesis Deity and summoned her Spirit Weapon. She didn't go through with the transformation though, for she would pierce through the ceiling if she were to do so.

Moreover, the emission of Prana would be strong enough that Farloon Brimgan would rush over at a moment's notice. It would be troublesome when that happens, hence she stuck to the Spirit Weapon alone.

As the Spirit Weapon moved above the floor, the portion of the floor vertically below it turned into grey sand, following which the column between the floor and the Spirit Weapon turned jet-black, resembling the night sky, one without any sounds.

As the Spirit Weapon moved, the column of night mirrored it. The grey sand on the floor recovered in a matter of seconds, reverting to its original material texture. Maroppa demonstrated through her Spirit Weapon, saying, "I created my Secondary Nature by fusing a Nature Weapon with the Nature of Kinesis Deity with a bit of power from my Primary Nature."

"Grey Kinesis Deity," She introduced her power, "This can influence my Pranic Beast form to become a humanoid form which is stronger and allows me to harness greater physical might."

She stared at Wittral, "I'm capable of doing the same to you, since you already have a Nature Weapon with Kinesis Deity."

She pointed at his heart, "At present, you have Royalty as your Secondary Nature, right?"

Seeing Wittral nod, she continued, "Even though it's a powerful Nature, it was intended for Amita. Only she can make full use of it. In your hands, it's useless, since you won't be able to use Life Bombs to birth Zingers."

"Right, I cannot do that." Wittral nodded, "I'm only able to use them for Prana collection."

"It's useless, and worst of all, the influence it generates will only hinder your growth." Maroppa said, "Your potential as the strongest Empyrean Snapper will diminish over time as you use it. Instead, I'll fuse it with Kinesis Deity and allow your cultivation technique to influence it. This way, the product will be a power that's in line with something an Empyrean Snapper can use without problems."

"It sounds great on paper, but what about its side effects?" Wittral analysed, "It's through Royalty that I can live as a woman now. But I'm a dead man in the Brimgan Empire. If I were to appear now, all our plans would go to shit. If I were to lose Royalty, I wouldn't be able to remain in hiding."

"Then, why don't you remain as a woman?" Maroppa said as a matter of fact, "I'll fuse it while maintaining you as a woman. And if you want to change back to a man, wait until Amita reaches the 2-Life Stage. I'll be able to use her extra body as fuel to influence your Secondary Nature and change you to your male form."

"You can do that?" Wittral asked in surprise.

"Who do you think you're talking to? I created Royalty." Maroppa said smugly, "And that was when I was at the Silver Grade. I'm a Gold Grade Pranic Beast now. It's as easy as breathing for me."

"Then, let's start," Wittral said without hesitation.

"Wait, you don't need me convincing you further?" Maroppa stared at him in surprise.

"It seems you haven't revealed your identity to Amita yet." Wittral said, smiling upon seeing Maroppa's eyes widen in response, "I'm not blindly trusting you. Instead, I've made my judgement by observing your actions until now. You want to support Amita but not at the cost of revealing your identity."

"After all, if she ever gets captured by Loot in the future, your identity remains safe." Wittral said as his eyes turned cold, "And you won't have any hesitation in killing me to protect yourself."

"You're one scary guy. I underestimated you." Maroppa sighed, "You've figured out my thoughts."

"Right, so go ahead." Wittral stretched out his hand, "As long as I'm alive, Amita will never get captured. Instead, I'll hunt and kill Loot."

He then pointed at the Nature Weapon in Maroppa's possession, "Isn't that why you brought that Nature Weapon? You want me to become strong enough to face Loot and kill him. Or if I manage to overpower him, I can capture him too."

"How did you…?" Maroppa's expression became stunned in response for multiple reasons, 'I didn't even say anything about this Nature Weapon, but he already figured out that it contains the Nature of a Clumped Finger. And secondly, what a monster Inala is.'

'His understanding of Wittral is impeccable. He made me speak in such a way that instead of me trying my best to convince him, Wittral himself would come to an understanding of his own after deducing the situation.' Maroppa tried her best to control her trembling fingers, 'Wittral himself is a monster. Having him as an enemy is terrifying. But Inala is a monster even among monsters for controlling a monster like Wittral as if it's child's play.'

'Terrifying! Too terrifying!' Maroppa controlled her expression and let out a mild sigh in praise, "Yes, this Nature Weapon contains the power of a Clumped Finger. How did you know?"

"I've faced enough of them to recognise one even as a Nature Weapon. It's a very familiar presence." Wittral smirked, "And its power is extremely compatible with my Subtle Terrain Domination. Just the fact that you've brought this Nature Weapon here means you've poured a lot of thought into this."

'So that's why she made a move after so long. She was collecting information about everything. I feel like shit knowing that my secrets are being leaked like this, but at least, I'll become a lot stronger than before.' Wittral thought, preparing himself mentally, 'And through Maroppa's power, my Natures will become attuned to my identity as an Empyrean Snapper. It is annoying to spend a lot of time suppressing the influences of my Secondary and Tertiary Natures daily.'

He wasn't in the slightest concerned about being stuck as a female. He could judge that it was possible to revert into a male as Maroppa explained. Royalty was simply getting fused into Kinesis Deity. So, as long as its essence doesn't get erased, Wittral would be able to become a man in the future.

'Once Amita gets the Attribute, we'll no longer have any need to stay here. We can head to another Empire, away from all this chaos.' He thought. After getting the Attribute, they'd have to flee anyway. Wittral will then get help from Maroppa to become a man and merrily flee with Amita.

"Alright, if you're prepared, activate your Secondary Nature." Maroppa said and placed her hand over Wittral's chest, beginning to seep her Prana into his Spirit Container to lock onto the part holding his Secondary Nature, "Now, activate your Tertiary Nature."

Once she locked onto that too, Maroppa urged, "Activate your cultivation technique now."

Once Wittral activated Mystic Mist Art, Maroppa activated her Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation, watching in patience as the Nature Weapon of Kinesis Deity fused into Wittral's Secondary Nature of Royalty and became influenced by Mystic Mist Art.

Maroppa downed an Elixir to generate enough Prana and kept up with the process, completing it in less than thirty minutes. As the process was completed, Wittral observed that he was no longer able to assume his male form, now stuck as a female with the identity of Dhya. His Tertiary Nature slot was now empty as he digested the volume of information that poured into his mind with the creation of his new power.

Secondary Nature—Empyrean Mist Deity!

"This is…strong!" Wittral exclaimed in shock as he stared at Maroppa in terror, intimidated by himself, "Is something like this possible? I'm not dreaming, right?"

"Want me to punch you in the face as confirmation?" Maroppa asked, happy to oblige as she clenched her hand into a fist and unleashed a straight right, clicking her tongue upon seeing Wittral dodge. "You were the one who wanted a reality check."

"This is real, I was just messing around." Wittral laughed, confident. After all, Empyrean Mist Deity was a Gold Grade Nature inferior only to Subtle Terrain Domination. It was that strong and allowed him to remain in a battle for extended periods without getting tired. "Now, onto the final one."

"Man, you're greedy." Maroppa sighed as she grabbed the Nature Weapon with the Nature of a Clumped Finger and activated her Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation, pouring in the influence of Mystic Mist Art and Subtle Terrain Domination.

This way, the end result would be a Nature that aligned with an Empyrean Snapper, ensuring the influence it generated was beneficial for his growth. And then, she felt it, a voracious level of power become birthed in Wittral as his Tertiary Nature took effect, 'You…you've created an absolute monster, Inala!'

'Fucking madman! Just how far into the future you've been planning for?' She screamed mentally in a fluster upon seeing Wittral's three Natures form a perfect synergy, as if he was an Empyrean Snapper born with those three Natures.

"From today onwards," She proclaimed with a tone of respect, "Other than the Boar King, no one on Sumatra is your opponent."

Tertiary Nature—Subtle Imprison!



Chapter 499 Empyrean Tusks Farm Brimgan Royals

﻿﻿Resnesk City!

The City Lord was resting in his mansion, taking a comfortable nap alongside his wife. Suddenly, his eyes shot open, noticing something was amiss as he spontaneously unleashed his Prana, detecting the ground underneath his bed part open and suck in the bed and the duo on it.

"Hold on!" He shouted and unleashed his Spirit Weapon, intending to latch onto the ceiling of his room and use it as a harness to avoid falling into the pit. Unfortunately for him, the stream of Prana controlling his Spirit Weapon was snuffed out of existence.

The City Lord was stunned for a moment before recognising the ability, "The Millinger's Inhibition Dome!"

He grabbed his wife in a protective embrace as the duo were sucked into the tunnel whose entrance closed shut promptly after.

"Yo!" A middle-aged woman greeted the husband-and-wife duo as they continued to fall through the tunnel.

"Who are you?" The Resnesk City Lord shouted in alarm as he was currently in a somewhat helpless state, unable to use his Spirit Weapons anymore.

His only mode of fighting now was to unleash his Kinesis Deity form and engage in close combat. But if he were to do that, his wife would come under harm. She wasn't a Royal and only had Silver Grade strength. That wasn't enough to protect herself, especially in this situation as they fell to the end of the tunnel and landed in a large room.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

The Resnesk City Lord transformed into a ten-metre tall golden giant, the size of his Kinesis Deity form signifying his cultivation at the 8-Life Stage. He was alarmed to the extreme, detecting Gold Grade Pranic Beasts around him, everywhere.

The number surpassed a hundred, terrifying him, "W-Who are you? Why do you all have the presence of an Empyrean Tusk?"

The dome was built like a stadium, with rows of seats littered across it in a circle. In the centre was an open space in the shape of a circle, spanning a radius of hundred metres. It was a decently large space to fight.

His gaze flashed across the seated people, nervous as due to the effects of Inhibition Dome, he was unable to alert or contact the Brimgan Empire for reinforcements, 'How the heck did such a force manage to infiltrate our territory?'

"I'll start first." Vhalla cracked her neck and landed ten metres away from the Resnesk City Lord, stating calmly, "You'll be fighting to the death against me, Resnesk City Lord. If you manage to kill me, we'll set you free."

"If you understand it, let's begin." Saying so, her figure flickered before him and slammed a punch to his chest, causing it to crack in response.

"Remove the Inhibition Dome!" Vhalla stared at the middle-aged woman nearby and ordered, "It's not fun otherwise."

"You sure?" Gannala asked in response and jumped away, using the Inhibition Dome in the tunnel they fell from. This way, even if the Resnesk City Lord wanted to contact his people, he would have to send a stream of Prana through the tunnel. It would instantly lose its effect once it touches the Inhibition Dome.

"Now, go all out." Vhalla grinned and stared at the Resnesk City Lord's wife, "Both of you can come at me. Don't disappoint me."

Part of the crowd was Inala, observing Vhalla's fight as he focused on his stomach biome, watching his Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen unleash the effects of Mystic Bone Art on the skeleton of a Millinger and begin to fuse it into its body.

It did that while absorbing the data from the skull counterpart of a Millinger while immersed in a pool of Millinger blood, reliant upon Maroppa's Prana to assimilate with it.

A Mutated Empyrean Zinger King was doing the same with the data, skeleton, and blood of an Enran. Finally, the last Mutated Empyrean Zinger King worked on assimilating the data, blood, and skeleton of a Clumped Finger into it.

When his Quip Tribe evolves into a Clan, these three would be evolving accordingly. Based on his calculation, they'd become the pinnacle force of his Quip Clan. They currently had the prefix of Empyrean, which means they had hit the limit of the Zinger race already.

Therefore, they'd become an entirely new race post-evolution. They'll still retain characteristics of a Zinger but would have completely different abilities. Inala was just trying to fix their direction of evolution.

Maroppa's Prana was more than enough to fix the direction of evolution and the resultant power they'd attain post-evolution. 'There's more than enough time to finish everything.'

He patiently observed their actions, continuing to seep Prana and Lifeforce into his stomach biome to make the Quip Tribe prepared. The catalyst was the Attribute, his acquisition of which would instantly make many Tribesmen attain Clansman status.

Inala made a mental count on those that would evolve, 'There are eight Tribesmen at the moment. This is more than enough for my evolution. But to expand the Quip Clan faster, I need more to reach the point where they can become Clansmen. I need to bring this number up to a hundred at the very least.'

Thanks to the help of the Empyrean Tusks, Inala's biomes had become more efficient, allowing the Quip Tribe to develop faster under Inala's influence.

"Argh!" The Resnesk City Lord screamed as he collapsed to the floor, exhausted to the limit, unable to fight anymore. Once all his Prana had been expended, his Kinesis Deity form came undone, reverting him to his human form.

Lying beside his body were a pile of Spirit Weapon fragments. He glared at Vhalla vehemently, "The Brimgan Empire will hunt all Empyrean Tusks! We won't take this lying down."

"Just as we captured Loot, we'll capture all Empyrean Tusks…" He stopped speaking upon noticing his limbs begin to shrink into his head, terrifying him. He turned his head to face the middle-aged woman being operated by Gannala, expressing fear as he turned into eight Nature Weapons.

"Sweet!" Vhalla grabbed the eight Nature Weapons and played with them, "We can strengthen a lot of us with these."

"Here," She threw a Nature Weapon to Inala, "This is what that woman needs, right?"

"Yup," Inala nodded, 'This is the price for getting Maroppa's services.'

To assist Wittral, Maroppa asked to be paid with two Nature Weapons. Upon seeing that Inala had prepared a Clumped Finger's Nature Weapon for Wittral, she asked for the same, alongside a Brimgan Royal's Nature Weapon.

Maroppa planned to use them both on the child she planned to have with Orakha. This way, the child will possess the power of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast without the limitations of one.

"Bring us here later." Vhalla said, "She'll give birth to our Mystic Path. So I want to get to know her better. Besides, I'm curious about the sole living Mudropper, considering our Ancestor's history with them."

"Okay," Inala nodded as he prepared to exit the place. His task was to make Maroppa help all Empyrean Tusks get a Nature. With her Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation, they could get powerful Deity Forms that were in line with the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Besides, with this, they would be able to morph their Empyrean Tusk forms into a humanoid variant, allowing them to fight the Boar King better. After all, this was the only way they could counter someone who had evolved to take down an Empyrean Tusk the fastest.

'We'll have to pay her a lot of Nature Weapons in response, but that's not an issue.' Inala thought as he nodded at Gannala and left. Their primary enemy in the race towards the Major Treasure of Attribute was the Brimgan Empire, especially its Royals.

Hence, in the time left for Attribute to show itself, they planned to capture as many Brimgan Royals as possible and turn them into Nature Weapons. These Nature Weapons will become a valuable asset for the Mammoth Clan. Therefore, the Empyrean Tusks worked collectively to collect them.

Gannala will selectively target the Brimgan Royals using the Nature Weapon of Tunnel and bring them to this battle area where the Empyrean Tusks would take turns fighting them. And once they had been defeated, she would turn them into Nature Weapons.

Besides, with the body of an Empyrean Zinger King in her possession, one with the Secondary Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination, Gannala was able to erase all traces of the tunnel formation. This way, no detection means would be able to figure out how the Brimgan Royals kept disappearing.

'My daughter is the most important asset of the Mammoth Clan now.' Inala smirked as his eyes glimmered cunningly, 'Now, even if the Boar King targets her, he would have to face more than a hundred strengthened Empyrean Tusks.'

Inala was aware that once he became a Zinger, he would lose the Mammoth Clan's support. By then, he planned to strengthen it to the limit and ensure Gannala was their number one priority in everything.

'You…might come to hate me in the future, Gannala. But it is what it is.' Inala sighed as he went to meet up with Maroppa, 'Only by becoming a Zinger can I face an endgame Boar King. And in the meantime, I'll create the means to safeguard your life as best as I can.'



Chapter 500 The Major Treasure of Attribute Appears

﻿﻿"Does this make any sense? More than a hundred Royals have disappeared in the past few months!" The current generation Emperor of the Brimgan Empire, Bronsk Brimgan shouted at the Ministers, "And you dumbasses haven't even managed to gather a single clue!"

"Your Majesty, I'm afraid more bodies of Loot have infiltrated the Empire." One of the Ministers got up to speak, "This phenomenon cannot be explained otherwise."

"Isn't it convenient to blame it on Loot?" Bronsk Brimgan snorted in anger, "Do you have any proof that it's him?"

"No…" The Minister bowed his head in response.

"Get out!" Bronsk Brimgan bellowed, "Don't you dare return here without evidence. All of you, get out, now!"

He sighed once the Ministers had left the throne room, staring helplessly at his mother who made her entry, "Mother, can I handle this? Without reaching the 10-Life Stage, my words have no effect of coercion on the Ministers. They're more or less on par with me in terms of strength and cultivation. And they're older, so they don't treat me with the same respect as they do to father."

"It's something you need to learn to handle. That's what it means to be the Emperor." Harla Brimgan said, "There's a mysterious force acting in our territory with enough power to take care of our Royals. If we don't take action soon, we'll be crippled."

"Why isn't father doing anything?" Bronsk Brimgan asked in worry, "He hasn't come up in a while. I'm worried about him."

"There's nothing we can do about that. He's in the middle of an experiment." Harla Brimgan said as she thought, deciding after some consideration, "I'll call back your brother."

"No!" Bronsk Brimgan shouted in a hurry, "Let him continue with his mission. His success is of utmost importance."

"Yes, but it's of no use if the Brimgan Empire falls by then." Harla Brimgan said as she unleashed a gentle pulse of Prana, one that vanished promptly after. It was a Minor Treasure, the Summoning Bell, the same as the one in Yarsha Zahara's possession.

Through it, Harla Brimgan was able to summon her son who was out on a mission alone in the wilds. It was a mission that would have taken him a couple of centuries to complete, the reason why he never made an appearance in Sumatra Chronicles.

Boul Brimgan, the most talented Brimgan Royal in their recorded history, said to be the first of his kind who had reached the end of Gold Kinesis Art and was about to refine his Secondary Nature using it. This was his status before he left the Brimgan Empire a century ago.

He was at the 9-Life Stage when he left, carrying with him enough Rutham to condense his final body. One of his objectives was to create a solid path for gaining a Secondary Nature. Boul Brimgan had strength surpassing Brandal Brimgan at the same cultivation level.

"If he managed to reach the 10-Life Stage now, he'll be stronger than your father even without any Minor Treasures. With his capabilities, solving this issue would be easy." Harla Brimgan said, "Until he arrives, let's make the Royals move about in groups and use the Raid Team to search for the culprits."

"Alright…" Bronsk Brimgan nodded and began to make preparations, sighing, "There's less than a month before the Attribute appears. To think we're facing such a crisis right before it. I fear they're aiming for it too."

"Hmm," Harla Brimgan acknowledged the issue, silently making plans to tackle the situation on her own, unaware that all this information was leaked to the entity fused into her wrist bone.

'Many Royals disappeared mysteriously. Interesting!' Resha thought as he continued to seep his influence through Harla Brimgan's skeleton. Unlike in Sumatra Chronicles, he was built different now.

Thanks to the effects of the Major Treasure of Cure whose influence had begun to seep into his biomes, Resha's body was steadily changing into a region similar to the Attributed Region and the Golden Giant.

Merely by harnessing that influence through his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100, Resha was able to act like a Minor Treasure, using which he infiltrated Harla Brimgan's body when she fused with the Minor Treasure that she supposedly purchased at the Arlfarah Mansion Auction House.

Once the Major Treasure of Cure's influence began to affect his biomes, and in connection, with his Empyrean Tusk body, Resha corrected his original misconception. In Sumatra Chronicles, he had fused with the Major Treasures of Attribute, Weapon, and Pet.

But despite having three Major Treasures, he failed to kill the Boar King. It was simply due to a case of incompatibility, despite him being able to handle three Major Treasures, something no one else was capable of on Sumatra.

And in this life, upon getting the Major Treasure of Cure, Resha realised what was happening. The Major Treasures were powerful, yes, but the majority of their power was concentrated in the creation of an Influenced Region such as the Attributed Region and the Golden Giant.

Major Treasures were only able to influence a terrain, unlike Minor Treasures which influenced living beings. And they did this over the course of many eras. In Sumatra Chronicles, by the time the Major Treasure of Attribute began to influence his biomes, Resha obtained the Major Treasure of Weapon, causing the influences of both to counteract each other.

Adding the Major Treasure of Pet into the mix did nothing other than make them all useless.

Unlike his previous life, Resha managed to obtain the Major Treasure of Cure this time. It was something created by the Supreme Tusk Gannala to possess the strongest essence of an Empyrean Tusk. As a result, the moment he obtained it, Cure began to influence his biomes.

The influence was weak at the start, but when Resha absorbed the blood of the mysterious eye and considerably filled his Mystic Path, Cure began to actively influence his biomes at an accelerated pace.

Getting the Attribute in such a situation would only mess up the influence and interfere with Resha's transformation. As a result, his goal for coming here wasn't to gain the Attribute for himself but to obtain it for the Mammoth Clan.

As to whom it should be given would be something that he would decide. Resha wasn't planning on giving it to any of the Reincarnates, 'They're simply not worth it, especially Virala, that disgusting fucker!'

At the same time, deep underneath the palace, seated within the stomach of the golden giant was Virala, his eyes closed, keeping track of the shimmering orb in his mind space. His lips curled up as he muttered, "She's about to give birth now."

The condensed orb in his mind space looked like it was about to be transferred. Immediately in response, Virala got up and left the Golden Giant, making a beeline towards Varahan Mansion.

Secondary Body Stage 2—Worm!

Virala transformed into a metre-long Mystic Ewworm and slithered through the long tunnel, following which he entered the narrow path he had drilled out long ago, quickly heading towards his target.

A minute after he left, a large number of Mystic Eaters slithered into the tunnel and approached the golden giant. Some of them streamed into its mouth and entered its stomach, observing their bodies dissipate as information streams flowed out of their minds and condensed in the region in tangible forms.

A few minutes of observation later, a group of Mystic Eaters combined into a three-kilometre-long Mystic Eater that rested its rear on the ground of the tunnel and arched its upper body through the mouth of the Golden Giant and into the stomach, not touching anything.

It swallowed the tangible stream of information that escaped the Mystic Eaters from before, following which it stared at the figure of Brandal Brimgan. It slowly approached him and gently bit onto his head and yanked him out of the Golden Giant.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Orakha approached Brandal Brimgan and took out an Information Slip made out of Rutham from his sleeve. A Mystic Eater swallowed it and surged into Brandal Brimgan's Spirit Container, feeding him the contents in the Information Slip.

In it were memories Orakha had fabricated, taking advantage of the situation to obtain a powerful servant who remained obedient to him. His Mystic Eaters seeped into the latter's Spirit Container and began to make subtle modifications to his Human Avatar, smiling upon seeing Brandal Brimgan's eyelids flutter faintly, 'Soon, he'll wake up.'

He then faced the direction Virala had left, "Based on what I have observed of him for the past year, he's not planning to kill his child. Rather, he'll bring the child here and nurture them. Though this is considerably better than his past actions, it'll still mess up everything."

"By now, the Boar King might have reached the 3-Life Stage. When Yarsha Zahara activates her Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell, he'll create a stomach biome to store the corpses of at least a couple of Empyrean Tusks, following which he would activate four or more Internal Inertial Gravity." He sighed, "He would be here in a matter of days, before the Attribute reveals itself. If that happens, he'll end up getting it."

"Guess I have no other choice but to do this." Orakha snapped his finger, unleashing a subtle fluctuation that was transmitted through the network of Mystic Eaters he had laid down over the decade.

In response to his command, more than a hundred thousand Mystic Eaters poured onto the Attributed Region and got assimilated by the latter. They turned into pure energy that was wielded by the attributed region.

And then, their property was unleashed, causing the Attributed Region to voraciously suck in all the water from the neighbouring region. In a matter of minutes, the Brimgan Sea became empty, following which the various channels feeding into it became similar.

Connected by the Vrumsh Channel that led into the Brimgan Sea, even the Dralh Sea was emptied, alarming the Cooter Clan.

"Argh!" Yarsha Zahara wailed in pain as through a final push, she birthed a baby daughter. And in the background erupted a festival of lights at the same time, as if fanfare for such a birth.

The pillar of light blasted into the sky endlessly, drawing the attention of every single creature in the vicinity. Brimming with a magnitude of power unlike anything, the beam of light called forth every single living being from a wide region of Sumatra, having finished building the Attributed Region a month in advance.

And now, it revealed itself, bringing the date forward by a month, thanks to Orakha's machinations. "Good, it worked. Now, it won't fall into the Boar King's possession."

Major Treasure—Attribute!



