Chapter 731  Foundation Stone of Propaganda

731  Foundation Stone of Propaganda

"Ouch!"

"Aiooo!"

"Yiek!"

The students let out varied shrieks as they plucked their hair strands and began to tie them together. Their mistakes were plenty and a majority of them lacked the flexibility of fingers to accurately tie a knot on the short hair strands.

"Hold it in the gap between your nail and finger like this." Inala approached one of the students and explained the process in detail. His voice was a whisper, please to the ears, causing the student to feel like he was in a trance before feeling sleepy.

Inala's peaceful voice was sleep-inducing. As he slowly explained, Prana gathered at his throat before he opened his mouth and emitted a small packet of sound.

Mystic Royal Art—Universal Slip!

The packet of sound travelled through the boy's ear canal and formed a Piezo Slip on his eardrum. And while Inala talked, in frequencies inaudible to the human ears were Zinger Shrieks, emitted alongside his regular-sounding dialogues.

This Zinger shriek slammed into the boy's ear drum when the Piezo Slip vibrated captured it and vibrated accordingly, translating the contents into a form recognizable by the human brain. The signals were faint but encrypted, so the brain didn't register any message for the time being.

However, the information was gathered by it, just not processed.

Universal Slip was a form of Piezo Slip that could be engraved on the eardrum on a target which can absorb Zinger Shrieks and convert them into a form suitable for the respective body's brain to process and gather the information from.

However, due to the condensed information characteristic of a Zinger Shriek, the volume of information would be too complex for the brain to understand. Only after the individual falls asleep and most of the brain becomes free would this encrypted information be decrypted.

Then, the information within the shriek would appear in the individual's dreams. This was how Universal Slip worked. And the best time to use it would be when the target individual was in a state of concentration.

When in concentration, the brain diverts a larger portion of its processing capabilities to the field the body was focused on. This works to the Universal Slip's advantage, as it would immediately be shelved by the brain for later processing.

It was the easiest to use on Iron Grade existences due to their brain's limited processing capacity in comparison to Higher Grade existences. Moreover, it was something whose effect was pronounced upon significant, extended use, so it couldn't be applied in a battle.

Universal Slip was one of Inala's tools to brainwash the people over the course of time. It was created so that he could have a perfect cover while transmitting propaganda content to his students and other people.

Any unassuming individual wouldn't even know what was happening when conversing with Inala. Only at night would they experience the contents of the Universal Slip in a dream. Moreover, it would be a dream at the end of the day, so the majority of its contents wouldn't even register in their mind once they wake up.

However, if it was maintained for years at a stretch, then their minds would be shaped accordingly. A bias of sorts would be formed in them that would affiliate them towards a certain line of thought. And since this happened gradually, over a period of years, no one will notice anything amiss.

'Time is the greatest ally of this ability.' Inala thought as he engraved a Universal Slip on the other eardrum of the student. The longer the time passes, the greater the results and the more impossible it becomes for a third party to detect his hand in it or even the cause.

The Universal Slip wasn't an omnipotent Skill though. At the end of the day, even the eardrum was a part of the body. Therefore, even if the carving of the Universal Slip didn't register as a wound, it would still vanish once the layer of cells gets replaced naturally over time.

Based on his calculation, once engraved, a Universal Slip will exist for close to two weeks on the eardrum of a person at the Spirit Stage. This fell down to approximately eight to ten days for someone at the Iron Grade, one to two days for someone at the Silver Grade, and barely an hour for someone at the Gold Grade.

It was a bit of a pain to unleash a Universal Slip, but as long as Inala transmits a Zinger Shriek into the targeted eardrum before the Universal Slip vanishes, his work was as good as done. For higher Grade existences, he would only have to find suitable opportunities to use the Skill again.

As he went around, giving one-on-one guidance to the students, Inala carved a Universal Slip in the eardrums of all forty students, familiarising himself with the Skill. Following that, he arrived before everyone and began to speak.

Mystic Royal Art—Dual Speech!

Dual Speech was a touch Skill to create and use since it placed a strain on his vocal cords. When activated, it allowed him to unleash sounds in two different voices. The first was his regular, human voice, meant for the masses. The second was a Zinger Shriek, unleashed at a frequency inaudible to the existences in his surroundings.

It was wise to use it after using the Skill of Piezo Resonance first. After knowing the frequency of all target bodies in his vicinity and getting to know their hearing range, in case Inala didn't know beforehand, only then will he use Dual Speech.

Otherwise, if the frequency of his Zinger Shriek falls within the audible range of his target, they'll figure out that he was up to something.

Preparations must be made before using the Skill of Dual Speech. Inala had been doing that while conversing with the students. And only after having a complete grasp of their hearing range did he start using Dual Speech.

"It might seem hard, but I'm sure everyone can grasp it with some practice," Inala said while using Dual Speech. His Zinger Shriek basically carried information regarding his experience in tying two hair strands into one.

This information was converted by the Universal Slip into a form they could understand and embedded the information in their brain. Once the kids fall asleep, they'll find themselves in a room, tying two hair strands together.

That insight will help improve their skill. And when the same continues day after day, they'll begin imitating it naturally, which rapidly shortens the time they take to learn the ability.

This process was faster than feeding them the experience through an Information Slip. After all, that experience will be Inala's, which would try to shape up the latter's mind, influencing them according to his ego, bias, habits, etc. while performing the action.

This was shown the most when using Skills learnt through an Information Slip. Back at the Mammoth Clan, when Asaeya learnt his Skill of Puppetry, her first usage of the Skill made her behave the same as Inala.

She quickly adapted the Skill into a form suitable for her psyche, but the average individual took months or sometimes, even years before they adapted it to their psyche.

For regular abilities, learning through an Information Slip was inefficient, since the body will hurriedly adapt to the biases that the creator of the data in the Information Slip possessed.

Something like tying two strands of hair at Inala's skill level could be achieved in a few weeks with nonstop training. So, it was better for the students to learn it manually instead of through an Information Slip.

This was also why most lectures were conducted manually instead of feeding everything through an Information Slip. It was faster to learn it manually than learning it through an Information Slip and spending a longer time adapting it into a form suitable for their psyche.

However, the information gained through the Universal Slip would be broken down, analysed, and displayed in the target's dreams. By that point, it was already converted into a form suitable for their psyche.

Dreams were unstable. Inala used that characteristic to his advantage. Even though this reduced the consistency and quality of information retained by the target, as long as Inala repeated the same for multiple days, the result was more than worth the effort. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He was basically feeding the targets information that they assumed were gaining naturally.

"Keep practicing it until tomorrow," Inala said and dispersed the class, spending only an hour with them. He had to teach a total of five such classes daily, with each costing an hour.

After the final class ended, he exited the classroom, which was basically a random hall in one of the Decodus Trees. No Academy of the sort had been established at the Noikatol District yet as the teachers were working professionals who taught classes part-time.

As the number of students was also minimal, MunuBuntara kept each class in a vacant room. Every day, Inala would be assigned a room in a different Decodus Tree. All the classrooms were multipurpose halls.

'Well, it works either way.' He thought as he exited, greeting a familiar face as he used the Skills of Universal Slip and Dual Speech in conjunction.

"How was your first day?" Wepetay asked with curiosity.

"Normal, I guess." Inala smiled, barely able to conceal his disappointment, "None of them seem to possess the passion I hope to find in this field."

"That's unfortunate." Wepetay sighed before shaking hands with Inala, "Well, you'll have to excuse me, Sir Binala. I'm leaving for the Noikatol Kingdom in a couple of hours."

"So soon?" Inala expressed his shock.

"Yeah, I arrived only to introduce you personally to Lord MunuBuntara. Since that's done, I've been ordered to return to my post. I'm pretty much my Lord's representative, so I need to be stationed at my designation." Wepetay said and excused himself, "Let's meet in the future when I return, Sir Binala."

"The pleasure's all mine," Inala said and accompanied Wepetay alongside his family to the railway station. He acted like he was helping Wepetay load the luggage onto the railway when in truth, he was using the Skills of Universal Slip and Dual Speech.

Since both were unleashed through sounds beyond the audible range of Wepetay and the rest, and the amplitude was faint enough, Inala's actions went undetected.

"Farewell," Inala waved his hand as he watched the railway leave for the Noikatol Kingdom. He turned around and walked away, acting ignorant of what he had done. 'I've just laid the foundation stone.'

'Now, to build a castle of propaganda.'





Chapter 732  Peacekeeper Network

732  Peacekeeper Network

"Thank you for the suit, Sir Binala." Wepetay's wife said happily, "I wore it for trial yesterday and it was the most gorgeous dress I have ever worn in my life."

"I am humbled by your praise. It's something I created during my survival days." Inala acted like he was maintaining a poker face but a smile leaked out.

Wepetay's wife observed the minor facial experience, 'So, Sir Binala isn't immune to praise.'

Her eyes trailed across his face while in thought, 'Husband couldn't shut up the entire night talking about him. Though, I wonder if everything he's saying is the truth.'

For the public eye, Wepetay's wife, Stalahh was a soldier responsible for compiling information procured by the scouts. She was part of the planning and administrative team in charge of Raids.

However, her true job was to serve as the Varahan Empire's Peace Keeping Force. They, the Peace Keepers were personally trained by Yarsha Zahara to constantly keep an eye on the populace to detect any signs of the Mystic Seven or people associated with them.

Yarsha Zahara was aware of the fact that the Mystic Seven might either personally infiltrate the Empire or send in entities sneakily for the purpose. No matter how many steps she took, including allowing only those with a Vara Human Avatar inside, there was no assurance.

After all, the children of the citizens were born at the Spirit Stage. Meaning, they formed a gap in her plans that her enemies could use to infiltrate. There were similar loopholes in her other plans too, for it was impossible to control a growing populace of people.

The Varahan Empire's citizens weren't crops after all. As there were plenty of loopholes that her enemies could take advantage of to infiltrate, Yarsha Zahara created the Peace Keeping Force.

The Peacekeepers were all at the peak of the Body Stage or above. And other than the Nature of Statue serving as their Identity Card, they were granted a specific set of Natures for one purpose—to detect infiltrators!

The combinations varied from Peacekeeper to Peacekeeper. Some had six Iron Grade Natures, some had ten, some had four plus a Silver Grade Nature, etc. The combination of Natures remained in the Peacekeeper's Vara Human avatar, generating their influence that combined to affect their body, granting them Extra Sensitive Power, ESP for short.

These ESPs ranged from hearing the heartbeat of a person in proximity to detecting the body temperature or smelling the scent of a target in clarity, including the areas where their scent is concentrated, such as the armpits.

The Peacekeepers would continue with their daily life as usual, not doing anything. However, they'll keep a note of everyone they encountered that day, including everything they captured from their regular senses and their respective ESP.

Their Gold Inheritance Art was also slightly modified to have the same characteristic as Mystic Bone Art's third phase, which was to consider the body as a Bone Slip, allowing them to never forget any information.

A portion of their Vara Human Avatar in the position of their head acts with the same purpose, storing every single detail from their observation. While heading to the office the next day, the Peacekeeper will record everything in a Vara Slip—the Information Slip equivalent for the Varahan Empire's Free Humans—and place it in a designated folder.

These folders were different for every Peacekeeper, always maintained at locations with traffic. In Stalahh's case, when she passes by the folder, she'd extend a stream of Prana into it and record everything in the piece of Vara within it.

She had no idea what happened after that. Information gathering was the only function of a Peacekeeper. Stalahh didn't know of any Peacekeeper beside her. To avoid infiltrators from reverse tracking the Peacekeeper network after stumbling upon one of them, Yarsha Zahara made a note to ensure no one was aware of each other's identity.

Following that, a unique folder was assigned to every Peacekeeper. And the person collecting the folders wasn't aware of their purpose. The folders were encrypted in advance so that once the information was placed in them, they could neither be accessed nor detected.

It was an advanced application of a Glove Slip, which prevented even cultivators using the same cultivation technique to not detect an Information Slip. This ensured the confidentiality of the folders, which were typically regular appliances such as a chair, table, utensil, etc.

Depending on the setting, the appliance varied. In Stalahh's case, the folder was a dustbin. Once the day ended, the dustbin would be sealed and sent to a waste disposal plant. There, among a team of quality checkers would be a hidden agent carrying an item capable of detecting the folder.

They'll gather the folder and use an item similar to a Glove Slip, which can copy the information in the folder. Immediately in response, the data in the folder gets erased automatically.

Even in this apparatus, the data was encrypted. The hidden agent too was unable to access the information in it. He/she would gather all the folders at the waste disposal plant and send the folders to their original location.

Following that, the data in their possession would be sent to the capital. Moreover, to ensure they wouldn't leak any information, Yarsha Zahara personally modified their Human Avatars to grant them a Nature. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Secondary Nature—Information Lock!

Every time they come in contact with a folder, the Nature of Information Lock activates, causing them to forget everything related to it once the time passes. The Nature had been wired to activate only in the presence of a folder and when it does, everyone in their Spirit Weapon range will subconsciously focus on something else and not stare in their direction.

Finally, once the data arrives at the capital, a group of people that don't exist officially, also equipped with the Secondary Nature of Information Lock will access the data.

They lived in a secluded building, never leaving its premises for even an instant, working tirelessly on compiling the information gained through the Peacekeeper Network. They'll tabulate the information on all citizens and verify records and the changes they experience on a daily basis.

Finally, if any changes appear that were different than the established norm, they'd be marked accordingly and monitored. In cases with a candidate deemed an infiltrator, a specialised team of Royal Guards with Gold Grade strength would be dispatched.

They'll capture the infiltrator, extract all the information, and then neutralise them. Once unconscious, the infiltrator would be brought to Yamahara who would extract everything of value from their blood, intending to gain information on the plans of their enemies.

After that, the Royal Guards would dispose of the infiltrators.

Sitting at the top of the chain of Peacekeepers, Yarsha Zahara would constantly go through the data while taking advantage of her Mystic Grade brain, ensuring she was always aware of the changes to her Empire.

Unless one was aware of the established Peacekeeping Network, it was impossible to guard against them, including Inala.

"Four days later, I'm planning to attend a ball meant for married women like me." Stalahh expressed her excitement, "I'm confident of being the centre of attention there thanks to your suit."

"If you want more, feel free to ask me. I owe a lot to Wepetay since he was patient with me at the Noikatol Kingdom and gave me Vara even though I wasted a lot through my experiments." Inala let out a gentle smile, "It takes me a lot of time to make one though, so you'll need to ask me in advance if you want one."

"No, no, I don't intend to capitalise on your goodwill." Stalahh hurriedly waved her hands, "Even though I have no idea about weaving, just based on the incredible work of art you've created, I'm sure it must have taken you incredible time and skill to make one. It'll be cruel of me to ask for something like that."

"Alright, let's do it like this." Inala laughed and continued, "When your children come to age and enter society, I'll make an exclusive pair of suits for them, something they can wear for all functions of their adult life in pride."

"It'll be their personal brand."

"Personal brand…?" Stalahh muttered as her eyes glinted, "Is something like that possible?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "I'll be requiring a variety of Balghat wool for it, which you need to provide. But the creation process isn't all that different from making a suit of one colour."

"I would love that," Stalahh exclaimed happily, "And my children's eyes went round in amazement once they saw my suit in action. They became interested in the craft."

"Really?" Inala asked in excitement, "What did they say?"

"Well…" Stalahh smiled wryly in response, "Since even the oldest is only four years old, I can't say if the interest is genuine or not. But I am confident that the suit has made a lasting impression on them."

"I'm glad if that's the case." Inala laughed as he stared at the sky, "As long as I can pass down all my skills to someone, I can die contently."

"Oh please, you shouldn't talk like that." Stalahh said in concern, "You've entered the Body Stage. As long as you develop further, your lifespan will continue increasing."

"Yes, but I'm not sure if I can do that." Inala smiled helplessly, "I feel like I've hit my limit already."

"But that's impossible." Stalahh retorted, "We have plenty of information to use for building our Human Avatar. Even the dumbest Free Human can blindly follow it and reach the peak of the Body Stage by the end of their life."

"And Sir Binala, I don't mean to be rude, but you don't strike me as someone dumb enough to be stuck at the entry-level of the Body Stage." Towards the end of her statement, Stalahh was almost angry, "You're easily one of the most skilled individuals I have ever met in my life."

"Problem doesn't stem from my skill or capability, but my Spirit Container." Inala said and patted his chest, "You know about the influence generated by cultivation techniques, right?"

"Yes," Stalahh nodded, "But my husband said you've only used an Iron Grade Cultivation Technique before. He has gone through its information before and claimed that it's extremely weak. Gold Inheritance Art can easily overpower that influence and generate its own."

"If I had been at the Spirit Stage, then yes." Inala said, noticing Stalahh's surprise as he laughed, "It seems Wepetay forgot to mention that. Oh wait…I didn't tell him this either."

"You see…" Inala smiled wryly as he spoke, "I was at the 10-Life Stage before my Spirit Container shattered." "The influence generated by Iron Sonic Art on my Spirit Container is at its peak thanks to the stack from my original 10-Life Stage cultivation." Inala shook his head, "And that exceeds what Gold Inheritance Art can generate currently. So, reaching my current stage is pretty much my limit."

He then stared at Stalahh, "Your husband had already confirmed my hypothesis."





Chapter 733  I Fought Just Because

733  I Fought Just Because

"That's…unfortunate," Stalahh muttered, let out a polite smile, and made way to her house.

Inala casually strolled through the market and used a combination of Dual Speech and Universal Slip Skills, beginning to casually insert two extremely dangerous schools of thought into the minds of everyone around him.

The first thought was the fact that Empyrean Boars were basically enslaving the Free Humans, even though this arrangement—with the Vara Human Avatar—granted the Free Humans Silver Grade strength, they had no future once the Empyrean Boar influence increases on their successive generations.

Their fate would be similar to the Empyrean Boar Race, a state of insanity. The only way to overcome that would be to obtain the Secondary Nature of Astral Chart.

The second thought was the answer to it. The Varahan Empire Free Humans can only receive Natures from an Empyrean Boar. But what if they were to consume an Empyrean Boar?

Would it resonate with their Vara Human Avatars and condense the Empyrean Boar's Nature of Voracious Nature in their Human Avatar? Moreover, if one were to strictly consume Empyrean Boar flesh for an extended period of time while using Gold Inheritance Art, would they inherit Empyrean Boar Characteristics and eventually attain the Secondary Nature of Astral Chart after consuming the flesh of hundreds of Empyrean Boars?

Brangara had gained Astral Chart in a similar fashion!

These were the two schools of thought he had planted in the minds of the people. He neither gave any answer nor stated that it worked. Rather, it was just posed as a question sparking one's curiosity. And pursuing sparks of curiosity was human nature.

In the first school of thought, they killed and wholly consumed an Empyrean Boar to obtain Voracious Nature itself, which could make them self-sustainable in their cultivation journey.

The second school of thought didn't kill any Empyrean Boars but simply consumed their flesh, which required the latter to be a captive and be raised like a plant whose vegetables were constantly harvested.

Whether or not it worked didn't matter. Once the school of thought caught on, it would divide the society into two and break their close-knit relationship with the Wean Clan.

And of course, this was simply the initial setup. To ensure it worked, there was a lot that Inala had to do. For the time being, he simply focused on inserting the two schools of thought into the minds of everyone.

His Skills travelled through sound at the speed of sound. So, it was pretty instantaneous in close range, allowing Inala to accurately target everyone. For the Skill of Universal Slip to take effect, the resultant Zinger Shriek only needed to reach the eardrums of the target.

Sound travelled as waves, capable of coursing through all sorts of mediums except vacuum. Similar to light, they could reflect on a surface, which made it extremely easy for Inala to target someone's eardrums.

He didn't even have to use a Tangible Piezo Slip and control it precisely like a Spirit Weapon. A simple shriek would get the job done.

A few days later, Inala stared at the students in his class completing their first assignment. "Good, it seems everyone here is more talented than I had initially expected."

"Now, let's form a yarn." He said and began to expertly wind up a string, repeating the same process as before as he sent knowledge to their brains through the Universal Slip Skill.

Mystic Royal Art—Piezo Resonance!

Inaudible to the ears of the students, as soundwaves from Inala touched their skin, Zinger Shrieks resounded from their bodies, carrying in them all their surface-level thoughts. The frequency of the Zinger Shrieks was beyond their hearing range, allowing Inala to understand exactly what they were thinking currently.

'It's going well for now.' He thought by the end of the class, having maintained the Skill of Piezo Resonance nonstop for an hour. He was exhausted, having consumed most of his Prana reserve. With a smile, he watched the students leave, 'No one has suspected anything for the time being.'

'Should I be more proactive with my approach?' Inala thought for a moment before shaking his head, 'It's not necessary for the time being. Let's wait for a few more years before triggering Yarsha's information network.'

He wanted to be found out, which is when shit strikes the fan, for Yarsha Zahara would realise the Free Humans were planning to hunt her family by then. Even if that wasn't true and only a small portion had such thoughts, she'd become paranoid due to the sheer scale of Free Humans forming the Varahan Empire who could overpower the Empyrean Boars when combined, if that thought process takes complete root.

In paranoia, she'd launch the first strike, 'Even if that doesn't happen, I can always modify my plans to keep up with the changes.'

The more intelligent she was, the stronger her paranoia, since she could actually think of the various ways the Free Humans could target and hunt the Wean Clansmen. The effectiveness of Inala's plans increased with respect to his opponent's intelligence.

Days passed in such a fashion as Inala walked through a crowded market, cursing at a middle-aged man who had bumped into him, "Are your eyes for decoration? Can't you see an old man walking nearby?"

"If you're old, go rest underground, eternally." The middle-aged man eyes Inala from top to bottom before snorting in disdain, "Barely has the qualifications to live here and has an ego surpassing His Highness."

"Fucker, are you mad?" Inala glared at the latter, following up with a quick jab, striking the man on his jaw.

"What…" The middle-aged man intended to rage when his eyes blanked out. When he came to his senses, he was on the ground, being propped up by a kind onlooker, "What the heck happened?"

"At your age, I was travelling through the nests of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, brat." Inala snorted in disdain, "I've lived longer than you for a reason. Keep it in mind if you don't wish to be embarrassed like today."

"You sneak attacked me and dare to play cool?" The middle-aged man got up with a snort and activated his Human Avatar, covering most of his body with it. He had smartly built his Human Avatar at all the vulnerable places, ensuring his actual body didn't get wounded critically.

And any damage to his Human avatar could be healed through Prana without issues.

"Oh shit, they're fighting!"

"Quick! Move back, everyone!" The onlookers scattered away, forming a wider encirclement around the duo of Inala and the middle-aged man.

"Seems that guy is pissed. He's using an attack Nature." One of the onlookers commented upon sensing the fluctuation in the middle-aged man's presence.

"Are you done preparing?" Inala purposefully yawned as he stared at the middle-aged man, "How long do you need to activate Shredded Lunge?"

"What…" The middle-aged man was stunned for an instant before rage clouded his mind. He activated the Nature of Shredded Lunge and flickered before Inala, unleashing a punch. The punch was just for show. The real attack was the wind blades unleashed upon the end of Shredded Lunge.

Four blades of wind gushed out of his enclosed fist, with each rotating separately as they flew in Inala's direction, only to accurately miss him. The wind blades spun to accurately align themselves in the gaps between his arm and midriff, his legs, etc.

'Impossible!' The middle-aged man was in a state of shock before being knocked unconscious by a punch to the face.

Mystic Royal Art—Piezo Resonance!

Inala wasn't talking just to insult the other party. Instead, the sounds forming his words slammed into the middle-aged man and resulted in Zinger Shrieks that allowed Inala to grasp the latter's surface-level thoughts. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Thanks to this, Inala knew how the middle-aged man's attack would transpire and simply positioned himself accordingly to evade the wind blades generated by Shredded Lunge. He had a complete grasp of this Nature, possessing its data.

Inala had data on all the Natures that Brangara had used to date, so evading Shredded Lunge's attack was child's play.

[Amazing!]

[I didn't know you could do that!]

[How did this uncle know to position himself like that?]

Inala listened to the Zinger Shrieks containing the surface-level thoughts of everyone in the crowd, intending to focus on anything that was even the slightest different from the norm. Soon, he could hear one such voice.

[This man has joined us only recently. So, how could he express such a high level of skill? Is he an infiltrator?]

Inala expressed no change in facial expression but had already locked onto the natural frequency of the body from where this Zinger Shriek had been emitted. 'I know your body's soundwaves now.'

[Hmm…I felt a mild prick on my skin, but I haven't been using my Prana detection method.]

He stopped using the Piezo Resonance Skill immediately after hearing this voice, focusing on the direction from where it originated. 'This shouldn't be a frequency that a Free Human could feel though.'

Inala thought and silently recorded the information about this second individual, making a mental note to use an even higher frequency than before, 'It'll strain my vocal cords to the extreme, but I have no other choice if I don't wish to be found out.'

"Youngsters these days have no manners." Inala spat in irritation and walked away, mumbling nonstop to express that he was disappointed by the current generation, a typical action by the older populace.

Internally, his thoughts were functioning at full speed, processing the information he had obtained. The previous fight was just an excuse for him to use Piezo Resonance through normal sounds. It was just him exercising caution, since if he wasn't speaking but his vocal cords were vibrating nonstop, someone or the other would notice that something was amiss.

But even when he exercised caution, the Zinger Shrieks emitted by the bodies of the bystanders were still felt by one of the Free Humans. 'I need to figure out the reason this individual could feel the shrieks, even if only mildly.'

He left the market and returned home, a humble one-bedroom house enough for an old man like to him live in. He approached the cabinet and opened it to reveal a row of medicines, downing one of them in a hurry.

The medicine flowed down his throat and began to heal his aching vocal cords, which had been damaged after extended use. His Prana's healing effect on the throat increased after downing this medicine, which was something he had Zhya had created.

'Now, what kind of Universal Slip should I weave into his suit?' Inala pondered as he took a seat on his bed, 'Will it be too soon to target a Wean Clansman? Or should I wait until the two schools of thought begin to take effect on the populace?'

10:21

The recipe was simple enough for him to follow. Inala made it by selectively combining other medicines available in the Varahan Empire's market. His pay was decent enough to spend on medicines.

Moreover, MunuBuntara had ordered him to make ten suits, each of which would net him 120 Yoked Wyrm Natures of Bio-Synthesis. The price was pretty fair and Inala intended to target MunuBuntara, which was made possible through the suits.

For the regular individual, the suit was an impressive piece of fabric. But for Inala, it was a playground to weave together Piezo Slips through as many Prana Stitch as possible. He did have his Palm Stitch Skill to rely upon for the intended purpose.

'Now, what kind of Universal Slip should I weave into his suit?' Inala pondered as he took a seat on his bed, 'Will it be too soon to target a Wean Clansman? Or should I wait until the two schools of thought begin to take effect on the populace?'

He outweighed the pros and cons of both options, thinking soon enough, 'What is that violet freak up to now? He has been here for a while now and has already made his way to the Capital.'

At the Capital City, Narkn, in the sole illegal establishment of the Empire that sold alcohol was the person in question, pouring drinks to a pair of innocent, old women. "Drinks to the gorgeous who forgot to age."

"Oh please, you're the only one who says that." The two women grabbed their glasses and downed them, acting nonchalant while in truth, the compliment got to them, making them blush in embarrassment.





Chapter 734  Selling Alcohol

734  Selling Alcohol n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I have no reason to lie, as you have witnessed in the past couple of months," Virala said and poured another drink to the two ladies.

"You…are right." One of the ladies gulped the drink and spoke with a flushed expression, her voice choking towards the end, "If I hadn't come across this place, I would have lost the will to live."

"Things are just…sad." She said as the other lady rubbed her back and began to console her.

"Oftentimes in life, we come across issues without a plausible solution." Virala let out a mild sigh and casually poured another drink, "If we allow such things to get to us, we'll collapse sooner than later. I have created this establishment as a solution to such issues."

"Drink," He said and offered two glasses to the two ladies, "Drink and forget your worries, at least for tonight. The medicine I brewed helps you live without worries."

"And once you rest and wake up tomorrow, you'll have more strength than usual. You will be better equipped to tackle your issues."

"I know, Sir Rala." The woman nodded with a flushed face, "That's why I've become a regular patron of this establishment."

Rala was one of the names Virala used to operate this alcohol business. Due to alcohol's characteristics, it could dissolve with the blood and turn the Prana being carried by the blood sluggish.

It not only made one's abilities weak, but also weakened their Spirit Containers when consumed for an extended period. This was why alcohol was never found in any Free Human Kingdoms.

If a human body was damaged in any way, the body's Prana would serve to heal it. This was an automatic response that Prana unleashed on its own. This was also why when someone was in harm's way, their cultivation technique and Natures would activate on their own, even without conscious thought.

10:22

It was their Prana taking action to protect the body. Being an energy form that was a fusion of the energies of the body, mind, and soul, Prana could exist with a mind of its own, though it was extremely minimal and limited.

And the higher the quality of Prana, the greater the characteristics of body, mind, and soul it displays. This was why many Pranic Beasts could evolve simply by consuming the Prana of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

However, when someone consumes alcohol, it numbs the mind's characteristics of Prana, weakening its reaction. Prana would become sluggish, as if in a state of slumber. Therefore, even if the body were to be damaged in this time period, the healing response wouldn't be fast enough.

It wasn't just that. An intoxicated person wouldn't even be able to use their Prana detection methods as they wouldn't even sense the prickles on their skin. Moreover, in such a state, their bodies wouldn't exercise control when using their Nature, which can damage their Spirit Weapon.

Natures such as Eddy Blades were heavy on Prana consumption, requiring 300 units of Prana for a single activation. The amount of Prana that had to be pumped through the blood towards the body's extremities was tremendous, placing enough strain on the Spirit Container to even shatter it.

This was why Bludders spun their bodies at tremendous speeds, using the force of rotation to pull the Prana towards their extremity in a short instant. Many Pranic Beasts that needed to gather large amounts of Prana in a short duration had similar methods.

However, when intoxicated, they wouldn't do that and instead stand still, placing all the strain on their Spirit Containers. It wouldn't be strange if the Spirit Container exploded in response.

Alcohol was something that could be produced easily. However, due to the dangers it posed, any sentient existence strayed away from it actively.

Some Iron Grade Pranic Beasts straight up destroyed any plants that produced alcohol. Anything that weakens their Prana was no different from a poison. And hence, they treated alcohol with the same sentiment, even in the Free Human Kingdoms.

The Varahan Empire was the same too. There were a few native shrubs in the region whose fruits contained a high concentration of alcohol. One of the first actions that Yarsha Zahara had taken was to eradicate these shrubs.

Even the Zahara Kingdom had records maintained about such shrubs, aware that humans were instinctively susceptible to alcohol's allure. A few drinks and their Prana weakens, which makes it easier for them to drink more alcohol, since none of their natural reflexes would warn them against the dangers posed by their actions.

As alcohol was dangerous, every force destroyed any plants that could produce it. However, this was only towards plants whose alcohol concentration was high enough to be detected. As no one produces alcohol, they had a rudimentary understanding of it at best.

No one was aware that alcohol could be produced from pretty much any organic produce. Only the methods and cost of production varied.

To weaken the Varahan Empire from within, Virala simply purchased some common fruits from the market and brewed alcohol using them. An alcohol addiction among the populace was enough to collapse even the great Varahan Empire.

Schemes and tactics were unnecessary. Alcoholics were more than enough to destroy everything of value. And among the populace, he had an easier target—the old people.

The Varahan Empire expanded its population by absorbing Free Human Kingdoms. Anyone who could forge a Vara Human Avatar was granted entry. At first, everything seemed great. However, as the Empire continued to grow, a section of its population felt left behind.

This consisted of the older folks from the Free Human Kingdom who had high positions in the Kingdoms. But as they were old and had other Human Avatars originally, even if they succeeded in forging a Vara Human Avatar, their growth was limited at the Body Stage.

They soon hit their limits, which caused dissatisfaction to build up in them. Entering the Silver Grade meant a lifespan expansion by a couple of centuries at the very least. However, to get all this lifespan, they would have to reach the peak of the Body Stage.

If suppose Vara Human Avatar granted 300 years at the peak of the Body Stage, someone who had only built thirty percent will get an increase in lifespan by ninety years. And this older populace wasn't able to exceed five to ten percent in building their Vara Human Avatar.

They were originally enamoured by the sheer scale and grandeur of the Varahan Empire. However, once they began to adapt and accustomed to the place, suppressed thoughts surfaced. Everyone in their vicinity, Free Humans a lot younger than them were blazing past them in cultivation.

They were gradually left in the dust, having little to no say in society, and garnering no respect since everyone was stronger than them.

Every day, they lived with burdened thoughts, vexed at being unable to grow strong any longer. These were the people that Virala targeted, giving them the taste of solace and comfort that alcohol granted.

"My son entered the 2-Life Stage," The lady seated on the counter before Virala commented once she was drunk, "He's currently strong enough to win against a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. That level of strength puts him well above the masses here. And he…drunk with power…"

Tears streamed down her eyes as she spoke, "My previous Kingdom was battered by constant Pranic Beast invasions. My husband was a Commander, having Silver Grade strength at the 4-Life Stage. He fought to protect everyone. And on that day,"

Her lips trembled as she said, "Among the horde of Pranic Beasts attacking us was a Death Knell. We were prepared for slaughter, since every time a Death Knell appeared, it neutralised at least a dozen Commanders with its Primary Nature. My husband sacrificed himself to kill it."

The glass she gripped shattered as she expressed in anger, "Yesterday, my son had the gall to say my husband died a useless death. He said he could have killed the Death Knell without any issue."

"Tell me, Sir Rala!" She stared at Virala to shout, "My husband did everything in his power to protect us. But just because he has become stronger at a lower cultivation, my son has become arrogant. I understand he cannot remember the past well since he was a child when we arrived at the Varahan Empire. But how could he claim the sacrifices of our past as valueless?"

"It's the same here too." A man in his late fifties who had been drinking at a farther table alone all along said, sighing as he stared at the ceiling, "My father had to sell one of my brothers for a hundred Parute. My daughter spent that amount yesterday to buy a shoe that she plans to wear once."

"They don't understand our struggles since they are living in abundance."

"My son doesn't wish to continue our family legacy." A middle-aged man seated in the centre said, "I'm from a Kingdom that was situated on the shore of the Red-Draft River. My family has been making a living by carving the discarded carapace shells of Centingers into intricate potware for generations. I wanted my son to at least inherit the skills polished by our forefathers, but called them trash."

He downed a jug of alcohol to grumble, "He even possesses the Centinger's Nature. So, he considers my family's skill as useless."

"It's similar here." Another man complained, "Any techniques we polished are labelled useless by this generation, since they can simply activate a Nature to create the same product. They don't understand art."

The people began to complain nonstop, all while Virala never opened his mouth. He simply listened, for he didn't have to do anything other than supply them with alcohol. A group of men of various ages walked around and refilled the jugs of the seated customers.

They were all puppets, made from Virala's flesh. The walls of the establishment were covered by intricate murals of Pranic Beasts. But the eyes of these murals were real. They were Virala's eyes, acting as his Spirit Weapons.

Even the one pouring the drinks at the counter, called Rala, was just a puppet.

Mystic Nature Art—Spirit Weapon Switch!

This one Skill was more than enough for Virala to control a group of puppets seamlessly. He had been primarily training this Skill, since it was a growth-type Skill. Even Brimgan Royals spend all their lives training the Skill and would never hit a limit.

Virala intended to reach Brandal Brimgan's level of expertise with the Skill and hence focused on it primarily. His establishment was built right underneath his house, with the cloth store that he was a manager at located nearby.

Virala was seated at the house, controlling the puppets. The manager at the store, sporting his original appearance, the bartender Rala with a different appearance, and everyone that worked on brewing and serving drinks were puppets with modified faces.

While the customers began to talk with each other, venting their frustrations under the influence of alcohol, Virala noticed that a couple was silently seated, having barely drunk their alcohol, 'Another investigative team. The Varahan Empire is incredibly swift with such things.'

Through the eyes embedded in the wall, Virala observed them from his seat in his house. His control shifted to his various puppets one after another, taking less than a hundredth of a second for every shift.

The bartender Rala walked to the seated duo, a man and woman in their early thirties, nearing the peak of the Body Stage. "It seems the two of you don't like the drinks."

"They're just…bitter." Just as the woman intended to reply, the man nudged her and spoke instead, playing on his part in acting, "We came here upon recommendation from a friend, but I don't think we'll come again."

'Someone must have shown up drunk at work, news spread, and these two officers had been dispatched to conduct an investigation.' Virala thought in an instant, 'It's just a matter of days before this place gets raided and everyone involved will be arrested.'

'Then, I guess it's time to expand beyond this place.' Virala thought and smiled, "Medicines are always bitter. Well, why don't I make something else for the two of you?"

[Should we make a move?]

[No, we need to gather all the details first. How many people are involved in this, who is funding this operation, and from where they are gathering the materials to brew alcohol? We can only take action after figuring out everything. Otherwise, our enemies will become craftier and hide even better.]

[Then, what do you suppose I do? I don't want to drink this crap. What if we get addicted?]

[That's why I didn't want you to come with me. You suck at acting.]

The man glared at the woman for an instant before he smiled at Virala, "Then, we'll take up on your offer."

"Something sweet works, right?" Virala asked, unaware of the exchange that happened between the man and woman through their Vara Slips.

"Yes," The man nodded as Virala beckoned the two to the counter.

Ten minutes later, he poured a drink to the two, "Not everyone can stomach alcohol. So, I've made a non-alcoholic drink for the two of you."

[Alcohol?]

[Is this guy onto us?]

The two became nervous for an instant, for selling alcohol was illegal. And even when anyone tried to do it, they usually labelled them as medicines, since alcohol was used as a solvent for some medicines, though incredibly rare in Sumatra due to their negative effect on Prana.

But the fact that Virala used the term directly alarmed them.

"It's alright," Virala shook his head, "You're not the first group of officers that have arrived here. If you wish to arrest me, you can go ahead. I'm not concerned, since I have a few years left to live anyway."

He then casually pointed at the drinks, "But do tell me if they taste good. I pride myself in brewing whatever my customer wants, whether it's alcohol, medicine, or even an Elixir."





Chapter 735  No Schemes Are Necessary

"I pride myself in brewing whatever my customer wants, whether it's alcohol, medicine, or even an Elixir," Virala said as he eyed the duo before him.

"We're not the first group of officers to inspect this place?" The man among the duo, named Pierra frowned, recalling some vague information about the establishment in their records. He readied himself to nab Virala at the slightest hint of movement from the latter and acted casual, revealing his identity to gleam more information.

"You guys are investigating the recent string of alcohol consumption among the populace, right?" Virala said as he stared the duo in the eye, "But for some reason, you've been unable to find any leads. That's why you've stumbled upon this place."

'He knows about our investigation?' Pierra was surprised for an instant before he controlled his facial expression. He extended his hand subtly and pinched Tallua, the female officer accompanying him, slightly, nudging her to remain quiet.

He didn't want her to flip out and cause a scene, which might disrupt this opportunity to peacefully interrogate Virala for information. A moment later, Pierra nodded with a show of concern, "Yes, we're on the case since there have been multiple witness reports of people showing up for work drunk. We even had an accident recently."

"Of course, everyone here has Silver Grade strength, so most of the damage was something we could heal from. However, we don't want this to implicate the children. That's why we're in a hurry to nab the culprits." He said and stared at Virala, "You're a suspect too, Sir Rala."

He then pointed at a man who walked to the wall and picked up a vial from one of the enclosed shelves to drink, following which he left the establishment, "Do you know what those vials are?"

"We have been observing it, but we're not sure." Pierra had just spoken when Tallua walked to the shelf and took out two vials, following which she returned and placed the same on the counter.

"That's alright with me." Virala said and extended his hand towards the duo, exhibiting no resistance, "I'll cooperate to my utmost capacity. I run this place as a means to offer the despairing people some comfort. Reality is often stressful. Of course, I am aware that this is an illegal establishment."

He then pointed at a man who walked to the wall and picked up a vial from one of the enclosed shelves to drink, following which he left the establishment, "Do you know what those vials are?"

"We have been observing it, but we're not sure." Pierra had just spoken when Tallua walked to the shelf and took out two vials, following which she returned and placed the same on the counter.

"May I inspect it?" Pierra smiled wryly at Tallua's actions as he asked Virala. Seeing the latter nod, he uncorked one of the vials and sniffed it, surprised to see his Prana become faintly active in response, "This is…?"

"It's a medicine that jolts one's Prana." Virala said, "When someone's drunk, they can drink this and sober up in a matter of minutes. After drinking it, they'll feel an urge to urinate, through which most of the alcohol content in their body is flushed out, following which their Prana could work on flushing out the remaining."

"It's my creation." Virala smiled smugly, "This medicine is the reason the previous officers haven't shut this place down, since I have taken measures to ensure people can come here to vent their frustrations without any negative effects."

"Then, do you have any ideas of the drunkards appearing recently?" Tallua glared at Virala as if he were the culprit, her expression fierce, "Accept it if you're part of the problem."

"I may not be responsible, but I have something that might help your investigation." Virala reached his hand into the nearby cabinet and pulled out a worn-out book. He brought it to the counter and paused, thinking for a couple of seconds before he gave it to Pierra, "Be careful since it's fragile."

"This is…?" Pierra glanced into the contents of the book as his hands trembled. Sweat dripped down faintly from his forehead as he flipped through the pages, staring up a few minutes later to ask Virala, "This is a recipe book to brew alcohol."

"Where did you get your hands on this?" He stared at Virala.

"Please look into the lines that I have marked in the book." Virala said next, "Exclude those lines from the recipe and see the result." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"With these specific lines…" Pierra noticed small markings across the pages that he had ignored first. Now that he excluded them and stared at the recipes, he frowned, "They are simply tea recipes."

"Yes, in fact, these tea recipes are famously enjoyed by the Mammoth Clan." Virala said, observing the shock of the duo before continuing, "The Bollutiya Kingdom that I hail from served tea from this recipe book to the Mammoth Clan. It's a decently famous recipe book that was supposedly available in their market."

"However," He spoke before the two could say anything, "Someone made modifications to the tea recipes. With these modifications, one could turn tea into alcohol."

"Are you saying you followed this recipe book?" Pierra asked.

"Did you make this recipe book?" Tallua intended to interrogate Virala immediately.

"I didn't live in the Bollutiya Kingdom, since it was destroyed by the Mammoth Clan before my birth. The alcohol recipes I know are something my father taught me in hopes of using them to exact vengeance against the Mammoth Clan." Virala shook his head, "I'm only using my family's recipes."

He then pointed at the book, "I found this in the nearby market. Since it was pretty similar to the one I saw my dad reading when I was a kid, I purchased it immediately."

"Which market did you purchase it from?" Pierra asked the details, frowning, 'If this has been circulating in the market, then anyone can follow the process written here to convert tea into alcohol.'

'And, there's no guarantee that he isn't the cause.' Pierra thought as he stared at Virala, 'Everything feels convoluted but geared in his favour.'

"Actually, I have told this to the other officer groups too." Virala said, changing his words after a couple of seconds of thought, "No, I think I only told it to two other officers. I didn't have this book the first time I was questioned."

"We'll need you to come with us." Tallua felt Virala's response was odd for some reason. She felt like she was being led on a wild goose chase by this individual who she couldn't see through for some reason.

"Okay," Virala nodded and walked out, intending to accompany the officer duo when one of the ladies on the counter that Virala had complimented before stood in their way.

"What are you doing?" Tallua stared at the older woman with a frown, "Do you comprehend the consequences of your actions?"

"Comprehend what?" The older woman glared in annoyance, "All I'm seeing is a snob destroying our sole peaceful session during the day."

"Selling alcohol is a punishable crime by the Empire's laws!" Tallua raised her voice, glaring at the customers, "As patrons of this place, you'll also be held accountable."

"You think that can scare us?" A middle-aged man slowly got up and approached Tallua. He stared at her from top to bottom before saying, "Were you born here?"

"So what?" Tallua glared at the middle-aged man in response, "What difference does it make? It doesn't give you an excuse to commit a crime."

"It's not a crime, lady." The middle-aged man scoffed and waved his hand toward the rest of the customers, "Do you have any idea of the customers of this place?"

He pointed at himself and snorted, "I'm the architect in charge of designing the seats in the railway."

He pointed at the older woman who silently stood before Tallua, "This woman is an agricultural expert who is in charge of ensuring the crop yield satisfies the appetite of the Wean Clan."

Tallua's eyes widened as she stared at the older woman before her, 'This blushing drunkard is someone so important?'

The middle-aged man made a general introduction and snorted at the end, "Have you seen any of us make an issue at work? Never! If any of us had made a single mistake, the consequences would have been felt by a large section of society."

"We face a lot of stress at work, and when we return home, our kids who are sheltered brats like you question everything we're working hard for!" He grumbled, "A twist of your Human Avatar and the activation of a Nature creates an item that we spend weeks to months designing. Since you have Skills for each Nature, you feel everything is easy in life, unaware of the sheer sacrifices we made to get this far."

"You're strong, right?" The older woman looked down on Tallua, "When you consume food and activate the Nature of Bio-Synthesis, do you use any Skill to improve the process?"

"Yes," Tallua nodded and listed a couple of Skills that she used typically.

"I was in charge of the team that created the Skill." The older woman said, "Do you know how much time we spent on the creation of that single Skill?"

"N-No," Tallua stammered, unable to give an answer.

"It took a team of 40 researchers a combined time of eight months to complete it." The older woman said, "Before the Varahan Empire was established, a Skill was created at most once a generation, and only geniuses were said to be capable of creating even a single Skill."

"But how many Skills do you think are in our database?" She asked next, stating upon seeing Tallua's silence, "Thousands! And the number is steadily increasing. These are created by us, those part of the older generation, the ones who are unable to even reach the peak of the Body Stage."

"Our generation survived in times where results were barely a thousandth the invested effort. So, none of you greenhouse saplings understand our pain when you're rewarded with results a hundred times the effort you put in." By the time she was done, the older woman was gasping, having vented all her mind.

The older woman then approached the wall, downed a vial, and regulated her breathing. Once she had sobered up fully, she glared at Tallua, "Every single customer here is well aware of the risks of consuming alcohol. That's why these medicines exist."

"My generation has a lot of pent-up emotions. I'm afraid even the Empress does, since the facilities of her home Kingdom are a far cry from the advancements and convenience we have at the Varahan Empire. This establishment is our only source of comfort." The older woman glared at Tallua threateningly, "I visit here once a week. The next time I come here and I don't see you, I'll go on a strike."

"We all would do." She pointed at the customers, "Your department will be held responsible, for instead of capturing the true scum that is responsible for the cases of drunkards popping up everywhere, you are capturing a gentleman."

"Even though this is an illegal establishment, your department has been aware of its operation since day one." The middle-aged man from before snorted as he downed his vial of medicine and stormed out, "Do what you will with that information."

"This is why I wanted to investigate as peacefully as possible." Pierra sighed as he patted Tallua, turned around, and stared at Virala, "We'll return another day."

"Visit whenever you want. I'll be here unless it's my rest time." Virala gave a knowing smile as he watched the inspector duo leave. He then made a bow of gratitude towards the customers, "Thank you for standing up for me. I'm truly grateful."

"That discussion irritated me." One of the older women commented as she groaned in exhaustion, "Can you make some soothing tea for us, Sir Rala?"

"Right away," Virala nodded, "I'll make one for everyone. It'll be on the house."

"I want one from…" One of the customers raised his voice, stopping when Virala smiled his way.

"Peckurice tea, right?" Virala smiled as he tapped the side of his head, "I remember the preferences of everyone."

"That's why this establishment is one of a kind!" The man laughed heartily, "Whether it's to drink tea or alcohol, I always prefer here to any other place."

"You can bring your family during the daytime. I will be serving only tea during then." Virala said, winking once, "Of course, you need to tell me a day in advance. Otherwise, I'll be fast asleep."

"Hahaha! You have great humour, Sir Rala!" The man laughed as if he heard the funniest joke in history, immediately joined by others.

'Drunkards find everything funny.' Virala thought as he stared at the two drinks on the counters, 'Those two officers didn't touch it. But that's alright. They had a taste of this place. And the moment their work stress reaches a certain level, they'll be here naturally.'

'No schemes are necessary when I have such a great, destructive hand.' Virala thought, letting out a smile.





Chapter 736  Spirit Puppet Slip

Virala's plan was extremely simple—to create an outlet for the people's emotions and become a form of reliance for them.

If his establishment never existed in the first place, the people would have simply suppressed their emotions, as they did for generations. After all, their lives at the Varahan Empire was heavenly when compared to their existence in their native.

The so-called concern they faced was child's play when compared to the death they were faced with every single day in their previous Kingdoms. However, emotions weren't logic that worked on absolute factors.

They were relative in nature, which he capitalised upon the most. His establishment was a place where people in important positions of work socialised and vented their job's stress. And to achieve such a setup, Virala only had to convince four people at a respectable position of work.

That was all. Once they became reliant on the source of comfort and peace that his establishment provided, they became regular customers and then recommended people from their field of work that they were on good terms with and were also aware of being suffering from excessive stress.

Most of the recommended people were part of the older generation that had survived in the Kingdoms. The remainder were those who had spent their childhood in the Kingdoms and lived their adult life at the Varahan Empire.

Aware of two different perspectives, they had a lot to discuss and share with, in situations without prior inhibitions or positional egos. Alcohol was a medicine that brought down all barriers, which made them addicted to the place more than the alcohol itself.

And these people used their influence to protect Virala and his place. Of course, as Virala had done everything in his power to ensure these people wouldn't be in a drunken state as they left his establishment, there was never any issue that stemmed from his place itself.

It was why even when the inspector department became aware of the place, they couldn't shut it down forcefully. Heck, some of the higher-ups of the inspector department too were patrons of the place.

These higher-ups were involved in lots of problems that cropped up in the Varahan Empire as it was a melting pot of cultures from countless Kingdoms. It was impossible for everything to mesh into a singular whole without issues popping up all the time.

Over time, they found themselves at this nameless establishment, having drinks of alcohol while venting their frustrations.

As for the alcohol-related problems that have begun appearing in society recently, he wasn't responsible. Of course, it would be a lie to say he had no hand in the matter.

Among the customers he brought in, not everyone wanted to vent their frustrations. Some were also the opportunistic kind. They wanted to become part of the business upon seeing the sheer money that Virala was raking in.

These people conveniently stumbled upon discussions between Virala and his customers, learning about there being old recipe books for alcohol brewing hidden amidst pages of cookbooks. Of course, these 'customers' were Virala's puppets.

And for some days following that 'leak of information', there were vendors in the market selling such books.

Once the ambitious ones got their hands on the recipes and figured out how easy it was to manufacture alcohol from common ingredients, their ambitions blossomed. They intended to form a large underground market and hence roped in a lot of similarly ambitious people from various fields.

Underground establishments began to pop up one after another, serving alcohol of varying costs. The advertisements too were subtle but managed to gather an audience from the fun-loving younger generation that had a lot of spare money.

Even a commoner in the Varahan Empire was wealthier than the Noikatol King. It was not to mention the scions from affluent households. A place to dance, drink alcohol, and let loose was an instant hit.

Moreover, these establishments quickly innovated various ways of entertainment as too many ambitious people entered the market and competed with each other. To avoid losing their customers, they tried to one-up each other.

Of course, in their effort to do so, many establishments went overboard, causing the authorities to crack down on them. However, plenty of alcohol establishments continued to function, creating a self-sustaining market.

Innovations accompanied desires. All Virala did here was find a couple of ambitious people and plant the idea in them. The seed he planted had already become a tree, so much so that a large number of inspectors were dispatched to tackle the growing concern of alcohol consumption.

'A cancer that gnaws on society, the root cause of all problems.' Virala smirked as he closed the establishment once it was dawn. The Rala puppet retired for the day while Virala sat in his room, resting as most of the workers in charge of production also stopped.

They entered a storage room that was connected to a discharge. When necessary, Virala could burst their bodies into body fluids and discharge them through the channel, the bottom of which led to the roots of the Decodus Tree.

The Decodus Tree would absorb everything in a matter of minutes, erasing all traces of the puppets. Even when in liquid form, they were a part of his body, which meant he could control them through psychokinesis.

This meant that Virala was always in the lead, ensuring none of his puppets could ever be captured or restrained. In the worst-case scenario, he would simply sacrifice them.

"Phew," Virala wiped the sweat covering his forehead as he observed his Spirit Containers, seeing that they were empty. With a thought, he destroyed it, smiling upon seeing a new cluster of eighty Spirit Containers form due to the effects of Spirit Container Lock.

The Spirit Container Lock had been used to suppress his cultivation to the Spirit Stage, keeping in him a reserve of eighty units of Prana. Hence, it will try to maintain that on him. Using up Prana wasn't an issue, since that was normal and could be recovered upon food consumption.

However, shattering the Spirit Containers went against the rule, since without a Spirit Container, Virala wouldn't be at the Spirit Stage. Therefore, to ensure he was at the Spirit Stage, the Spirit Container Lock would forge a new batch of Spirit Containers for him.

Virala calculated that the Spirit Container Lock was drawing power from his Mystic Human Spirit Container. Therefore, it would keep making new Spirit Containers until it runs out of Prana to draw from.

It also meant that if Virala was in urgent need of Prana, he could destroy his current cluster and instantly form a new batch. This way, he could draw on his actual Prana reserve, which was pretty much at the Mystic Grade.

The Mystic Grade Prana, when broken down into the version used by him at the Spirit Stage pretty much implied an almost inexhaustible resource. It allowed him to work on his ambitions without issues.

Of course, he had already achieved his purpose. Therefore, Virala was gradually trimming down his puppets.

He had a total of two Skills, which was all he had focused on the entire time. After all, the sheer possibilities brought by them were endless.

Mystic Nature Art—Spirit Weapon Switch!

Once Virala realised that he could use parts of his body as Spirit Weapons, the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch became the most valuable. After all, through psychokinesis, Virala could modify his Spirit Weapons, meaning to reshape the body parts.

Through that, he changed the facial features of the puppets, altered their physique, etc. Even after so long, Virala felt that he had barely scratched the infinite possibilities such an ability presented.

That made Spirit Weapon Switch all the more valuable, since it meant he could control as army of himself. Though they cannot transform since they lack a Spirit Container, Virala could still make them after he transforms.

This meant that if he wanted, he could make an army of Empyrean Boar King puppets, which was extremely terrifying, even for him. Using Brandal Brimgan's memories, Virala derived Mystic Kinesis Art's Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch and derived its counterpart for Mystic Nature Art.

At that point, he thought of one thing—what if he could give these puppets better instructions?

The complex Spirit Weapons used by the Brimgan Royals followed the same logic. The Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch was used to control the various moving parts of an apparatus-type Spirit Weapon, the example of one being the turbine that Amita Brimgan had created for Farloon Brimgan and his family.

Currently, whatever he wanted the puppet to do had to be done by himself through psychokinesis, manually. This included the complex muscular movements a human body does to even walk. Doing the same was extremely difficult for a larger number of puppets, exponentially more difficult than controlling regular Spirit Weapons by Free Human cultivators.

The complex Spirit Weapons used by the Brimgan Royals followed the same logic. The Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch was used to control the various moving parts of an apparatus-type Spirit Weapon, the example of one being the turbine that Amita Brimgan had created for Farloon Brimgan and his family.

To realistically control a human puppet in battle would expend just too much brainpower, even for Virala's actual body. Therefore, Virala wanted to form a solution for the same, to which he derived a specific Skill.

Mystic Nature Art—Spirit Puppet Slip!

Mystic Humans used Spirit Containers as Information Slips. These Spirit Containers belonged to the Spirit Stage and were extremely unstable. However, they were Spirit Containers at the end of the day.

And a heart was naturally equipped to hold one. Since the puppets were forged out of his body and the flesh was an exact replica, with the only difference being a lack of a Spirit Container, can't he simply surgically plant one at the same spot?

Once surgically implanted, Virala would input a set of instructions in the Spirit Containers that doubled as Information Slips. The instructions were a set of actions that needed to be performed in response to a trigger. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

If the trigger is to walk a step forward, all the information necessary to facilitate the movement was present in the Information Slip. The Prana funnelling into the Spirit Containers from Virala would activate this information and control the body.

The stimulus from the Spirit Container would be received by the brain which would then send a command, based on the information taken from the Information Slip. Now, the puppet would move on its own.

Originally, Virala had to manually make the body move accordingly. Now, all he had to do was send in the command and the Prana necessary to facilitate the action. This process drastically reduced the load on his brain, allowing him to control the puppets with greater fluidity.

There was a lag, however, as the puppet's brain received stimulus from the Spirit Container before sending electric signals through the central nervous system. But it was still revolutionary, as it allowed the current Virala to control a fleet of puppets without his brain melting from the strain.

Moreover, this lag would reduce drastically when a Mystic Human uses the same method as they were all at the Gold Grade. And when used by the Mystic Human Virala, the lad would become virtually non-existent.

The Skills of Spirit Weapon Switch and Spirit Puppet Slip were all Virala had and all he felt were necessary. After all, he had no guarantee that a Mystic Human would reach the end of this path even after training in it all their life.

There was no limit to the control one could display with it by using the two Skills in conjunction. It was an endlessly growing ability, one that was perfect for the Mystic Humans.

'Whatever you're planning, Inala, I hope you're fast enough.' Virala thought as he slumped on his bed, assuming a state of comfort, 'My weapon can grow and fuel itself. Even if I were to be killed today, the seeds of disaster have already been sown.'

'Alcohol consumption leads to an erosion of humanity, morals, and everything of the like. It's the start of one's fall.' Virala thought as he recalled his time on Earth, 'And every case of infidelity that I took part in began in a place that served alcohol. But at least on Earth, human capability was limited, so there were still some ways to counter alcoholism. Here, that's not possible.'

Free Humans were significantly more capable than Humans on Earth. Their Silver Grade strength, psychokinesis, and an array of Natures allowed a single Free Human to produce as much alcohol as a factory on Earth. He only needed the recipe.

That turned even regular household kitchens into dangerous cooking pots of alcohol, one that could never be discovered, since the recipes only included common groceries that couldn't be replaced. Therefore, once the information began to spread, it could never be stopped.

It was a societal virus that Virala had unleashed onto the Varahan Empire, 'Things will truly become fun when couples sleep with other people under the influence of alcohol and the truth comes to light. It usually results in brutal fights even on Earth. And here…'

"It'll be a bloodbath." He chuckled and fell asleep. 'And it seems Yarsha Zahara is planning something huge, considering how delayed her response is to this situation, which works in my favour.'

He was indeed right on the point as currently in the Royal Palace, Yarsha Zahara's eyes gleamed as she stared at the beam of light that impacted the palace walls and were contained. Her expression was jubilant as she stared at the floating stomach in the centre of the beam of light, "It's done."

"It…works!" She twirled around as Brangara placed a Tangible Nature on the stomach and watched it absorb it, storing the Tangible Nature in its interior. Not even an instant later did her expression turn fierce, "It's time, husband."

"Yes, it's time." Brangara said as he stared at the figure of Yamahara seated nearby, one who was in a meditative pose, "Have you figured out their route?"

"Yes," Yamahara nodded as he opened his eyes, his expression hesitant, "I have determined the Enclave they'll be arriving at in a year."

"Good!" Brangara grinned as he nodded at Yarsha Zahara, "It's time we start eliminating the Mystic Paths one by one."

"First is Orange!"



Chapter 737  Gracious Inheritor

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Gracious Inheritor!

This was created by Brangara by consuming a Free Human with a Vara Human Avatar and cultivating the resultant Tangible Nature to the 10-Life Stage and successfully turning it into a Minor Treasure. It was a process that he had begun from the day the Varahan Empire was founded.

All the excess wealth amassed by the Empire was consumed by him. And unlike other regions, the Varahan Empire's wealth was none other than Natures. Millions of Iron Grade Natures were consumed and digested while he kept his Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator active.

These Natures were digested and used as fuel to nurture the Tangible Nature of Gracious Inheritance until it became a Minor Treasure. Of course, they alone weren't enough. Brangara had been consuming Silver Grade Pranic Beasts too, those being birthed nonstop in the Nests of the Varahan Empire.

And from time to time, he sent his second body to hunt in the wilds, consuming Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Only with the combination of them all, plus a lot of time was this created. The result was the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor which had turned into a stomach.

"Let's inspect its capacity." Saying so, Brangara poured in twenty Iron Grade Natures, watching the stomach develop faintly in response. With a snap of his finger, a team of Royal Guards entered as all the Tangible Natures stored in their Human Avatars walked out and entered the stomach one after another.

By the time they were done, the stomach had grown a food pipe and mouth. The Royal Guards returned an hour later, having been supplied with Natures by Wean Clansmen. Similar to before, Brangara collected all their Natures and poured it into the Minor Treasure, watching it condense the buccal cavity in response.

Slowly, as they dumped Natures into it, the Minor Treasure began to grow, gradually taking on the form of a human male, sporting the appearance of the original who Brangara had consumed in the first place.

3600 Iron Grade Natures!

That was the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor's total capacity. As it existed, the human body of the Minor Treasure morphed like iron filings dumped upon a magnet with a fluctuating magnetic field.

The sheer amount of influence being generated from the 3600 Iron Grade Natures was tremendous. But the Minor Treasure only morphed according to the influence. It wasn't destroyed. However, that was the limit. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

No one could fuse with it as they did with other Minor Treasures. Anyone unfortunate to fuse with the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor would lose his mind in an instant.

Technically, Brangara could endure the influence, but it was better to not fuse with it. After all, it was a Tangible Nature Minor Treasure, which meant that it was under his control. Since he could control it without fusing with it, there was no need for Brangara to risk himself.

In place of the 3600 Iron Grade Natures, Brangara could also store 360 Silver Grade Natures in the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor. That was a lot, given Brangara could freely dispose of the Natures after a single use with his Astral Chart.

He could freely make as many combinations of Iron and Silver grade Natures as he wanted according to the situation. And once they had served their use, he could digest them to recover some power and take in another batch of Natures from the Minor Treasure.

Moreover, since he could digest Natures, the Minor Treasure pretty much acted as a reservoir of Prana for him, a massive one at that. As long as they were Tangible Natures, it meant they were condensed from as much Prana that composed their bodies. This wasn't limited to their Prana capacity but the amount one could get by digesting their bodies too, which added up to a lot for the larger Pranic Beasts.

Thereby, Brangara could selectively store Silver Grade Pranic Beasts with large bodies to maximise the storage value. Even otherwise, just the mobility of being able to use so many Natures without worries empowered him to a whole other level of versatility.

However, as it was created using a Silver Grade Human Avatar, the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor was limited to storing only Iron and Silver Grade Natures. To create one capable of storing Gold Grade Natures, Brangara would have to consume one of the Royal Guards and then cultivate the resultant Tangible Nature to the 10-Life Stage.

However, it was a Gold Grade Nature, which meant it would become a Major Treasure. Creating even a Silver Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasure exhausted all the accumulated wealth of the Varahan Empire.

To date, Brangara had created two Silver Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasures. First was when he hunted the Dralh Sea branch of the Cooter Clan and second was now. The resources required were ginormous to say the very least.

As a result, he only focused on the necessity. One Silver Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasure was enough for the time being. He used the remaining resources to steadily accumulate some Iron Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasures.

He had a total of nine Iron Grade Tangible Nature Minor Treasure, created from Iron Grade Natures he used all the time or had seen his enemies use in ingenious ways, creating a build that could counter the Mammoth Clan and Orakha.

For the next few days, Brangara focused on filling the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor with suitable Natures, including both Iron and Silver Grade Natures. Once he was ready, he stared at a determined Yarsha Zahara, "Are you ready?"

"Of course!" Her expression was firm as she stated, "As long as Orakha is out of the picture, I won't have to be worried."

Having absorbed quite a few Mystic Eaters during the Second Major Disaster and using them extensively for her projects, Yarsha Zahara was painfully aware that Orakha could counter her. Through his Mystic Eaters, he could straight up strip the Sumatra Gold out of her Human Avatar, rendering her cultivation efforts useless.

So, her priority was to deal with him as soon as possible. Moreover, Yamahara's conversation with Orakha revealed the latter's intentions to flee, which made him a viable target.

"Moreover, that information is accurate, right?" She stared at her son. "That woman, Maroppa is…"

"Please, don't kill her." Yamahara pleaded, "She is too valuable for Sumatra's future."

'Still cannot say the truth, huh?' Yarsha Zahara thought as she didn't try to pry for more info out of her son, having gained a general gist of things already, "I know. Don't worry, for she'll be alive."

Yamahara heaved a sigh in relief, understanding that he couldn't change the mind of his parents. They were stubborn about their decision to eradicate the Mystic Paths. That point was never up for discussion.

Hence, he could only plead for the rest to be spared. Hearing the discussion between his parents, Yamahara subconsciously created a layer of blood that shielded his ears, unable to stomach their plans.

'Is this the right thing? Sumatra's Transcendent Eater told me too much information this time and has been temporarily blocked by Sumatra.' He was hesitant, unable to make a decision, 'What if we fail? Wouldn't our family be impacted as a result? But more terrifyingly, what if we win? If Father becomes any more stronger, then the number of Continents arriving would only increase.'

'Even he cannot handle them all…' His thoughts came to a crashing halt as Brangara patted him on the shoulder, his gaze calm and collected.

"Son," He said, his voice tinged with pride, "You've done well. Now, leave the rest to us."

His body split into two as Brangara nodded at each other. The newly separated one was at the Body Stage, having been created only recently. The other part was a 2-Life Stage Brangara who was ready to face the Mammoth Clan.

"Ready?" He asked Yarsha Zahara who nodded in response.

"All my Lunchboxes are filled with the strongest Gold Grade Natures that we have encountered to date, especially from the Mutated Pranic Beasts." She said and brought out the Minor Treasure of Kinesis Feline which was still in her control.

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

She patted it, smiling jubilantly as she scratched it, commenting upon hearing mild growls from it, "My rate of growth is slightly superior to its growing resistance. As long as I maintain this pace, she'll always be mine."

Even though the Kinesis Feline was a gender-neutral entity, Yarsha Zahara addressed it as a female. With a start, she jumped on its back and nodded at Brangara, "Let's go."

"Alright!" Brangara nodded and touched Yarsha Zahara as his body fused into hers.

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

Using this, Brangara fused with her body similar to how a Major Treasure did it. There was a few seconds of silence, following which grunting sounds erupted, soon accompanied by cracking sounds from Yarsha Zahara.

Sweat dripped down from her forehead as the Prana flowing through her bloodstream became excited. A vast, uncontrollable power surged through her being, almost making her drunk on power. She took in deep breaths, bringing herself under control.

An entire day later, her still figure flinched slightly, resulting in a short emission of presence, one controlled to a boundary spanning a metre from her.

Yarsha Zahara raised her hand and dusted herself, observing that in a radius of a metre from her, the soil had been broken down to its finest level, causing the faintest of winds generated by her exhale to raise a dust cloud.

"Good, I'm under control now." She muttered and seeped her Prana into the Kinesis Feline, nodding as she watched the Minor Treasure of Gracious Inheritor hover behind her. She could control it through psychokinesis.

Grrr!

The body of the Kinesis Feline bulged faintly due to the sheer power of psychokinesis supplied to it. With a start, it kicked the ground and transformed into a golden flash, disappearing from the place.

Yarsha Zahara's voice resounded a second later, addressing Yamahara and the Body Stage Brangara, "Take care of the Empire in my absence."

None of the citizens even detected the golden flash. Even the Royal Guards only managed to catch a glimpse before the golden flash was out of sight. In a matter of hours, it had traversed past the borders of the Varahan Empire, making a quick beeline into the Sandy-Grey Void.

Prana burst out of her body and condensed into a thin barrier that enclosed her along with the Kinesis Feline. Her Spirit Weapon gently landed on the forehead of the Kinesis Feline and drilled into the latter faintly, strengthening its defences against the eldritch influences plaguing beyond the borders of Sumatra Continent.

Then, without any hesitation, the Kinesis Feline entered the Sandy-Grey Void, following the route relayed to Yamahara by the Transcendent Eater to chase after the Mammoth Clan's ship. Based on what Yamahara calculated according to the distance, travel difficulties, and interferences caused by the dangers of the Sandy-Grey Void along the route, he judged a timeline that allowed Yarsha Zahara to catch up to the Mammoth Clan right as the latter arrived next to an enclave.

That was the last enclave in the route, following which the Mammoth Clan's ship would be making its way into the tunnel leading to the Node where the Transcendent Worlds hover. Yamahara was unsure whether or not the Mammoth Clan intended to leave Sumatra.

However, he was aware that the only point in time where they could be stopped was at this Enclave, which was one of the oldest and largest in Sumatra.

Having been relayed the same, Yarsha Zahara's expression hardened as she was unable to see or hear anything in the Sandy-Grey Void, 'This is nothing. We have been extensively training for this trip.'

'We'll catch up on time!' She thought, for a moment thinking of her dead daughters, 'Those bastards will all pay!'

'How dare they target my children time and again?'



Chapter 738  Flee! Everyone, Flee!

Manu Enclave!

It was the first Enclave of Sumatra, and also its biggest, having been growing at a slow, but steady pace for millions of years. More than a hundred Free Human Kingdoms existed in this place, constantly at war with each other, having a history of enmity spanning tens of thousands of years.

Resources were plenty at the place, especially minerals to build Human Avatars. There even existed Gold Grade minerals, which were the cause of the wars.

Manu Enclave was a region with more than a thousand active volcanoes, with each eruption spewing out large volumes of rare, Silver Grade minerals and sometimes even Gold Grade minerals. Every time an eruption spewed out a Gold Grade mineral, all neighbouring Kingdoms declared war on the Kingdom occupying the region.

Another reason for wars to erupt was the lakes present in Manu Enclave. These lakes were filled with an abundance of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts that had medicinal properties. Some of them even had Primary Natures capable of healing others.

And that wasn't all. There were a rare few Pranic Beasts similar to the Yoked Wyrms of the Varahan Enclave. But these Pranic Beasts refined and stored Elixirs in their organs, making them extremely valuable.

Every lake in Manu Enclave had these Pranic Beasts, so ownership of them meant an ever-growing force for the respective Free Human Kingdom.

The third cause of war was the islands present in the countless tributaries and rivers running across the Manu Enclave. The majority of these islands spanned less than a square kilometre in area. However, they resulted in the most brutal aquatic wars of them all.

These islands were Parute Tree Farms. For some reason, Parute Trees only appeared on these islands in the Manu Enclave, which kept them safe, as even the slightest damage caused a Parute Tree to wither and die.

But this also meant that every single Free Human Kingdom in the vicinity would try to exert claim on these islands.

Due to these three reasons, Manu Enclave was in a perpetual state of war, which also caused the Free Humans to become innovative in the art of murder. But similar to the Brimgan Empire, the Free Humans had a collective sense of pride, ensuring Manu Enclave was always in the control of the Free Humans.

The narrow path connecting the Manu Enclave to the Sumatra Continent was only ten kilometres wide and also the most fortified region on the continent.

Irrespective of whether they were at war or not, all Free Humans dispatched a tenth of their soldiers to the fort built right beyond the path, leading into the Sumatra Continent.

And the battles here were bloodier than the wars happening frequently in the Manu Enclave. After all, no matter how gruesome a war became, the number of deaths among the Gold Grade cultivators was minimal.

However, at the mouth of the Manu Enclave, even Gold Grade cultivators died in large numbers. It was because the region of Sumatra Continent in contact with the Manu Enclave was extremely rich in resources.

It was a blessed land similar to the Brimgan Empire and one under the control of Pranic Beasts. There were more than forty Gold Grade Pranic Beast races, with close to a dozen having a Mutated Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

It was also the region with the highest concentration of Advance Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, making them an extremely treacherous force to contend against. The Free Humans of the Manu Enclave faced the onslaught from such existences, having been protecting their home for millions of years.

The Free Human Kingdoms of the Manu Enclave managed to survive no matter how dangerous things got for them because of the Transcendents helping them. Many Iron and Silver Grade Transcendents had originated from the Manu Enclave, keeping watch over the region from the Transcendent Worlds.

Currently, the very same Transcendents screamed nonstop.

[Once! Just once! Sumatra!]

[Give way once! We're only taking measures against external interference!] n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Voices from the Transcendents had been constantly bombarding the barrier erected by Sumatra Continent, pleading nonstop for months now. Eventually, thanks to their sincerity and a lack of schemes, the barrier covering Sumatra Continent let up for an instant, allowing only one Transcendent to communicate with the Manu Enclave.

"Your Majesty!" A 10-Life Stage Free Human with Silver Grade strength burst into the throne room of a Kingdom and shouted, "I received a distress command from our Transcendent!"

"Is that true?" The King got up with a start, his expression solemn as he accessed an Information Slip given by the 10-Life Stage Free Human. He didn't spend more than a breath's time before announcing his command, "Hear me, everyone!"

"Order a mass evacuation of the citizens! Pack everything of value and gather outside the Kingdom. We have two days to vacate from this place!"

"Yes, Your Highness!" None of the ministers argued against the order, having enough confidence in their King to know that such a decision wouldn't be taken unless their Kingdom's fate itself was at stake.

"Hear me!" The King snapped his finger and threw an Information Slip each to four messengers, "Send it to the neighbouring Kingdoms immediately."

A moment later, he added, "Stake your life on it. Run with all your might to deliver the message!"

"Yes, Your Highness!" The messengers nodded and burst with Prana, activating their Human Avatar to travel in a hurry. Their Spirit Weapons transformed into a sprint and coiled around their legs, forming a shape similar to a snake tail.

It coiled and elongated, generating enough force to carry them forward for more than two hundred metres. Using the force of their descent, they coiled the spring and jumped forth to cover another equally long distance.

Their figures disappeared in a matter of minutes. As they had Silver Grade strength, they were pretty fast, spreading out in the direction of the respective Kingdom.

"Now, let's leave!" The King ordered everyone as he entered the Royal Treasury and coated it with the mineral forming his Human Avatar, turning it into a Spirit Weapon. The Royal Treasury was a massive nest, containing a group of Pranic Beasts whose bodies had been fused with Minor Treasures.

These Pranic Beasts were kept in a drugged state, living like a vegetable. That was how every Free Human Kingdom stored their Minor Treasures. There were plenty of other treasures in the Treasury other than the Minor Treasure-bearing Pranic Beasts.

Carrying everything of absolute value, the King was the first to vacant the Kingdom, gathering at the entrance as he observed the rest of the citizens file out soon after. "A Disaster is approaching us. Until it passes away, we'll flee to a safer region."

"Yes, Your Majesty!" Even though the citizens were confused, unable to understand what exactly was happening, they all trusted their King. After all, if a King wasn't respected in the Manu Enclave, the people would defect to another Kingdom.

Kingdoms were constantly destroyed and rebuilt. An average Silver Grade cultivator lived as a citizen in at least three Kingdoms during his lifetime. Therefore, if the conditions in a Kingdom weren't favourable, the people would flee to a neighbouring Kingdom, which would only serve to strengthen the latter.

Therefore, the Kings of each Kingdom were no different from heroes, garnering the utmost respect. This was the reason his orders were followed with such minimal resistance.

Similarly, the Information Slips he had sent out through the messengers were locked with a Skill. And the key to unlocking this was information exclusive only to the Kings. Every King of the Manu Enclave had combined their power to create the means and constantly kept renewing it to ensure information about it wouldn't leak, and even if it did, it wouldn't matter, since they had changed the encryption method.

They had to create this to guard against the infiltration tactics of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast races that tried everything in their power to enter the Manu Enclave and gain possession of it.

Every King, when they had to convey something of absolute value, would use such an Information Slip. As a result, the four Kingdoms in the region that received the Information Slip began to vacate in a matter of hours.

Two days later, all the five Kingdoms were en route to a safer region, setting up camp on a battlefield that wasn't being used for a war now. They had travelled at their utmost mobility, covering more than a thousand kilometres in such a short duration, which was only possible because a majority of the Free Humans in the Manu Enclave had Human Avatars that were agility-based.

Upon setting up camp, the five Kings huddled in a tent, their discussions hushed.

[Did the Transcendents finally contact us?]

[Did you ask their reason for remaining silent until now?]

[What exactly is this disaster that you had to use the Royal Channel?]

[Every other Kingdom has also been alarmed by our mass migration.]

Hearing the questions from the four Kings, the King contacted by a Transcendent took in a deep breath before nodded, conveying a shocking statement.

[The strongest Mystic Grade Pranic Beast will be waging a war against the Mammoth Clan. Our home region will become their battlefield. So, I was commanded to bring everyone as far away as possible. I've never heard our Transcendent sound so…desperate.]

"It's just…" The King muttered after a while of silence, "This existence seemed like it struck fear in the minds of even the Transcendents."

Around the same time, at the border of the Manu Enclave, a massive ship sauntered in from the Sandy-Grey Void, anchoring itself on the edge, beaten, and battered.

"Urgh!" An exhausted Maroppa jumped out of the ship and rolled on the ground, "Finally, some sweet land!"





Chapter 739  My Dear Orange!

"Sweet, sweet land!" Maroppa complained as she rolled around on the soft soil, "I was going mad there!"

The ship creaked in response to her words, sporting large cracks where parts had fallen off, revealing the interiors. When seen closely, one would notice patchwork done on the walls of the room, sealing the place with the crack.

There were hundreds of such cracks and an equal number of sealed rooms, smeared by blood and sporting mutated blimps hanging on the ceiling, dripping droplets of blood that wriggled from time to time.

"Ugh! I never want to travel through it ever again."

"How did our ancestors journey through it a couple millennia ago?"

"Even with our ship that had been boosted by Sumatra Gold, we came close to death dozens of times."

Commenting in exhaustion, a group of tall, ivory-haired women jumped down from the ship, their landing soft, hardly producing any sound.

Taking in the lead was Vhalla, her face bloody. Her expression was fierce, emitting bloodlust as she walked away from the ship calmly, her eyes unable to adjust to the bright surroundings. She extended her hand and pointed fingers at her eyes, accelerating them a moment later.

Followed by a soft, puncturing sound, she extracted her eyes and regrew a new pair of eyes. Vhalla stared at her extracted eyeballs, noticing the nerves on them dancing faintly, on the verge of sprouting tendrils like serpents, intending to attack her.

"Off you go!" Followed by a snort, she threw the pair of eyes into the Sandy-Grey Void. She then inspected her body, extracting any infected body parts before chucking them into the Sandy-Grey Void.

In a matter of minutes, she was clean, following which her Prana circulated through her body, gradually erasing any lingering presence. The current her was strong, significantly stronger than before. After all, not only did she have three Natures, but she had also entered the 2-Life Stage, experiencing a monumental surge in power.

Rhanalla approached her after cleaning herself in a similar manner, asking as she glanced at Maroppa, "We completed the journey with minimal damage thanks to her."

As she spoke, the ship crumbled into dust, breaking down into grey sand. The Sumatra Gold used in it was also destroyed in the process, having taken the brunt of influence unleashed by the Transcendents fighting in the Node.

"Phew!" Raaha wiped his sweat and flexed his muscles, triple-checking to ensure he was perfectly alright. He then stared at the Empyrean Tusks that had gathered before him, "What's the status of your respective Settlements?"

"No issues on my side." Vhalla was the first to answer, stating as she observed her biomes, "I have ensured to prevent any external influence from reaching my biomes. So, none of my Mammoth Clansman are affected."

"It's the same for me too," Rhanalla spoke next as the second Empyrean Tusk. One after another, the Empyrean Tusks explained their status. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Thirty of my Mammoth Clansmen have been affected." The twentieth Empyrean Tusk commented with a somewhat saddened tone.

"I've faced a big loss." The ninetieth Empyrean Tusk spoke, "Two thousand of my Mammoth Clansmen on my side."

As they spoke in order, the attention of everyone fell on the 103rd Empyrean Tusk, the weakest of their kind. After the merger, there were a total of 106 Empyrean Tusks, with Gannala and Harrala being the 105th and 106th Empyrean Tusks respectively.

After Brangara killed one more Empyrean Tusk, the rankings of every one were reduced by one. And with the two Mystic Path inheritors remaining behind, the 103rd Empyrean Tusk, though mature, was the weakest.

She was also gaining age, having less than a century before she ran out of lifespan. Her expression was the darkest as she said after a moment of hesitation, "Half…"

"What?" Raaha was stunned by the answer, "You've lost half?"

"Yes," The 103rd Empyrean Tusk nodded. Originally, a Mammoth Clan Settlement had a population of forty thousand. After their resource collection abilities increased, Raaha increased the limit to fifty thousand, as they could now support this larger population.

So, half of that was a whopping twenty-five thousand Mammoth Clansmen. They formed the largest chunk of distorted flesh covering the inner walls of the ship. Every time one of them became affected, the 103rd Empyrean Tusk spat them out, following which the Empyrean Tusks joined hands to swiftly destroy the infected creatures.

"How are you feeling now?" Raaha approached the 103rd Empyrean Tusk and inspected her, concluding after a couple of minutes, "There are no lingering infections in you anymore. You're clean."

"Thank you." The 103rd Empyrean Tusk let out a sigh, aware that she would have to spend a greater time recovering from this, especially since she needed to prepare her successor. She then stared at her surroundings, noticing a walled Kingdom situated approximately twenty kilometres away, "What is this place?"

"Manu Enclave, the first Enclave of Sumatra, a region ruled by Free Humans from its inception." Orakha's voice resounded as he walked towards them, carrying a Mystic Eater that he had sent in the direction of the closest Free Human Kingdom, "But for some reason, the entire Kingdom is empty. They seemed to have evacuated two days ago."

"Was something the issue?" Vhalla asked in worry, "If something serious is happening here that forced a Free Human Kingdom to evacuate, we need to exercise caution."

"Say, Orakha." Raaha stared at the man in question and asked, "Do these Free Human Kingdoms have anyone with Gold Grade strength?"

"On average, there's at least four to five." Orakha nodded, "And a stronger Kingdom might have more than a dozen. I can't say anything with assurance since I've only scouted the place for a few minutes."

"Alright," Raaha nodded as he commanded the Empyrean Tusks, "Let's proceed with caution while investigating this place. If possible, we should integrate ourselves with the Free Human society here."

"Yes," Vhalla and the rest nodded as they all took out an Inhibition Needle and stabbed it into their foreheads. The Inhibition Needle fused with their skull and spread its effects to the rest of their skeleton once they activated Mystic Bone Art.

Soon, the Pranic Beast presence emanating from everyone changed, now resembling that of a Free Human. Inhibition Needle was Inala's idea. However, Maroppa was the one who made them. Hence, in order to ensure they could hide without issues, she revealed this secret of hers.

Raaha immediately changed their route, entering the Red-Draft River where they hunted Millingers, capturing enough for Maroppa, Raaha, and all the Empyrean Tusks. They even stockpiled a couple dozen more for emergencies, for Millingers were only present in the Red-Draft River.

The Red-Draft River's path didn't approach any of the Enclaves. And since they intended to hide in an Enclave, they had to hunt extra Millingers. This was one of the causes that delayed their planned escape.

However, now that they had arrived at the Manu Enclave, they were content.

Secondary Nature—Kinesis Lantern Deity!

Vhalla activated her Secondary Nature, transforming into a figure of ivory, appearing no different from the Human Avatar form used by Free Humans. It was a Nature derived from the Brimgan Royals and hence had the same characteristics. And similar to them, her height increased by a metre for every addition of the body in the Life Stage.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

It was what allowed them to assume such a form that mimicked a Free Human's Human Avatar. Without it, an Empyrean Tusk could only activate its Secondary Nature while in Pranic Beast form, which transformed its body into a humanoid counterpart, reaching a height surpassing a kilometre.

While in human form, an Empyrean Tusk could only use a Storage Lantern as a Spirit Weapon through the Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity. But thanks to the Tertiary Nature, they were all able to gain such forms.

Vhalla tapped her body, hearing the same knocking sounds produced when struck on the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk, the hardest material on Sumatra. 'This alone is enough to endure the attacks of a Free Human with Gold Grade strength. I won't even need to use Internal Inertial Gravity during a fight.'

"Phew!" She exhaled softly, spitting out bone fragments. They revolved around her before gradually outlining her body, forming a layer.

Primary Nature—Satellite!

A good number of Mammoth Clansmen had fused with an Enrino, wielding the Primary Nature of Satellite. Complementing their usage of Mystic Bone Art and forming their Pranic Beast bodies using tusk bone powder, the item they created using Satellite was pretty much a part of the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton.

Vhalla watched as the thousands of Satellites layer her body, following which she deactivated her Secondary Nature. The Satellites still covered her body, but using Mystic Bone Art, she caused them to sink into her flesh and condensed a layer of skin over them.

This way, the Satellites were protecting her human body but weren't visible to anyone else. And as they were basically created using her tusk bone powder, she could control them as she pleased, allowing her to walk around as if normal.

Best of all, these Satellites allowed her to assume a powerful battle state in human form that was similar to her Empyrean Tusk form, giving her the confidence to face the strongest foe in this region without issues.

"Ready?" Raaha asked as he watched all the Empyrean Tusks follow Vhalla's example and layer Satellites under their skin. Thanks to the Boutique Lizard eggs given by Inala, plus the eggs of Enrinos, all Empyrean Tusks had one Mammoth Clansman who could turn into a Boutique Lizard.

And the egg they could produce in their Pranic Beast form was that of an Enrino.

"One minute," Vhalla said as she condensed a storage lantern through her Secondary Nature. It was a one-storey storage lantern with a volume of 8400 cubic metres. The space was a cube with sides spanning a length of 20 metres.

Taking in a deep breath, Vhalla activated her Secondary Nature once again, consuming some of the tusk bone powder in her reserves and erected a second floor. Every few seconds, she added a new floor, stopping at the end upon reaching the tenth floor.

'That is pretty much the limit, huh?' She thought while observing the ten-storey storage lantern. While that was the limit, it was only for the storage lantern itself. There was no limit to the number of storage lanterns she could create.

"I don't want to spit out anything from my biomes during a crisis. Better to exercise caution." She said and began to stuff Prana Bombs, Comets, Elixirs, medicines, and a bunch of other items on each floor. She stared at the other Empyrean Tusks and commanded them, "Do the same. We won't be using anything apart from our storage lanterns to fight here, if necessary."

"Only that way can we blend in with everyone and act as Free Humans." She reminded everyone, "It's not enough to just emit the presence of a Free Human. We must also act like one, alright?"

While Vhalla discussed with the Empyrean Tusks, Orakha retracted the Mystic Eater under his sleeve and approached Maroppa, chuckling upon seeing her remain sprawled on the ground, "Do you hate the Sandy-Grey Void so much? Didn't your race originate from there?"

"I hate it." Maroppa snorted, "My race belonged to the Sandy-Grey Void, yes. But the region we lived in was within Sumatra's sphere of influence. The one we faced out there isn't the home my ancestors came from. It has the damning presence of countless Transcendents."

"Isn't that why Raaha couldn't talk to the Mammoth Ancestor?" She said, for a moment grunting upon uttering the name of one she hated the most.

Sumatra's barrier only protected the continent. The moment the Mammoth Clan entered the Sandy-Grey Void, Raaha could communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor. At any other time, this wouldn't have been an issue.

Even the group that left the Sumatra Continent a couple millennia ago constantly maintained contact with Mahira Tusk as they journeyed across the Sandy-Grey Void. However, the difference now was the Transcendents in conflict, which caused their presence—carried by vestiges of their Transcendent Prana—to chaotically linger across the place, interfering with the line of communication.

That was why even though they could communicate, Raaha was unable to hear a single, ungarbled word.

"It is, but that's not our concern for the time being." Orakha said as he extended his hand, grabbing Maroppa gently, "We have no intention of leaving Sumatra, so the Mammoth Ancestor's assistance is unnecessary. And Manu Enclave is so far away that Brangara would run out of lifespan by the time he can travel to this place."

His eyes darted towards his surroundings, stating to Raaha, "We only need to stay away from the rivers, Chief. We'll then be safe from the prying eyes of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater…"

He hadn't even finished his sentence when dozens of Mystic Eaters burst out of his back and expanded to forms dozens of times their original sizes, baring their fangs as they turned into plasma and lashed onto the various projectiles heading their way.

"What the fuck?" Orakha turned around in alarm and stared in the direction of the Sandy-Grey Void, "What was that?"

He then stared at the projectiles that were gradually melting under the heat transmitted into them upon contact by the Mystic Eaters, recognising them, "These are…fragments of an Empyrean Tusk's tusk?"

His eyes widened in slow motion as Orakha made eye contact with Vhalla and hurriedly pushed Maroppa behind him. Raaha stealthily flickered to his side and stood on his guard while all the Empyrean Tusks filed into a group, simultaneously glaring in the direction of the Sandy-Grey Void nervously.

And then, it hit them, a wave of fear all too familiar, and all too dreadful. In accordance with it, a humanoid figure riding a golden feline crossed the border and set foot on the Manu Enclave.

"He…hehe!" The figure stared in the direction of Raaha and eyed all the Empyrean Tusks, "Good, everyone's here."

Her eyes then fell upon Orakha, "It has been a while, hasn't it?"

"My dear orange!"



Chapter 740  Composite Projectiles

"It has been a while, hasn't it? My dear orange!" Blood dripped out of the figure's face, one riddled with mutated spores. Peeling skin resulted in embers that smoked out, forming a fleshy cloud around her.

The golden feline she was riding was covered by rust, showing fragile locations throughout its form, twitching and morphing constantly. But then, it took a step forward, causing all the rust and other defects to peel off, revealing a pristine body of gold within.

The figure seated on it grabbed the tip of her nose once and pulled with force, yanking out the entire layer of skin from her body before chucking it into the Sandy-Grey Void, "Now, that's better!"

Her eyes blinked as an instant later, the mouldy flesh within recovered immediately. She didn't have to extract the influence of the Transcendents from her body but instead, the sheer quality of her Prana caused her to recover naturally, neutralising the external influences that sought to change the composition of her body, mind, and soul.

Once the flesh healed, the skin formed, further sprouting luscious hair that naturally braided itself. At the sight of her actual appearance, confusion sprang among the Mammoth Clansmen.

"Yarsha Zahara?" Raaha frowned, "How is she here? And…why is her presence striking fear in us?"

"That's impossible!" Vhalla expressed her disbelief, "Haven't we ensured to instantly annihilate any Parute Tree that appeared in our biomes? How are they able to get information about us?"

"Moreover, she even caught up to us…" Raaha muttered, his expression pale as he looked around, unable to detect Brangara before focusing on Yarsha Zahara, 'What the heck has happened to her? She seems significantly stronger than what Orakha's reports stated.'

"It's Brangara's Tertiary Nature," Right as Raaha's mind reeled into chaos, unable to understand the situation, a Mystic Eater slithered onto his shoulder and whispered in his ear, "He's become a Major Treasure and fused with Yarsha Zahara. The result in this fearsome entity before us."

"They're playing to their advantage." The Mystic Eater continued to speak as more of its kind slithered to the shoulders of the Empyrean Tusks, "Her ability allows her to use all our powers against us, reducing our means to physical combat. And when an opportunity shows itself, Brangara might reveal himself and go in for the kill."

"Even otherwise, she could simply use the Tangible Natures to fight."

"Are you done with your little chat?" Yarsha Zahara acted like she was giving them time to take a breather when in truth, she was using the opportunity to quickly clean her body of all external influences.

'Good, I'm clean now.' She thought as she flexed the muscles in her triceps, adjusting her mind as she used Mystic Sumatra Art to communicate with Brangara through their Information Slip.

[Everyone is here! So, which plan are we going ahead with?]

There was silence for an instant before Yarsha Zahara felt a mild pang in her chest. Her heart became strained a little as her Spirit Container poured more Prana through her bloodstream. That was enough to display Brangara's intention as his voice echoed soon after, bubbling with hatred.

[Capture the ten strongest Empyrean Tusks and kill the rest. I won't be able to sit still without gorging upon their corpses!]

[Calm down and let me handle it. I've been training just for this occasion.] n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Considering the sheer number of Empyrean Tusks in the vicinity, irrespective of how much he tried to control himself, hatred began to consume Brangara. Hearing the sounds made by the Empyrean Tusks as they walked, their voices, and even the mere sight of them amplified his anger by a multiple.

In such a state, he was bound to make a mistake, which his enemies obviously wouldn't be shy to not capitalise upon. There was a chance Brangara might die at least once. But considering the sheer quantity of resources necessary to grow a single body of his to maturity, Yarsha Zahara didn't intend to make any mistakes.

'There's just one Mystic Path here.' She thought as she stared at Orakha, 'There's six more of them, each equally dangerous.'

She then noticed Raaha's expression, smirking in response upon seeing the latter's hesitation, "You seem like you have something to say to me. Go ahead. I can at least do you that favour."

"Can't you let bygones be bygones?" Raaha asked while trying to curb the fear he felt, one further amplified in his case as he had two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, "We plan to live in hiding here for the rest of our lives. We promise to never come anywhere in the Varahan Empire's sphere of influence. Please, can we not fight…"

"Ha…haha…hahaha!" His words were cut off by Yarsha Zahara's raucous laughter, "Let bygones be bygones? Isn't that too late?"

She slowly tilted her head with an expression of maniacal anger, "You shouldn't have killed my daughters if that were the case. But of course, there is one way we can establish peace between us."

Her expression returned to normalcy as she announced, calmly eyeing all the Empyrean Tusks, "Bring me Resha's head and I'll let go of my hatred."

"It's only fair, right?" Her expression turned fierce, "Bring me the head of the individual who killed my daughters. That's the only way the Mammoth Clan can survive my wrath!"

"Hehe…" She let out a chuckle upon seeing the expressions of every single Empyrean Tusk harden in response, displaying animosity, "Of course, whether it was in the past or now, the Empyrean Tusks have always displayed unusual care for Resha."

"THEN!" Veins popped on her neck as her voice boomed, "FOR WHAT FUCKING REASON DID YOU KILL MY KIDS?"

The ground ruptured as a voracious amount of Prana billowed out of her, the sheer quality of which caused grass to sprout from the ground at speeds where they surpassed her height in a matter of seconds.

"You're all dead!" Taking a step forward, Yarsha Zahara activated a bunch of Nature simultaneously.

Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

Nature—Prana Bomb!

Nature—Mudball!

Nature—Comet!

With a grunt, all these material-based Natures combined into a composite, mixed without losing their individual properties. Each was a sphere at first before elongating like an arrow. In a matter of seconds, thousands of such composites hovered in the air around Yarsha Zahara.

And then, using the propulsion power behind the Natures of Bone-Melting Artillery and Comet, these composites blazed through the air and rained down upon the Empyrean Tusks.

Boom!

Four storage lanterns flew into the sky and exploded in their miniature forms, causing the compressed space within to push out, resulting in a powerful shockwave until the inner space expanded enough and merged into the external space.

Each floor of the storage lantern created by the Secondary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk had a volume of 8400 cubic metres, which was compressed to occupy less than a fiftieth of a cubic metre from an external perspective.

Now, when the storage lantern exploded, the compressed space within expanded volumetrically, to more than a hundred thousand times its externally-occupied volume. The generated shockwave was powerful enough to injure even an Attributed Creature, which was exactly what was used here.

The shockwaves sent the composite projectiles flying away from the group of Empyrean Tusks, with many of them redirected at Yarsha Zahara. However, just as they were about to slam into her, they stopped.

Nature—Comet!

A wave of Prana erupted from her being and poured into all the projectiles, activating the power of a Comet in them once again. As a result, the composite projectiles began to accelerate in the direction of the Empyrean Tusks, countering the momentum they carried thanks to the shockwaves.

A few seconds later, once the momentum had been negated, the power of the Comet sent them reeling in the direction of the Empyrean Tusks once again.

"We have to destroy them. Otherwise, they'll keep coming at us." Raaha shouted and blew a powerful shockwave at the composite projectiles.

"Indeed, that's annoying." Yarsha Zahara muttered, nonchalant as she used Subtle Terrain Domination to fuse all material natures into a composite projectile and launched another group of them at the Empyrean Tusks.

She then aimed even higher and continued to launch a volley after another. The ones high up avoided the shockwaves unleashed by the Empyrean Tusks and flew overhead, landing at a location far away from them.

'That bastard used this to annihilate my house at the Varahan Empire.' She grunted for a moment upon recalling the sight of Bone-Melting Artillery turned heavy thanks to Internal Inertial gravity raining down upon the Varahan Estate and reducing it to nothing. Virala was the one behind it.

And now, she was using the same tactic, sending a massive stream of composite projectiles into the sky, enough for them to rain down nonstop for at least a couple of minutes.

"Where's she getting such a large reservoir of Prana to spam this ability?" Raaha continued to unleash bursts of air to push away the composite projectiles, frowning upon noticing them piling up in their surroundings. 'Is she planning to trap us here?'

"You're playing defensively, huh?" Yarsha Zahara muttered, aware that the Mammoth Clan was planning to inspect her abilities before countering her. The piles of composite projectiles she was accumulating in the region were nothing.

An Empyrean Tusk only needed to assume Pranic Beast form and unleash a gust of air from its trunk to push them all away. Heck, even assuming the Prana Beast form generates such a strong tornado that would push away everything.

'But I dare you to do it!' She thought, letting out a mild smile, 'That's when you'll fall right into my trap!'



