Chapter 681 Proclamation

﻿﻿"Find Resha?" Orakha was surprised by the mention of the name, "Do you know where he is?"

"The last I saw him heading to the Guna Caves." Inala replied, "I don't know anything about him beyond that."

"Brangara wiped out the Dralh Sea branch of the Cooter Clan." Orakha said with a despondent expression, "He's able to passively use Subtle Terrain Domination without activating the Nature. If Resha was at the Guna Caves, then I'm afraid his situation might be compromised."

"No, if Resha wanted to flee, no one on Sumatra can catch up to him." Inala said with confidence, "He wields complete control over gravity. In terms of brute combat power, he's still unrivalled. All he needs to do is repel himself from Brangara and he'd never be captured."

If Resha were to get killed, Blola would know immediately. As that hadn't happened, the only other compromising situation would be Resha getting neutralised by Brangara. While Virala, Orakha, and Gannala spied upon the Zahara Kingdom, they didn't see any signs of Resha's capture.

So, Inala's conjecture was more likely to be the truth. And after some thought, Orakha nodded, "I'll focus on finding him."

Inala then asked, "What's the Dralh Sea's state now?"

"It's under my control." Virala thumped his chest, "I'll gradually populate it with Mystic Humans like myself."

"Will they be as strong as you?" Inala asked next.

"Not as strong as me, but they'll be at the pinnacle of Gold Grade." Virala grinned, "I don't mind revealing details about my plans, but in return, you need to reveal yours too."

"So that you'll copy mine?" Inala raised an eyebrow.

"I'll draw inspiration, if it suits my desire. But I'm pretty content already." Virala patted his thigh, "I only need to train and reach the 10-Life Stage before the Fourth Major Disaster to be ready for the final fight."

"I control all the Zingers, including their Natures." Inala revealed his hand first, "Even if the Nature is in Astral Chart or Astral World, when in my range, they'll obey only me. That's my absolute authority as the Royal Zinger."

"And currently, I'm rearing the Clansmen version of Zingers here." Inala pointed in the direction of the Biome Lattice, "That is something I made to absorb Prana from the Phells. Using it, I spawn Zingers. My powers have remained the same as before, the only difference is my absolute authority over it."

"Let me get this straight." Virala felt his heart accelerate as he asked, "Suppose Yarsha Zahara absorbs your power, can she use it?"

"Against others, yes, albeit with severe difficulty." Inala nodded, "But against me, it'll be futile. I'll be able to reclaim the effects of my powers instantly."

"I didn't make the Attribute a part of my genetic information for no reason." Inala concluded, "My Prana has all the characteristics of my power and my authority. And only the Royal Zinger can use it, which is me."

He tapped the table and used Perfect Bome Domination to condense tree bark and transform it into paper, on which pages of information appeared. The extent of control he displayed was tremendous, stunning the duo who stared at it.

'This level of control is already on par with a mature Empyrean Snapper.' Virala thought in excitement. He then began to speak, "Mystic Humans can fuse with two bodies, of any Grade. I can become the Empyrean Boar King and a Mystic Ewworm. My followers can become Spirit Eaters and Gold Ewworms."

"Spirit Eater…" Inala thought and muttered, "It is a Sumatra Continent version of the Transcendent Eater?"

"Yes," Virala nodded, "However, only Mystic Humans can use their power. Anyone else who tries to possess them will fall under the control of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater."

"So, that's your failsafe." Inala nodded, "There is another failsafe too, right? Your words at the stone house back then hinted that."

"Yeah, the more you understand and gain information about my powers, the more you'll try to become a Mystic Human. But once the process starts, you have a year to succeed." Virala grinned, "You either become a Mystic Human and worship me or die trying."

"Can that be used on Brangara?" Inala asked immediately.

"Yes, but I can't guarantee its effectiveness." Virala shook his head, "His Tertiary Nature is that of a Major Treasure. So, he might be able to go beyond the rules of my ability."

"Do you have full information regarding his powers?" Inala asked in excitement, "I only managed to glean a portion of it at the Attributed Region."

"Yup, I do." Virala grinned and stared at Orakha, "Grehha was the one who obtained it. He managed to steal all of Yarsha Zahara's plans."

"If we have all this, then why the heck are you afraid?" Inala flashed Orakha an incredulous gaze, "You can literally alter your powers according to your will. So, it'll be the most difficult to counter you."

'Besides, Maroppa can use Mystic Sumatra Art. With it, she'll continue to grow stronger.' He thought and observed Orakha's expression, "Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't our chances still plenty?"

"There's nothing I can gain from this war." Orakha shook his head, "I only intend to live a safe life with my family."

"Alright, that's your desire. I won't speak against it." Inala nodded and stared at Virala, getting information about the data Grehha had gained from Yarsha Zahara, including the full version of Mystic Sumatra Art.

'I can make the Phells within the Phell Nuke cultivate Mystic Sumatra Art. Over time, this will strengthen them further.' Inala thought, feeling a headache as hundreds of plans popped into his mind space, giving him the urge to test them all until he finalised the ones practically effective against his target.

The trio continued to discuss for the next couple of days, exchanging lots of information, at the end of which Inala asked, "Is Gannala planning something with the Mammoth Treasury?"

"She already did." Orakha said, "I don't understand the process, but somehow, she managed to give the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator to all the Empyrean Tusks. She also gave Empyrean 100 to the Mammoth Chief."

"Hahahaha! As expected of my daughter!" Inala roared in laughter, overjoyed by the information. He then took out five glowing orbs from his back and placed them on the table, staring at Orakha to say, "Give this to her. Consider it a gift from me for her hard work."

"Yeah, there's one per each Biome Bomb." Inala nodded, "I've already instructed them to obey Gannala. So she can use them as she pleases."

Saying so, he took out a gun made using a Biome Bomb, sporting slots to insert the orbs within, "In times of emergencies, she can shoot a Bolt of Transcendence at her enemy."

"This is how much I can afford to set aside, so keep them with care."

"Can you give me one of these too?" Virala asked, sporting a tone akin to currying favour towards Inala.

"You have no use for it." Inala shook his head, "Besides, a single Bolt of Transcendence won't be able to kill the current you, not to mention in the future when you become even stronger."

"I want to place it in my palace as decoration." Virala said, "It'll be something my followers can admire. And maybe one of them will find a use for it."

"Alright, I'll think about it." Inala said, "The next time you return, bring me something of value to exchange for one of these."

"Sure," Virala nodded, beginning to think of the ways in which he could take advantage of a Bolt of Transcendence. He was currently brimming with ideas after his conversation with Inala, happy to return home and begin experimentation.

Soon, they were done with their conversation, intending to return. Neither of them asked anything about the Major Treasure of Pet. Orakha planned to leave. And even otherwise, he planned to hide himself.

He had no plans to seek the Major Treasure of Pet, and hence wasn't too keen on making waves in the Ravaged Federation. Virala, on the other hand, was different.

He made a deal with Inala to send in a batch of Mystic Humans to produce Parute Fruits for his endeavours. In return, he'd be supplied with Nectar, with which he could increase the success rate of creating Mystic Humans out of Free Humans.

It was a beneficial deal for both sides; and with Virala using Tratham for travel, the journey only took five months, which was a short duration. Virala would also be purchasing medicines and other resources from the Brimgan Empire, which he planned to begin immediately after returning.

He'd act as the intermediary and make purchases on Inala's behalf and ship them to the Ravaged Federation. And in return, once he had made enough contribution, Inala would give him a Bolt of Transcendence.

Virala had some ideas to use it. He planned to use the upcoming months to think of ways in which he could strengthen himself further and finalise a plan of action.

Orakha was the first to exit the Biome Bomb, carrying five orbs and a gun with him. Virala was right behind him but stopped at the entrance. Turning around, he stared at Inala and whispered, "I didn't tell this to Orakha."

"I managed to converse a bit with Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. And there's an issue with Sumatra Chronicles. The dates of the Third and Fourth Major Disasters stated in Sumatra Chronicles don't coincide with Resha's age when he experienced them"

"It doesn't coincide?" Inala thought for a few seconds and understood what Virala was getting at. He didn't mind it though and said casually, "Sumatra Chronicles is a trap set by Renduldu that forces us to face Brangara at every Major Disaster. We're subconsciously driven to act accordingly. Even I can only avoid that when I'm at peak power."

Inala didn't reveal that he had to be at the Mystic Grade for that to be possible, as he intended to conceal his power of dropping Grades. However, peak power implied Mystic Grade, so Virala got the message correctly.

"So, you're saying this discrepancy is meant to control us?" Virala asked.

"Yeah, remember that we were edited out from Sumatra Chronicles. So, there are imperfections in it." Inala nodded.

"That cleared up some confusion, thanks." Virala nodded and waved his hand, leaving upon leaving behind a string of words, "One more thing. Something major will probably happen after the Fourth Major Disaster, something worse than Brangara."

"No use in worrying about that." Inala shrugged, "We can think of those things if we survive the Fourth Major Disaster. However,"

His expression turned fierce as Inala proclaimed, "Based on my schedule, I'll be finishing my current plans before the Third Major Disaster."

"I'm not waiting until the Fourth Major Disaster." He said with resolve, "In the Third Major Disaster, I'm going in for the kill."

"Brangara won't survive past the Third Major Disaster."



Chapter 682 Quip Clan Settlement

﻿﻿From the depths of the ocean, Inala watched the duo of Orakha and Virala head up the stream of water, en route to the Abyss Fall leading into the Dralh Sea. He steadily kept watching until they disappeared from even his eyesight, too far off to make out anymore.

Immediately following that, he condensed a Biome Bomb and placed it at the spot where the stream of water connected to the ocean. He created a series of Biome Bombs and connected them, lining the network until the lowermost Biome Bomb's strings of Prana came in contact with the ocean bed and latched onto the spot.

Kriek!

He let out a shriek, watching a couple of Biome Bombs float his way until they joined the network. The strings of Prana on both sides coiled to form a tunnel and connected with each other. After a few seconds, the space within the two biome Bombs in contact synchronised, allowing for the flow of matter between the two.

A hole opened on both sides as Quip Clansmen walked out of the Biome Bomb and entered the Biome Bomb network. They were tasked with keeping a watch on anyone who might arrive from the Dralh Sea next. They were also in charge of making contact with the Mystic Humans and resources that Virala would be sending next.

'Things have progressed to greater complexities. Thankfully, Virala's Mystic Humans will prove useful.' Inala thought, interested in amassing a large batch of Parute Fruits through the Mystic Humans.

He could use these as money to trade with the Ravaged Federation. Currently, Inala's Biome Puppets had infiltrated four cities, mingling expertly among the populace. He could arm these puppets with Parute Fruits and make them engage in transactions for his benefit.

It opened up another route for resource gathering, which honestly was a welcome change. But most of all, the Mystic Humans would supply the Quip Clan medicines, which was what they lacked the most.

The Quip Clan's capability in this field was severely lacking, and currently, they didn't have the energy to invest in this regard, having already been exploring countless other fields.

Inala could craft a bunch of medicines, but even for him, crafting medicines was the most efficient with Mystic Mist Art, which he couldn't use without sustaining damage to his Prana reserves.

Trying to do the same through Mystic Royal Art and Perfect Biome Domination wasn't efficient enough, and he already had a lot on his plate. It was best to trade when the option existed instead of trying everything himself.

For the next four days, Inala made preparations for the arrival of the Mystic Humans five months later. He even placed a large Biome Bomb on the ocean floor where the Mystic Humans could enter and lodge the roots of their Spirit Eater forms and draw up nutrients to generate Parute Fruits.

Finished with the preparations, Inala swam through the ocean in his human form, slow in his motion. He soon came across a deep valley, one that seemed to have formed due to the tectonic plates moving farther away from each other.

This crack on the ocean floor spanned three kilometres in breadth and reached four kilometres deep. It was dark here, lacking any sunlight. The water pressure was tremendous too, capable of crushing most Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

Inala grabbed an orb from his back and turned the Prana Bomb transparent, allowing light from the Bolt of Transcendence within to radiate outward, illuminating the valley. Littered on the valley, with each spanning a cubic metre in size were Biome Bombs, spherical in shape, half-wedged into the ground.

Currently, there were close to sixty Mystic Biome Bombs, with their Prana strings widened to form tunnels. A string from each Biome Bomb joined to form a tunnel, acting as a bridge between the two Biome Bombs, allowing for travel.

The space within these bridges was synchronised with the Biome Bombs, hence the people within didn't face any issues as they moved between the Biome Bombs. Each Mystic Biome Bomb spanned a radius of 179 metres, with the remainder metre left for the string of Prana.

If the Biome Bomb was 180 metres, it signified the maximum size, preventing a string of Prana from extending out. The radius of the Biome Bomb plus the length of the string cannot exceed 180 metres, that was the rule his Biome Bombs followed.

These sixty Biome Bombs became the home of the Quip Clan, with each Biome Bomb designated with specific purposes. From one edge of the arrangement ran a string of Prana, created by a Biome Bomb whose internal radius was only a metre.

The remainder distance was used to create a string that joined with the Biome Bomb positioned at the edge of the cluster of sixty Mystic Biome Bombs.

This string was similar to the ones he had created all over the place—179 metres in length and attached to a Biome Bomb with a metre in radius.

By joining these strings, Inala created a long transmission line for Prana, attaching its other end to the Biome Lattice. This way, the Quip Clan could gather energy for its operations from the Biome Lattice.

The production capacity of the Biome Lattice was more than enough, despite Inala absorbing at his maximum capacity to condense Sumatra Gold and Bolts of Transcendence. He was simply limited by the amount of Prana that could flow through the strings of the Gold Biome Bombs.

The amount of Prana stored in the Biome Lattice was many times higher. The transmission line from the Quip Clan Settlement was connected to a section of the Biome Lattice that was gathering the most amount of Prana from the Phells.

Every time the Biome Lattice drew in a large stream of Phells, the Phells weren't uniformly distributed. Many concentrated upon specific regions, the Biome Bomes in the proximity of which overflowed with Prana.

Over the years of operation, Inala observed the Biome Lattice and noted down such places. He then created transmission lines from these locations, joined them, and connected them to the Quip Clan Settlement.

The Mystic Biome Bombs forming the Quip Clan Settlement constantly absorbed Prana from the Biome Lattice to condense terrain, trees, etc. within, recreating the Dieng Canyon. However, the radius of the Mystic Biome Bombs was only 179 metres, while the elevated plateaus of the Dieng Canyon were two kilometres high.

It won't be possible to recreate the actual Dieng Canyon in this place due to the limitations of space within the Biome Bombs. Inala had plans with his Tertiary Nature to solve that, which was why he had been patiently accumulating resources all along, ignoring everything else happening outside.

His Quip Clansmen too needed time to grow and mature. Time was of the essence here. Before they could consume the tremendous amount of resources at their disposal and grow to a sufficient amount of strength, Inala had no intentions to engage in a conflict.

He didn't like the fact that Virala and Orakha found the Ravaged Federation where he was hiding. But that was how things proceeded on Sumatra Continent. He couldn't control everything. Hence, he had to always stay on his toes and constantly make changes to his plans.

'Even though I wanted to accumulate resources until I had enough to finish all my plans, things have changed.' Inala sighed as he landed before one of the Mystic Biome Bombs forming the settlement. 'Since those two know about my place, it's a matter of time before the entire Mammoth Clan knows too. If there's any information leak, Brangara and Yarsha Zahara too will know.'

'Since they are fully aware of Sumatra Chronicles, they'll figure out what I'm up to here.' He sighed and shook his head, maintaining his strength at the Mystic Grade as he let out a shriek. 'I need to start my plans in advance. I have more than enough accumulations for my Tertiary Nature. Let's start with it first.'

In response to his shriek, the Mystic Biome Bomb whirred into action and began to expand to its original size. This Mystic Biome Bomb served as the entrance into the Quip Clan Settlement. The doors opened as Inala entered inside. The effects of Perfect Biome Domination only allowed his entry, keeping the high-pressure water at bay.

Once he was inside, the space began to twist as the Mystic Biome Bomb began to shrink from an external point of view. Internally, it was the same for Inala. Once the space was fully twisted, the Mystic Biome Bomb only spanned a metre in radius from the outside.

Now that the space in it had been synchronised with the rest of the Settlement, the doors opened to other Biome Bombs as Inala walked through the bridges, steady in his pace.

Shriek! Boom!

A 2-Life Stage Quip Clansman shrieked with all her might, producing a shockwave that slammed into the wall four hundred metres away from her and created a diagram similar to those used by a gramophone.

The grooves were intricate, reaching a depth of a millimetre at its highest, depending on the intensity of the respective data. Neat lines trailed across the diagram, resulting in a series of concentric circles connected like a maze.

The image was pretty visible to the naked eye and seemed perfect. However, once the woman approached the wall until the diagram was within her Spirit Weapon range and seeped Prana into it, the resulting sound caused her to frown.

Her eyes were closed for a moment as she analysed all the information she received, grumbling in exasperation, "The engraving's not perfect. Eight percent of the information has been reduced to mere noise."

Her grumbling stopped as the woman got up in a hurry, her poise straight as she noticed Inala observing from afar and bowed in his direction, "I greet the Deity!"

"Continue training." Inala waved his hand, allowing the woman to ease up and continue pondering about her training session. Sound travelled as a wave, so the farther it went from the source, the greater its diffusion, even when unleashed as a beam.

To improve it, the power has to be increased and the Prana infused into the shriek has to be moulded precisely, ensuring it keeps the soundwave intact and prevents diffusion.

The woman was currently practising on reducing the Prana used for a Piezo Slip on a target 400 metres away. Once she succeeds, she'll then proceed to practice for a range of 500 metres. Some of the talented ones had already exceeded 700 metres and were making greater strides.

Inala watched the woman's training session for a couple more minutes before making his way to the next Biome Bomb. It was empty except for small hooks littered across the inner surface of the Biome Bomb.

A group of Quip Zingers in Pranic Beast forms were currently climbing to the top of the Biome Bomb using the hooks, following which they jumped to glide. Followed by numerous aerial acrobatics, they arrived at the bottommost hook and latched onto it firmly.

They were training to engage and disengage from their spots to glide around. The group became stunned upon seeing Inala, so much so that some of them forgot to turn around in the air and slammed into the walls of the Biome Bomb.

"Careful!" Inala said, extending a string of Prana that grabbed the Quip Zinger in danger of colliding into the hooks. He waved his hand, motioning for them to continue training, ignoring the Quip Zinger who was overjoyed to come into contact with his Prana.

With a slow stroll, Inala entered the third Biome Bomb which too was covered by hooks. But also dangling in the air were a series of hoops in all shapes and sizes. They were also arranged in a series of angles, making a tough aerial course for the Zingers to glide through.

As he entered, he watched a Quip Zinger deftly turn its body while gliding, using air friction as a drag whenever necessary to make sharp turns without losing much altitude. There were close to thirty such hoops, the hardest of which was shaped like a crescent, angled 220 degrees from its previous hoop.

The Quip Zinger spread itself wide, breaking its hardest to make the turn, but wasn't perfect enough. It ended up crashing into the ring of the hoop, falling to the ground, at the end of which it glided a bit and landed.

It clutched its stomach that suffered the impact, healing the damage through Prana, gasping in exhaustion while it observed another Quip Zinger attempt the same.

"Is it tough?" A glorious voice resounded from behind, startling the Quip Zinger who turned around in a hurry and prostrated.

"It's fine, be normal." Inala said with patience and sat beside the trembling Quip Zinger, "This loop is pretty tough. I hit the rings multiple times myself."

The Quip Zinger reverted to human form, transforming into an eight-year-old boy who was nervous, scared, but also excited, staring at Inala with awestruck eyes to ask, "Then, how did you make that turn?"

"Want me to show you?" Inala asked.

"YES!" The boy jumped up and down in joy, his shout alerting everyone else training in the place, including their gliding instructor, the Zinger Guard, Kenzar.



Chapter 683 Creating a Minor Treasure

﻿﻿"Wow!"

"Amazing!"

"Look at that turn!" A group of children exclaimed as Inala in his Stage 2 Partial Transformation of Wing made complex turns and went through all the hoops with perfection.

"No, you guys keep practicing." Inala said upon landing before the group of excited children, "I have to talk with your instructor a bit here."

"Okay!" The children turned into Quip Zingers and resumed practice.

Staring at Kenzar, Inala asked, "How many Life Bombs have the Zinger Queens created?"

"Three million." Kenzar said, "We have only been supplying them with limited Prana as our focus was on other fields."

"It's a decent number for now." Inala nodded, "Begin preparations to transport them to the Dieng Canyon."

"But isn't it too soon?" Kenzar asked in a hurry, surprised by the command, "Wasn't the plan to accumulate five million first before making the trip?"

"There's a chance we'll have to go to war early. So, it's of importance we don't allow the Dieng Canyon's numbers to fall." Inala said, "I'll increase the resources allocated to them. Ramp up the production."

"I'll get on to it immediately." Kenzar saluted and began to make the necessary preparations. They were already given plenty of Gold Biome Bombs to store the Life Bombs and transport them.

The ones making the journey will be the Homing Satellites that Kenzar had created until now, shaped into a fish and created using a body of water. The water wasn't compressed as much as the Attributed Region, for accumulating the amounts necessary for it will take too long.

Instead, it was made by taking advantage of the compressed water at the bottommost point of the ocean in the Ravaged Federation, which was easily accessible. As a result, the Prana condensed into water within the Homing Satellites had the same pressure as the water at the bottommost point. As a result, these Homing Satellites were strong enough to face Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

And since he would be sending around two hundred of them, there would be no problems with the transportation. By now, they had already identified the stream of water leaving from the Ravaged Federation that would join with a water body closest to the Dieng Canyon.

Kenzar had made the trip personally and finalised a route to the Dieng Canyon, having left some of his Homing Satellites along the way for protection. As bodies made of water, these Homing Satellites camouflaged themselves in water bodies, avoiding detection.

In their deactivated states, they didn't expend or emit any Prana. Only when activated using a key—a specific Zinger Shriek—would they move around. Kenzar intended to visit the Dieng Canyon in the future and leave Homing Satellites for each elevated plateau.

He could condense Prana within the Homing Satellites into terrain matching the Dieng Canyon's, hence perfectly camouflaging them with their surroundings. They'd take action only when the Dieng Canyon is dangerous.

At the end of the day, the Ravaged Federation was merely a resource collection spot for the Quip Clan. Their home was the Dieng Canyon, and hence plans were being made to shift base eventually. There was still close to a decade for that to happen.

However, Inala brought the plan forward, not knowing the variables resulting from Orakha and Virala discovering the route to the Ravaged Federation. Hence, he started the plan to shift bases already. And to begin that, the Dieng Canyon must be strengthened first.

The three Zinger Queens and the three Empyrean Zinger Queens were in Inala's custody. Without them, it was impossible to replenish the population of Zingers at the Dieng Canyon. To avoid Brangara killing them and obtaining their power, he kept them by his side.

For the past decade, the population of the Zinger was slowly declining due to deaths they faced while attacking the travellers frequenting the region. Due to their sheer numbers, this drop in population wasn't much.

However, they hadn't been replenished by newborns for a decade already. If there's too much gap, it'll be hard for the new Zingers to accustom to the place and learn the ways of their predecessors.

Originally, Inala wanted to bring the Life Bombs alongside the Quip Zingers to the Dieng Canyon. But now, he planned to send the Life Bombs first, since the Quip Zingers were still training at the Quip Clan Settlement.

They had yet to inherit the full capabilities of their race, especially the Tertiary Nature that Inala had finalised upon, which he too would possess.

After giving orders to Kenzar, Inala exited the Quip Clan Settlement and arrived at his spot that was within line of sight from the Biome Lattice. Placed there was a cluster of Biome Bombs of various grades, containing all the stuff that he had made or accumulated over the years.

Of them, there existed a Gold Biome Bomb filled to the brim with Nectar. He had been farming them from the Comb without issues. After all, through his experimentations, Inala managed to form a new route from the Comb that led into the Quip Clan Settlement.

The ones entering through this path were Biome Bombs, armed with Skills that Inala had created just for this task. The Skills had no practical value, but when the Comb detected their entry, they were matched against each other.

After all, the chances of them killing each other was a hundred percent. If both the fighters were at the same Grade and had a hundred percent chance of killing each other, the Comb would pit them against each other.

Upon figuring this out, Inala turned his Biome Bombs into perfect opponents of each other. Through the wealth of Keys he had amassed from the Phells dying to the Biome Lattice, Inala equipped them onto the Biome Bombs and sent them into the Comb.

One of the Biome Bombs would cut off the Key from itself immediately upon entry, allowing the Comb to judge that the battle had ended. The Keys fused with the skeleton of the person. As Gold Biome Bombs, they were able to condense bones within.

Inala experimented with the process until he found the combination of bone material that the Comb judged as a skeleton for a living being. Once in a chamber, the Biome Bomb would simply spit out this bone part, after purposefully making it decay.

This fooled the Comb into thinking that the battle had ended. Once it condenses a droplet of Nectar within the hexagon chamber, one of the Biome Bombs will grab it. The two Biome Bombs would then link themselves and morph their presence into unison, allowing the Comb to judge them as a singular entity.

They would then return.

In this process, Inala was farming Nectar with a negligible Prana expenditure. Around a thousand Gold Biome Bombs were used for the task, with their numbers increasing steadily as Inala's understanding of the Comb deepened.

In the future, Inala would refine this Nectar alongside a pile of his Silver Grade Royal Zinger corpses into a substance termed the Royal Elixir, which had the same effect as a Quip Clansman consuming Inala's corpse and drinking Nectar.

As the Quip Clansmen were still in their growing period, accustoming to their techniques, Inala hadn't refined too much Royal Elixir. He inspected the respective Biome Bomb and judged that there was still enough available.

He focused and condensed two Mystic Biome Bombs, connecting them to form an hourglass. He entered the upper half of the hourglass while causing its lower half to extend strings of Prana and form tunnels. One of the tunnels connected with the Biome Bomb carrying the Nectar.

Inala grabbed a Sumatra Gold dangling in the Biome Bomb at his hip and threw it into the narrow section of the hourglass, watching it fall into the lower half. At his will, a second tunnel extended from the lower half and came in contact with a glowing orb—a Biome Bomb containing a Bolt of Transcendence.

"There's enough resources." Inala mentally tallied the quantity of Nectar he had, the number of orbs in his possession, and finally, the Prana reserves in the Biome Lattice. Upon connecting the transmission lines leading from the Biome Lattice into the hourglass, Inala now had enough Prana to draw upon.

He expended Prana from his body, crossing the usage limit as his strength fell sharply, stabilising once he was at the Expert Silver Grade. Immediately in response, he felt relief, no longer feeling as strong an ego as before.

The OCD he experienced due to the library of information from the Brimgan Founder too subsided until it wasn't an issue anymore. At the Silver Grade, his brain's capability was similar to a Free Human. Due to the limited thought and processing capacity, the brain naturally shut down unnecessary thinking, which worked in his favour.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Inala absorbed the influx of Prana, accumulating enough in his Spirit Container until he condensed a second body, entering the 2-Life Stage. He had done this process enough times to become accustomed to it.

To the current him, entering the 2-Life Stage was child's play, something he could do even in his sleep.

The moment it was condensed, Inala split off the second body and kicked it into the narrow section of the hourglass. Once the body arrived at the lower half of the hourglass, he used Perfect Biome Domination to gradually assimilate the Sumatra Gold into the second body's Spirit Container.

Right as the process concluded, Nectar poured into the mouth, forcing its way down the throat. Immediately after that, a Bolt of Transcendence sparked through the head, killing the second body. It retained most of its power, only consuming a small amount.

The Bolt of Transcendence circulated through the body once, vaporising everything, the flesh, and the Nectar within the stomach. It circled within the lower half of the hourglass once, carrying with it the fusion between the genes of the corpse and the Nectar. It slammed into the Sumatra gold and became one with it.

Gong!

The Sumatra Gold whirred and produced a strong presence, one that died out a few seconds later. After resting a little, Inala kicked down another body of his. And once the body consumed Nectar until its stomach was about to burst, a second Bolt of Transcendence vaporised it.

The fusion from the trio was carried in the remaining power of the Bolt of Transcendence as it slammed into the Sumatra Gold.

Inala repeated the process, starting with fusing the changing piece of Sumatra Gold into the body's Spirit Container.

He was attempting a failed entry into the Transcendence Stage. A normal cultivator would have to reach the 10-Life Stage first before gaining the qualifications to enter the Transcendence Stage. Bolts of Transcendence would be summoned upon them, one that would begin fusing their stack of ten bodies into one.

If they succeed, they'll become a Transcendent. But if they fail, they'll be vaporised fully. However, if they half succeed, they'll become a Minor Treasure or Major Treasure depending on their Grade.

Ten bodies need to fuse into one through the Bolts of Transcendence. That was the condition. Inala was doing the same here, just not at once.

Each body of his was undergoing the process, with its accumulations stored in the Sumatra Gold. He split off the process into stages and through the Nectar, maintained the power of the individual bodies.

This way, the end result would be no different from him half succeeding, creating a Minor Treasure. However, it was easier said than done.

In the Life Stage, the slightest imperfection among the bodies will become more pronounced the greater the stack, resulting in an implosion. Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala was stacking the nectar-fused accumulations of each body, stacking them within the Sumatra Gold.

But as this was his first attempt, his control over Perfect Biome Domination in the stacking process wasn't precise enough once six bodies had been fused into the Sumatra Gold.

With a spark of presence, the Sumatra Gold exploded, producing sparking particles of sand similar to fragments of destroyed Minor Treasures.

"It's a failure." Inala sighed as he used Perfect Biome Domination in the lower half of the hourglass, causing the dispersed power of the Sumatra Gold to condense back into a piece. But everything that he had fused into it was gone now.

"Haah!" He gasped in exhaustion, slumping on the floor to sleep. Once he woke up, he observed the quantity of Nectar remaining and the number of orbs in his arsenal. After a moment of calculation, he firmed himself. Upon inspecting his condition and judging it to be optimal, he began the process once again, 'I need to hit a stack of ten and succeed. And I need to be specific with my purpose, otherwise the Minor Treasure will be something unnecessary.'

Taking in a deep breath, he absorbed Prana through the transmission line leading from the Biome Lattice, condensed a second body, and kicked it down into the lower half of the hourglass.



Chapter 684 Prana Stitch

﻿﻿Boom!

Inala's expression was dead tired, facing another failure. He stared at the lower half of the hourglass, using Perfect Biome Domination to recover the piece of Sumatra Gold, sighing in response, "I almost reached the tenth stack this time. Only a bit more is left."

The improvements were steady over the past month. Inala was confident of completing the Minor Treasure before the duration of five months, for any time after that would be when the Mystic Humans arrive.

He wasn't just nervous about that. But just in case Brangara gets wind of this and somehow ends up at the Ravaged Federation, he would need enough strength to face him. Only by getting a Tertiary Nature would that be possible.

Simply bombarding Brangara with Bolts of Transcendence wouldn't work. Based on the information given by Virala and Orakha, Brangara was currently at the 2-Life Stage. And for some reason, he hasn't progressed beyond that.

Inala understood the reason clearly. It had already been displayed during the Second Major Disaster. In times of disaster, Brangara would condense a third body to take the fall for him.

Whether it be an attack from the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye or a powerful trap from Inala, it didn't matter. In situations where his life was at risk, Brangara would hurriedly condense a third body to tank the attack.

As long as he has enough Prana, he can condense a third body as many times as he wants. Creating a new body required one to condense all their Prana reserves—from a single body—into their Spirit Container. The Spirit Container would mould that Prana into a new body, which would begin growing gradually.

A typical cultivator would have to spend anywhere from months to even years before they could use their new body in combat. However, Brangara was different. The sheer power in his Prana caused his new body to already be decently grown by the time it finished condensing.

Hence, he could immediately put it in use. After becoming the Royal Zinger, Inala too gained the same advantage, even while in his Silver Grade form. It was why he could condense so many bodies and chuck them into the lower half of the hourglass for experimentation.

Brangara would refrain from reaching the 3-Life Stage unless he accumulated enough resources that would allow him to progress to the peak of the 3-Life Stage in the shortest time possible. After all, he was aware that his growth time was a weakness.

The resources he required to grow and reach maturity were the highest on Sumatra. Hence, if a growing body was killed, it would be a tremendous loss, the sheer amount of which could bankrupt dozens of Kingdoms when combined.

Ideally, if a body of his gets killed, he wanted it to be a newly formed one. This way, the only loss is the amount of Prana used to condense the body, which was 18,000 Prana. This amount wasn't much of a loss for him, considering he could recover the amount from consuming a large group of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, who would lose their minds when exposed to his presence.

They'll be a sitting buffet for his consumption. In a matter of hours, he could easily amass enough Prana to condense a new body once again. Or in the case of a Minor Crisis, there would be enough concentration of Pranic Beasts in one place, making his recovery process even faster.

Conversely, Inala needed to amass two million units of Mystic Grade Prana to condense a Bolt of Transcendence, which took a bit over four months of absorption from the Biome Lattice. He would need multiple bolts to kill a Celestial Boar body.

And if Brangara were to tank the attacks with a new body, the one suffering a loss would be none other than Inala. After all, he had wasted millions of Mystic Grade Prana while Brangara expended only 18,000 units of the same.

There were better methods of using a Bolt of transcendence. So, Inala wanted to develop his abilities as quickly as possible so that even if a 2-Life Stage Brangara were to enter the Ravaged Federation alongside Yarsha Zahara, he'd be able to pressure them and force them to flee the place.

Two Minor Treasures and a Major Treasure; that was part of his list in order to attain the strength necessary to kill Brangara during the Third Major Disaster. Currently, the Minor Treasure he was planning to make was one of the two, which would help him and the Quip Clan in gaining a Tertiary Nature.

"Again!" Once he had slept for four hours, Inala woke up with a start and began the process another time. He condensed a second body and kicked it down the hourglass, raising his focus through Perfect Biome Domination.

He would have already succeeded if he had used Perfect Biome Domination while at the Mystic Grade. However, creating new bodies without implosion was impossible at the Mystic Grade. Only his base state was suitable, which forced him to use Perfect Biome Domination with the mental faculties of his Silver Grade self.

He did assume his Royal Zinger form, which gave him greater endurance. That was how he was able to rest and recover faster after every failure.

Sweat dribbled down his face, congregating under his elbows to drip on the floor. As he was standing in the upper half of the hourglass whose floors were inclined toward the narrow tunnel in the centre, the sweat began to flow there.

"Tch!" He clicked his tongue and set aside a small portion of his concentration, using Perfect Biome Domination in the upper half of the hourglass to eject the sweat outside.

Little by little, the piece of Sumatra Gold began to change, transforming into a liver right after he added the tenth body successfully into the stack. But an instant later, he found out the type of power condensing in it through Perfect Biome Domination, "Not this!"

Right as the Sumatra Gold was about to transform into a Minor Treasure, Inala purposefully disrupted the stack, causing an implosion. He collapsed to the floor once again, gasping in exhaustion upon recovering the piece of Sumatra Gold.

Once he rested a bit and gathered his bearings, he made a note of the type of Minor Treasure he was about to condense, 'Once I have free time in the future, I'll make a bunch of these for the Quip Clan.'

A cultivator would have to spend their entire lifetime cultivating to reach the 10-Life Stage and succeed partially, the chances of which were minimal. Only then could they become a Minor Treasure.

Majority of the Kingdoms had one Minor Treasure at most. The weaker Free Human Kingdoms didn't even have a Minor Treasure.

However, Inala needed two years to condense a Sumatra Gold and another two years to condense five Bolts of Transcendence. Most Minor Treasures needed anywhere from one to two Bolts. Ideally, he could produce a Minor Treasure every three years.

Realistically, he could guarantee the production of one Minor Treasure every five years, which was tremendous. And this was only for unique Minor Treasures, whose setup he had to work hard on stabilising through Perfect Biome Domination.

However, for Minor Treasures he already succeeded in making once, Inala could replicate them in the shortest time possible. He would only need a few days atop the production time for the piece of Sumatra Gold and the necessary number of Bolts of Transcendence. With that, he could mass produce the same type of Minor Treasures.

This advantage would rapidly elevate the foundation of the Quip Clan in a short time frame, allowing them to exercise their weight similar to the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan. They'll all be on par with each other.

Similar to the other two Clans, the Quip Clan had a Mystic Grade cultivation technique, powerful Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, an arsenal of Minor Treasures, and even a Major Treasure. By the time the Third Major Disaster starts, Inala wanted the Quip Clan to catch up to the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan in terms of foundation, something the two Clans took over twelve thousand years to accumulate.

With a robust initial foundation, the Quip Clan will be able to propel itself forward the fastest. 'For that to happen, I need to work harder.'

After using the Piezo Slip Skill on a piece of stone to record his observations, Inala began the process, steadily progressing through it until he succeeded in adding a tenth Royal Zinger body into the stack, assimilating it into the Sumatra Gold.

Every body part had a function. And depending on where he concentrated the power of the Nectar and Bolt of Transcendence as the base, and added in the powers from other body parts like constructing a building, the results differed.

The months progressed in such a fashion as Inala immersed himself like a lunatic, ignoring everything else. The Gold Grade Quip Clansmen managed the Quip Clan in his absence, especially Zhya, the Zinger Representative.

Thanks to her presence, Inala didn't have to worry about the Quip Clan's safety.

Four months since the visit from Virala and Orakha, having accumulated close to ten Minor Treasure blueprints possible through the Royal Zinger's body, Inala stared at the stack with reddened eyes, "Yes…yes! YES!"

The effect was gradually condensing into a form that he desired. He immediately calmed down and raised his focus to the extreme, paying the utmost attention possible while using Perfect Biome Domination.

Under his will, the Bolt of Transcendence unleashed sparks that merged with the Sumatra Gold from multiple angles, fusing everything in it into a singular entity. Gradually, faint beams of light began to arc around it like solar flares, increasing in intensity with every successive arc.

Five percent, ten percent, fifteen percent…the volume of Sumatra Gold becoming one with the entity was steadily increasing. Prana surged into Inala as he absorbed it, condensing the Royal Zinger's Prana—attributed with the effects of his Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty.

He fed the Sumatra Gold his Prana in careful amounts, supplying it the necessary energy to attain a change in nature. Gradually, with a palpitating heart, he watched as the final portion of the Sumatra Gold became one with the substances added into the mix—ten Royal Zinger bodies, three-and-a-half Bolts of Transcendence, and many litres of Nectar.

Right as the process concluded, a pillar of light burst out of the resultant object, filling up the interior of the hourglass. Through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala prevented the pillar of light from leaking out.

Otherwise, all the Phells would swarm the place, and eventually, even the Ravaged Federation might come to the location. Powerful Gold Grade existence among them might be able to feel the leaking presence of a Minor Treasure even from afar, even if they cannot see the pillar of light it unleashed.

"He…hehe!" Inala chuckled in giddiness upon succeeding at the task, staring at the object before him, a Spirit Container shaped like the Royal Zinger. "I got the correct one."

Minor Treasure—Prana Stitch!



Chapter 685 The Royal Zinger’s Tertiary Nature

Inala stared at the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch, grinning contently, "It's Prana Stitch, exactly what I wanted."

He extended his hand and touched the Minor Treasure, sensing it fuse with his Spirit Container. Immediately in response, he could hear his heartbeats loudly, feeling strength leave his body as his legs kneeled, "Keuk!"

Thump! Thump!

All his blood seemed as if it was being sucked into his heart, with his Prana retreating into the Spirit Container. His eyes darkened, preventing him from seeing. Following sight, he lost his sense of hearing, touch, taste, and finally, even thought process.

An instant of absolute void later, he recovered his hearing first, feeling his heartbeats accelerating gradually, as if he was born in the womb of his mother. He recovered his senses one after another, feeling a warmth rush through his body as Prana gushed out of his Spirit Container, coursing through his body as usual, carried by the blood.

He blinked his eyes in confusion for a couple of seconds before regaining his focus, noticing that he was on the floor, face-planted on the surface. He lifted his head and noticed the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch faintly hovering above the floor ten centimetres from him.

'It functions as planned.' Flashing a smile in relief, Inala got up, understanding everything that had transpired based on the new information flooding his mindspace. With that, he could feel a change in his presence, one that became more potent.

Tertiary Nature—Prana Stich!

His Tertiary Nature slot was finally filled with an ability that he had been preparing for all along. His original plan before becoming the Royal Zinger was to have three choices for a Tertiary Nature.

The first was Cultivator, the second was based on Brimgan Royals, which boosted his Spirit Weapon range, and the final choice was to increase the potency of his revival mechanism. All three choices had their pros and cons, which he had been struggling to choose.

However, once he obtained the Brimgan Founder's knowledge, new directions of thought emerged in him, especially through the Brimgan Founder's Primary Nature of Prana Circuit.

At first, he was influenced by the memories, almost planning to make Prana Circuit his Tertiary Nature. However, Prana Circuit was a Nature geared for Free Humans. Though he obsessed over seeking the truth of the world, the Brimgan Founder was a human supremacist in the truest sense.

After all, he was the one who built and shaped the Brimgan Empire to its current self as the leader of the Free Humans. The sheer amount of influence that Prana Circuit generated would be unbearable for Inala even when he entered the Mystic Grade.

The Brimgan Founder had only one Nature. And oftentimes, the influence of Prana Circuit had overwhelmed him, controlling him in many situations. It was a Nature built upon his obsession, and hence, its influence was obsessive too.

Over the years, by switching his Grades constantly, Inala was able to assimilate the Brimgan Founder's memories into himself, ensuring he didn't lose his sense of self in the process. Following that, he had been researching ways to gain his needs through a Tertiary Nature.

The result he arrived at was Prana Stitch. Derived from Prana Circuit, it was dumbed down to create circuits that displayed the powers of only the Zinger race. Moreover, its power was fully based on the characteristics of the Royal Zinger, which was why Inala could condense it through his bodies—and formed the Minor Treasure.

The Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch only had one function. When a Quip Clansman touches it, the Minor Treasure would fuse into their Spirit Container, generating the influence of Prana Stitch at full strength.

Minor Treasures influenced living beings. And being made from the Royal Zinger, the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch's influence on Quip Clansmen was at a resonating level.

As the body soaks up the influence, it gradually condenses the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch. And immediately upon creation of the Tertiary Nature, the Minor Treasure would automatically eject itself from the body.

Through this one Minor Treasure, Inala could arm the Quip Clansmen with the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch one by one. The speed at which they could gain the Tertiary Nature depended solely on the amount of Royal Zinger genes they had amassed.

As the Royal Zinger himself, Inala needed less than ten seconds to gain the Tertiary Nature. A Quip Zinger might take anywhere from a few months to even a year or two. So, Inala only planned to grant the Minor Treasure to Zinger Aristocrats and higher.

In the future, he planned to mass produce the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch so that the Tertiary Nature could be granted at a faster speed to the exponentially ballooning population of the Quip Clan.

Tertiary Nature—Prana Stitch!

As its name dictated, it created strings of Prana to stitch up two or more entities together. As Inala had fused the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis into his genetic information, creating strings of Prana was part of the Royal Zinger's characteristics.

Prana Stitch was a summation type of power, the effects of which were the easiest displayed on his Biome Bombs.

Inala condensed two Biome Bombs and stared at the two fist-sized spheres before him, with each containing an inner space spanning a sphere with a radius of 180 metres. Through psychokinesis, he controlled the two and made their surfaces come in contact.

Upon activating his Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch, Inala watched faint strings of Prana jut out from the contact portions and weave into each other, vanishing a few seconds later. Now, a nail-sized portion of the Biome Bombs were connected.

Inala noticed that the number of Spirit Weapons—Biome Bombs—that he was controlling dropped from two to one. It meant that the fused Biome Bombs were considered a single Spirit Weapon.

This was the function of Prana Stitch. It stitched two existences together. After some thought, he attempted the process again, this time making a few more stitches, creating a hodgepodge entity. Unnatural-looking it might be, but the two Biome Bombs were more interconnected with each other now.

He observed that the spaces within the two were synchronised. 'I've yet to truly use its power!'

He knew that his initial experimentation hadn't even begun using Prana Stitch for its intended purpose. Just the information he gained for the Nature revealed a lot of possibilities, not to mention what he would be able to achieve in the future through experimentation.

Inala played around with the new ability he gained, spending the next four days straight at it, "Hehehe!"

He stared at a fist-sized Biome Bomb before him. It had rough edges, with multiple signs of tampering. But unlike before, it was a singular-looking object, almost a sphere. Upon observing the space within, his grin widened.

The volume of a Biome Bomb was 0.024429 cubic kilometres. And now, the volume of the space within the Biome Bomb hovering before him was the double of it.

Basically, through Prana Stitch, Inala was able to combine two Biome Bombs into a singular entity. And once his proficiency with the Nature reaches a certain level, he'll be able to seamlessly fuse two Biome Bombs.

Basically, he was no different from a tailor, able to use two entities as a fabric and stitch them together. When used alongside Perfect Biome Domination, he could use this power in infinite ways.

The power of Prana Stitch doubled per Grade. As it was created using the Royal Zinger, it had the Royal Zinger's characteristics of growing per Grade. At the Iron Grade, it was able to stitch two entities. At the Silver Grade, it could stitch together four entities.

It was eight entities at the Gold Grade and sixteen entities at the Mystic Grade.

By using it alongside Perfect Biome Domination, Inala could rapidly increase the region he could dominate. In terms of volumetric domination, he'd still pale in comparison to a Brimgan Royal.

However, when simply comparing to strings of Prana, which could be summated sixteen times at the Mystic Grade, his range would surpass a Brimgan Royal at the same cultivate Stage.

Prana Stitch worked in synergy with not only his Natures, but also with the Natures of all Quip Clansmen.

In essence, Prana Stitch was created with Tangible Psychokinesis as the base, added with the adhesive nature of a Prana Bomb's surface, followed by properties of Perfect Biome Domination.

That was how it was able to stitch two entities together—

thanks to the properties of Perfect Biome Domination present in it.

Moreover, it was capable of absorbing the target's Prana to do its work, thanks to the characteristics of a Prana Bomb in it.

A Quip Zinger could use Prana Stitch to fuse two Prana Bombs into one, larger Prana Bomb. This had the combined volume and Prana capacity of two Prana Bombs. This way, when it latches onto the target, it can absorb and store a total of 200 units of Prana, making a Quip Zinger's hunt for Prana more successful than a regular Zinger.

Zinger Aristocrats had the Primary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis. Prana Stitch pretty much quadrupled their range by four times.

Best of all, Prana Stitch could be unleashed through Tangible Piezo Slip Skill. A Quip Zinger could glide across the air and shoot a Tangible Piezo Slip armed with Prana Stitch. When it slams into a target, it stitches onto the skin of the target, remaining there by constantly absorbing the target's Prana.

And until it existed, it would constantly unleash the effects of the Tangible Piezo Slip, releasing the target's information through Zinger Shrieks. One hit by it and pretty much all the target's secrets would be revealed.

In the hands of a Zinger Aristocrat, its powers bloomed. Before launching a Tangible Piezo Slip, the Zinger Aristocrat could stitch the effect of its Primary Nature onto the Prana accumulating in its throat.

It could do the same to the effect of Prana Stitch too. As a result, the Tangible Piezo Slip it unleashes after a shriek stitches onto a target upon contact, forming a circuit there. This circuit will absorb the target's Prana and emit the target's information as Zinger Shrieks and spawn strings of Prana that would coil around the target and constrict itself.

Either it would have to rip out its skin before the Prana strings bind it or would have to wait until its Prana was expended, following which the Prana Stitch would vanish, including its effects.

Of course, preparing such a complex attack takes time, since the Zinger Aristocrat is unleashing multiple abilities. However, when pressed for time, they could simply unleash the power of Prana Stitch through a Zinger Shriek or any ranged attack containing Prana.

When focused upon the feet of the target, this trace amount of Prana will condense into a pair of strings that would stitch the feet of the target with the ground or any surface they were in contact with, preventing them from moving.

To move, they would have to lift the entire object they were tied to. Whether the feet or the object, whichever one with lower material strength would be ripped off during the eventual struggle.

He stared at his feet that were tied to the floor, observing that the strings were tough, 'Since I'm at the Silver Grade, the strings have the same strength as strings condensed through Tangible Psychokinesis. The physical strength of a majority of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts isn't enough to rip through these.'

Without the effects of a countering Nature, brute force alone wasn't enough to rip apart these strings. With a smile, he used Perfect Biome Domination to vaporise the strings, finally able to move his feet, 'This has incredible uses, especially against agile opponents like Brangara and Yarsha Zahara.'

Prana Stitch could also be loaded with the effects of a Nature and carved onto a surface through the Piezo Slip Skill. This would make them behave no different from a mine. When they come into contact with any living creature, the Piezo Slip carving would absorb their Prana and fire up the Nature stored in it, resulting in a remote activation of the Nature.

All the Gold Grade Quip Clansmen would excel in battles with the addition of this power in their arsenal, especially the Zinger Queen who had the power of Inhibition Bomb.

And finally, the Royal Zinger, one whose Prana had the properties of his Primary Nature. He required no Preparation time and could simply launch these mines all across the region. And once each mine absorbs 1000 units of Prana, they'd form a Biome Bomb.

As existences with limited sentience, they could take action on their own. Or Inala could simply keep the Biome Bombs hidden. They'll keep absorbing Prana from the mines passively, behaving as generators accumulating Prana from innocent passersby who set foot upon them.

'And in my case, as my Prana has the properties of my Primary Nature, I can make these mines selectively target everyone other than Quip Clansmen or even specify my targets.' Inala thought, feeling ideas for the creation of a few Skills that could streamline this process and make them practically viable for battles.

And now, armed with Prana Stitch, Inala obtained a crowd-

controlling ability that allowed him to exercise his existing advantages to a whole new level. As a skill-intense ability, even if Yarsha Zahara steals its power, she could do nothing with it.

It was impossible to become a professional tailor right off the bat. With that, he wouldn't be too disadvantaged when facing the duo of Brangara and Yarsha Zahara, 'If I could get my hands on some Tangible Natures, I can practice stitching them up wrongly so that they wouldn't even be able to move without destroying each other.'

Now that he had a Tertiary Nature, Inala began to think of ways to use it in battle, arming himself for as many situations as possible.



Chapter 686 Third Option

'As I assumed, this is the limit.' Inala thought as he stared at the stitched Biome Bomb before him. As he was currently at the Silver Grade, he could stitch four Biome Bombs together. Upon making it a singular whole, he performed the same process on four other Biome Bombs, turning it too into a single object, recognised as one Spirit Weapon by his psychokinesis.

Tertiary Nature—Prana Stitch!

Inala grabbed the two stitched Biome Bombs and used Prana Stitch, intending to stitch the two together. However, the moment he activated Prana Stitch, his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination got activated, spiking his focus that allowed him to observe faint lines.

The lines were threads he had used to stitch four Biome Bombs together. They were now highlighted in his vision. However, this highlight was Zinger exclusive. Similar to how only a Zinger could tell a Prana Bomb apart from a Life Bomb, only Quip Clansmen with the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch—upon gaining enough experience—could see the stitches.

To the naked eye, no stitches exist. After all, Inala had used them on the Biome Bombs he had created. All were products made through his Prana, so there was no difference between the strings in the stitch and the Biome Bombs.

Whether in terms of Prana, Presence, structure, etc. they were all the same. However, he was still able to make out where the stitches were.

And now, Inala observed that when he tried to stitch together two stitched Biome Bombs, seams appeared on the once seamless Biome Bombs. Though the stitches had the property to merge onto any object they were stitched to, they still existed, holding the pieces together, similar to stitches for a fabric.

Inala couldn't simply spam them and stitch together an infinite number of things. Stress and strain existed across all material objects. That's why, even when glued together along their cross-section, two iron beams would bend towards their open ends.

This is due to gravity pulling them downwards, so the principle of a beam will take effect here. If a third beam was attached, the bend would increase. By the fourth addition, the adhesive strength of the glue would prove insufficient, causing the iron beams to fall off from the joint.

Prana Stitch had similar limitations. The stress they faced when trying to combine two stitched Biome Bombs strained them beyond their fracture point. That was why Inala immediately could see the seams become more and more pronounced.

If he were to continue the process, the seams would burst soon. 'I see, so the increased number of stitches per Grade is only due to the increased strength of the strings as I increase my grade.'

Inala began to experiment further, understanding the tensile limits of the strings per grade. Prana Stitch's possibilities were endless, but so were its limitations. He would have to experiment to the extreme and tread through a path of possibilities while avoiding the limitations as best as he could.

His current gains were already tremendous. At the Mystic Grade, he could stitch sixteen Biome Bombs into one, which allowed him to create a Biome Bomb with a radius of approximately 454 metres.

This was a massive leap in size from his original 180 metres. Whenever he wants, he can dominate his surroundings in a radius of 454 metres similar to an Empyrean Snapper. This was in terms of radial domination.

For a string of Prana that he could use to absorb Prana and Lifeforce from a target, the total distance attained was a whopping 2.88 kilometres. This was absurd as is, for it was his maximum range at the Body Stage.

If he were to get to the 10-Life Stage, his range would be 28.8 kilometres, the longest possible on Sumatra.

Of the original three options, he chose the second path, which granted him range. And through Prana Stitch, his range surpassed Brimgan Royals at the 10-Life Stage who boasted a Spirit Weapon range of 18 kilometres.

As Prana Stitch had multiple facets to its power other than simply boosting Spirit Weapon range, it was slightly inferior to Kinesis Deity. At the Gold Grade, Inala had a range of 1.44 kilometres at the Body Stage, which equated to 14.4 kilometres.

Of the three options, he focused on the second option—range!

However, that didn't mean that he abandoned the other two options. Mystic Royal Art allowed him to cultivate through the Life Stage. Hence, he intended to create a Minor Treasure next that could stabilise his stack of bodies while he changed his grades.

This was for the first option—Life Stage!

The process of its creation would be the same as the one used to make the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch. Built out of his body, it would have properties capable of supporting the functions of his growth, which was derived from his Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty.

'Next on my list isn't it, however.' He shook his head, knowing that creating a stabilising Minor Treasure was a bottomless well, since he needed one for each body. Meaning, he would have to make ten such Minor Treasures.

Just the Sumatra Gold necessary for it would take him two decades, not to mention the Bolts of Transcendence and Nectar associated with the production costs.

Going through the Life Stage was something he would do eventually, but not now. His priority was to raise his individual strength to such a level that even if he was alone, and with a single body, he would still prove tough enough against Brangara.

This was where he had been preparing for the third option—Revival!

As long as Quip Clansman with Cripple Disease has a sufficient amount of Royal Zinger genes, there was a non-zero chance they could birth the Royal Zinger. As long as the Quip Clan stands tall, he'd eventually return to Sumatra, no matter how far into the future it might be.

However, there was always a risk of the Quip Clan getting annihilated. Hence, Inala used the Comb to his advantage, sending a body of his to it regularly, allowing as many Ravaged Tribesmen as possible to consume his body.

This way, they'll be carrying a portion of the Royal Zinger genes in their body. Due to its characteristics, it'll gradually accumulate in their bodies until eventually, the Royal Zinger becomes born in the Ravaged Federation.

Inala ensured that powerful Ravaged Tribesmen were only able to consume his body once. This was to guard against any abilities that Yarsha Zahara might create in the future that could detect the Royal Zinger's genes.

Inala had no idea if she could even create something that powerful, but it was best to be prepared. The concentration of the Royal Zinger gene would be limited within the Ravaged Tribesmen, and as it is mixed amidst hundreds of genes, it'll be impossible to detect them.

And by the time enough genes accumulate to birth the Royal Zinger naturally, Yarsha Zahara and Brangara would have long since run out of their natural lifespan.

It was better to have as many revival mechanisms as possible, since his ultimate goal was to one day roam and witness everything Sumatra has to offer. Considering its sheer scale, he'd need multiple lifetimes to go through all the places. This revival method was perfect for his needs.

But currently, he had to face the Celestial Boar. Towards that, he needed countermeasures. Inala already had an idea from what he witnessed at the Attributed Region during the Second Major Disaster.

'I need to begin preparations for it immediately.' He thought and stared at his remaining piece of Sumatra Gold, 'I need a lot more Prana!'

He exited the hourglass and used Prana Stitch to stitch the two Biome Bombs forming it into a singular whole. The Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch was held within, preventing any external entities from sensing its presence.

The hourglass shrunk to palm-sized as Inala carried it and approached the Biome Lattice, staring at an entity hovering in the high-pressured waters like it was nothing, remaining in contact with a Gold Biome Bomb to absorb the Prana from its reserves.

The entity seemed ethereal at first glance, having a body made out of water. It was humanoid, barely a metre tall. Thin, glowing electric lines made vein patterns within its body, resembling the human nervous system.

The largest concentration of these glowing electric lines was in two places, depicting the shapes of a brain and heart respectively. The brain was a complete cluster of these electric lines, shimmering and sparking nonstop.

The heart, on the other hand, seemed to be a node from where all these electric lines were coming out from. At the centre of this node existed an orb, forming the of the entity's body. Externally, it seemed like an Attributed Creature, but the glowing lines weren't available in Attributed Creatures.

At Inala's arrival, the entity turned its head to stare at him, directing its grey eyes at him, ones sporting small electric dots at the centre. It opened its mouth and unleashed a soundwave, producing a voice once it touched Inala's body, "You seem burdened by a sense of urgency."

"Obviously," Inala sighed, "I have no idea when our enemies might show up on our doorsteps. If they do, we'll lose all this advantage. Without the Biome Lattice, the Quip Clan's development will become hundreds of times slower."

"Why are you getting flustered? That's uncharacteristic of you." The entity spoke, its eyes darting across his body before focusing on his expression, "If they come, so be it. We'll face them with however much preparations we have. And in the unfortunate case, we'll have to flee with crippling losses."

"You've grown strong, Inala. However, as your strength grows, your original nature of planning for various possibilities is turning into an obsession."

"I can't help it, even if I wanted to." Inala shook his head, "I can build everything from scratch once again, but I don't think we have enough time for that. There are around thirty years left for the Third Major Disaster to start, and this calculation might be wrong. If it begins even earlier, we won't have enough strength to kill Brangara."

"Three decades is honestly…too short of a time, even by a generous estimate." Wittral sighed and stared at the Biome Lattice, "It is indeed possible to accelerate our growth and reach maturity faster. The two of us gained a small portion of that characteristic from Brangara at the Dralh Sea when we swapped our Spirit Containers."

"However, we don't have Voracious Nature. So, our growth speed pales in comparison to Brangara." The entity said, "No matter how fast we accumulate resources, Brangara only needs to target the Cooter Clan once again…and…that fucking bastard will blaze through the Life Stage!"

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Representative!

The entity was none other than Zhya, having learnt about the fate of her previous home at the Dralh Sea. Though she abandoned her previous identity, it would be a lie to say she wasn't angered to the extreme upon hearing the news.

It was why she was focused on building her Zinger Representative body using her Primary Nature of Biome Nature. Initially, she could only rely upon condensing terrain using the Prana she had absorbed.

Only after she builds a miniature version of her body can she take advantage of her Sandy-Grey Void stomach to consume large amounts of water and earth, turn them into grey sand, and eventually convert them into the Attributed Region to grow her body.

Upon reaching that point, her growth will become faster, saving lots of time and resources, especially in terms of Prana. However, to finish a miniature body required a voracious amount of Prana.

It was why she was camping at the Biome Lattice to actively grow in strength. Upon expressing rage initially, Zhya calmed down in a matter of seconds, regaining her cool and focus as she stared at Inala to ask, "Focus on what you need to do. I can manage the Quip Clan's development even from here."

"I came here to give this to you," Inala said and pushed the hourglass towards Zhya.

The moment she stared at the hourglass, Zhya expressed her shock, "You completed it? Which one from the list is this?"

"Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch." Inala said upon seeing Zhya grab the hourglass and seep Prana inside, "Fuse with it and then distribute it to other Clansmen in order."

"Let's head to the settlement then." Zhya said and began to swim in the respective direction alongside Inala, "I need to assume human form to fuse with it without issues."

Her Zinger Representative form was made from the Attributed Region, Bolt of Transcendence, and Sandy-Grey Void, all three of which were able to harm a Minor Treasure. Hence, she couldn't fuse with it immediately, as her fragile human form was a liability outside, with millions of Phells roaming around.

The dup entered the Quip Clan Settlement as Zhya reverted to human form, groaning once as her body ached. She casually wore a pair of clothes and grabbed the hourglass, fishing out the Minor Treasure from within as she made contact with it.

"Argh!" She grunted and collapsed to the floor, twitching erratically as the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch fused with her being, rapidly influencing her. A minute later, she woke up, observing the changes in her and noticed the Minor Treasure hovering beside her, already ejected out of her body, "This is amazing!"

"Arm all our Clansmen at the Silver and Gold Grades." Inala stated in seriousness, "Tell them to focus on training Prana Stitch the maximum. And once they're ready, tell them to do all this."

He took out a piece of rock and carved out a Piezo Slip on it, detailing everything the Quip Clan needed to get ready. Staring at the long list, Zhya commented, "This will require more resources than what we have currently."

"Use the Mystic Humans to trade using Prana Bombs. They're bound to arrive in a month or two." Inala said in solemnness, "Slow down the Quip Clan's growth a bit and pour all our energy on this matter."

"We're not resting until we capture the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye!"



Chapter 687 Our Leader May Be Weak, But She’s Competent

﻿﻿Dieng Canyon!

In a canyon that spanned a kilometre in width ran a stream of water, four hundred metres wide and reaching a depth of two hundred metres. This stream of water trickled down from a massive mountain situated along one of the borders of the Deng Canyon.

Reaching a height of 18 kilometres, it was a fat mountain as its peak alone resembled a circle that had a radius of 22 kilometres. At the peak of this mountain laid a lake, bubbling with Phells that had arrived from the Ravaged Federation.

However, there was nothing for the Phells to target, for this peak was barren. Trees were resembling Decodus Trees stood at the peak, sporting needle-shaped leaves. And unlike Decodus Trees that store water in them, these trees were no different from a trap.

The roots stretched long and wide, barging into the water source at the peak, the lake. Upon absorbing water from the lake, the trees leaked out the water through the tips of their needle-shaped leaves, causing water to trickle down the sides of the mountain.

These individual streams merged into a brook due to the lay of the terrain and cascaded down the mountain, eventually entering the Dieng Canyon.

As there was no direct connection between the brook and the lake, the Phells were unable to leave the confines of the lake. As the lake became crowded by the Phells, a group of Zingers arrived at its peak, having been on a long journey.

Followed by a shriek, they dumped a large amount of Prana Bombs into the lake, knocking the Phells unconscious as the Prana Bombs absorbed their Prana from various locations. Some of the Phells exploded upon piercing the Prana Bombs with their needle-like noses, resulting in splashes of water.

But the Zingers watched from afar, not daring to get close. All they did was continue to throw Prana Bombs into the lake until they filled the surface.

Kirek!

A Zinger approached 180 metres from the lake and spread its Prana around, soon detecting the Prana Bombs it had created. Like a Spirit Weapon, it lifted the respective Prana Bombs through psychokinesis and piled them into a cluster, cackling in joy to see they were all filled with Prana.

It cracked open a Prana Bomb and consumed its contents, replenishing its Prana, following which it carried the cluster of Prana Bombs with its legs, unfurled its wings and jumped from the side of the mountain, gliding its way to the Dieng Canyon.

As the mountain remained in proximity to the Dieng Canyon, the Zingers swarmed the place, for it was pretty safe and efficient to farm for Prana from the lake.

Kiek! Kriek!

Suddenly, the horde of Zingers at the peak moved away in shock, watching the water on the lake swirl around, following which humanoid entities exited. Their bodies of water were strange, alarming the Zingers.

However, just as the Zingers intended to attack the increasing water figures, one of the latter emitted its presence, calming them down.

Quip Clan!

Feeling the presence of the Quip Clan, the Zingers let go of their sense of alarm and were instead excited. Upon sensing the tiny Biome Bombs hanging onto the hips of these water figures, they prostrated on the ground.

The presence emanating from the Biome Bombs was none other than their Deity's, the Royal Zinger's.

Kriek!

One of the water figures unleashed a Zinger Shriek, informing all the Zingers of their purpose of visit. It threw a Biome Bomb onto an open space, watching it revert to its original size and reveal an entrance.

The Zingers swarmed towards the entrance, staring inside to see it packed to the brim with Life Bombs.

Shriek! Kruakk!

Finally, the Zingers could replenish their thinning numbers. Immediately in response, Zingers from various colonies came forward, expressing interest in carrying the Life Bombs.

The water figure selected one of the Zingers and gave it a Biome Bomb. In their miniature form, the Biome Bombs were easy to carry. Other than the one used to display the Life Bombs, all the other Biome Bombs were in their miniature forms.

Through a Zinger Shriek, the water figure informed the Zinger of the various colonies it needed to share the Life Bombs with. They were all colonies living close by to its colony.

[Once you've distributed them all, fill the Biome Bomb with Prana Bombs and bring it back.]

The water figure gave out its orders. The Zinger Queens only gave Life Bombs to colonies in proportion to the number of Prana Bombs they were given. That was the tradition of the Zinger race.

The water figures were following the same. Only the first batch of Life Bombs was for free, as their numbers hadn't been replenished in a decade. Following that, these Biome Bombs will serve as transportation trucks for the Prana Bombs that would be taken to the Ravaged Federation.

The water figures will stay at the peak of the mountain. When they collect enough Biome Bombs filled with Prana Bombs, they would make a trip to a river two hundred kilometres away through a water channel, at the end of which was a small sinkhole leading to the Ravaged Federation.

Travelling through water was easy for the water figures and the most energy efficient too. They could also camouflage with the environment and avoid danger, making transportation feasible. Once they return to the Ravaged Federation through a downward stream, Inala will make use of them.

The excess Prana Bombs will be transported through the upward stream heading to the Dralh Sea, using which they'll transact with the Brimgan Empire.

Instead of increasing the load on the Biome Lattice, Inala could take full advantage of the Dieng Canyon. As the region with the most traffic, the Zingers had more than enough avenues to amass an excess amount of Prana Bombs.

In response to the Life Bombs they would be receiving, they'll collect Prana Bombs for Inala's sake. This way, even by keeping the three Zinger Queens and three Empyrean Zinger Queens safe in his custody, he could maintain the function of the Dieng Canyon.

There were multiple entry and exit points connecting the Ravaged Federation to the Dieng Canyon. Gradually, water figures began to appear in all the locations, creating a chain of trade between the Quip Clan and the Zingers.

Besides, he could do that while taking advantage of a Major Treasure.

The round trip from the Ravaged Federation to the mountain and then back to the Ravaged Federation took barely a month. It was because they could ride with the stream currents for both trips.

So, they didn't have to use any effort to make the journey and instead could do it passively. However, there was only an upward stream leading to the Dralh Sea.

There was no downward stream heading into the Ravaged Federation in the region that was direct. Minuscule streams were meandering across the place before they eventually joined a faraway downward stream.

Getting to the respective location was dangerous, for at least four races with multiple Gold Grade Pranic Beasts lived there.

The water figures would be clobbered in a matter of seconds if they were to set foot in the region. Inala would have to personally make the trip to gain entry. However, he didn't have the time to do so, hence, the one at the Dralh Sea would have to make do.

Currently travelling against the current in the upward stream was a massive submarine, one reaching a kilometre in length. Seated within were two hundred Mystic Humans, guarding a large cargo.

Parute Fruits, medicines, Elixirs, minerals, etc. a variety of resources were being transported through the submarine. Leading the group was none other than Virala, for only he could make the journey fast enough and also had the necessary Prana reserves to do so.

However, unlike the previous time, the body of Virala leading the submarine was the newly built one. He intended to take advantage of Prana from the Biome Lattice to generate influence from his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp.

He could generate influence at its strongest state without having to take breaks for recovery, allowing him to strengthen himself at a faster pace.

'I can do this on my own.' Virala thought as he observed the Phells unable to get close to the submarine, placed at bay by the force of psychokinesis the submarine released on them. 'My skill level has improved.'

The submarine sped through the water stream, having not been bombarded by the Phells much. Even when the Phells exploded, the damage sustained by the Tratham submarine was inconsequential.

And the more he journeyed in this manner, the greater his experience accumulated. 'This is a good training session.'

It was why he took charge of the trip and planned to do so in the future even after his Mystic Humans grew strong enough to make the trip on their own.

'Setting up the trade agreement with the Brimgan Empire took longer than I expected, but it's still better than nothing.' Virala thought as the submarine arrived at the Ravaged Federation, seven months after their previous visit.

'What is this?' He frowned upon observing the Biome Bomb positioned on the water surface, forming a ring around the stream of water entering the ocean. An artificial platform had been constructed around the Biome Bomb ring, sporting segment lines all across it.

'A puzzle platform?' Virala thought upon observing the place. The entire platform was formed by pieces joined together. When necessary, it wouldn't take long to break the platform into their individual pieces and stash them somewhere else in safety.

"My Deity!" Nez expressed his confusion upon noticing the puzzle structure of the platform, "Is this place not under the Quip Clan's rule?"

"Obviously not. The Ravaged Federation is too huge for one person to take control of in such a short time." Virala shook his head, "This platform has been constructed just to receive us. Keep your wits sharpened. If there's any way we can further take advantage of the Quip Clan, don't hesitate to do so."

"We're merely trading with each other as it's beneficial to do so. They're not our allies."

"I understand." Nez nodded and watched strings of Prana jut out of the Biome Bomb ring and create a platform to hold the Tratham submarine. Following that, it pulled the submarine onto the platform, away from the ascending stream of water.

'I remember this woman.' Virala thought as he stared at Zhya who had come to greet the Mystic Humans. The submarine's entrance opened and Virala was the first to step out, cupping his fists in her direction, "I believe this is the first time we've met each other."

"I'm Virala."

"The pleasure's mine," Zhya responded in kind, "The pleasure's ours."

She then pointed at the house constructed towards the outer edge of the platform, "Please follow me. We've made refreshments for your consumption."

"Where's Inala?" Virala asked as he looked around, silently observing the trail of Biome Bombs stretching below the platform, 'Do they head all the way to the ocean bed? Just how much Prana is he amassing that he's able to expend it like water?'

"He's immersed in research, so I apologise for the inconvenience." Zhya said with a smile, "However, I'm the Quip Clan's leader, not Inala. So, it's only right that I come to greet you."

"You're the leader?" Virala was shocked by the information, taking a second glance at Zhya, 'Her presence seems lacking to be the Quip Clan's leader. Is there a reason Inala appointed her as one?'

'Yeah, unnecessary thinking is not my thing. Let's just be direct about it.' Virala thought and crossed his hands, "I feel that hard to comprehend."

Saying so, he pointed towards the house they were walking towards, "The presence I'm sensing from there is many times stronger than yours. So, how come you're the Quip Clan's leader?"

"Is there any rule saying that the leader must be the strongest?" Zhya's lips curled as she stared at Virala, "Is that hard to comprehend despite where you hail from?"

"You were…elected as the leader?" It was common sense on Earth, but felt unreal on Sumatra, so much so that Virala found it hard to believe.

"No," Zhya chuckled as she shook her head, "I was just joking."

"Only the most capable among us can be our leader." The doors to the house opened as the source of the powerful presence Virala felt walked out. It was Kenzar, the Zinger Guard, stationed close by to protect Zhya.

Followed by a short bow in respect towards her, Kenzar stared at Virala, "Isn't that obvious when managing a Clan?"



Chapter 688 Testing the Limits of Hidden Eye

﻿﻿'So, there are Gold Grade existences in the Quip Clan.' Virala thought as revealed a casual smile and followed Zhya towards the appointed building. He didn't comment anything for the time being, calmly analysing Kenzar from time to time.

'That's the Violet Mystic Path, huh?' At the same time, Kenzar was observing Virala too, 'Dangerous, as Inala had warned.'

'He's a Gold Grade existence, but can transform into two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, one of which is the Empyrean Boar King.' Zhya thought, her expression placid as she thought, glancing at the two hundred Mystic Humans accompanying Virala, internally worried, 'Two hundred Gold Grade existences. If they were to suddenly attack us, we won't be able to win against them.'

Kenzar, Kenka, Zaihaya, and Zhya; the Quip Clan only had four Gold Grade existences. Individually, they were stronger than a Mystic Human due to their abilities. However, they could be ganged upon beyond their recovery and Prana absorption capabilities.

The population of the Zinger Aristocrats were steadily increasing over the years, not to mention the Quip Zingers who were being endlessly spawned by a dozen Mystic Biome Bombs attached to the Biome Lattice.

In a head-on battle, their side would win. But in the current circumstances, with their foundation right within the water underneath, a fight would only result in their losses. Moreover, once the Biome Bombs forming the Quip Clan Settlement get damaged and reveal the presence of the Quip Clansmen within, a horde of Phells would rush them, resulting in their deaths.

Billions of Phells lived in their region alone, not to mention all across the Ravaged Federation's ocean. The moment they sniff out the presence of anyone other than a Ravaged Tribesman, they'd swarm the target.

Even when the Biome Lattice released a different presence, it was a careful emission, controlled only to be slightly different from a Ravaged Tribesman's presence. This way, the amount of Phells lured in could be controlled and kept within the Biome Lattice's tolerance capacity.

'Even in such a situation where the enemy can impact our foundation, Inala still took the risk to invite the Mystic Humans here.' Zhya thought, analysing the situation from Inala's perspective. 'Indeed, using the Mystic Humans, we can trade with the Brimgan Empire. Considering their human supremacy characteristics, dealing with them through the Mystic Humans is better.'

Technically, the Royal Zinger was displayed as the Brimgan Empire's Guardian. However, that was only propaganda. The leaders of both sides were aware of the truth. They were only taking advantage of each other's reputation for their benefit.

If Inala were to approach the Brimgan Empire for a trade, there was a decent chance of success. However, that would create a situation where the Quip Clan bypasses the Mystic Humans to approach the Brimgan Empire.

There was only one trade route that could be traversed efficiently and with limited risks. Hence, Inala roped Virala into the picture, using the latter for the deal. This way, the Mystic Humans will cooperate, since as the intermediary, they were gaining benefits from both sides.

The house was two storeys high, sporting a large floor-to-ceiling hall surrounded by a flight of stairs along the edge. There was a balcony protruding inside, creating a viewing gallery for some of the Quip Clansmen to gather and observe the Mystic Humans.

"They seem weak." A Mystic Human commented as he stared at a Quip Zinger, "Most of them only have Iron Grade strength."

"Yeah, they seem lacking despite how much our Deity praised their Deity." Another Mystic Human said, staring at the Quip Clansmen with a superiority complex, "We're a thousand times better."

Their discussion was hushed but Virala was able to hear them all clearly. However, even he began to have doubts, wondering just what the heck was Inala planning, 'Is he focusing his efforts somewhere else? Maybe there's something else that I'm missing from the picture. Considering how he behaves, there's bound to be a hidden mechanism that makes his force stronger than what it seems.'

'After all, this is a guy who entered the Mystic Grade while constantly fleeing from Brangara while having to protect Gannala.' Virala thought, 'If he can do all that without much strength, his plans are bound to be more perverse now that he has Mystic Grade strength.'

He was right on the dot about that. It was just that Inala wanted the Quip Clansmen to act weak. That was why Zhya appeared in her human form, which was her weakest state. All the Quip Clansmen too appeared in their human forms.

Unlike Mystic Humans, they didn't need to transform. Their Pranic Beast forms were also their natural state, thanks to the effects of Mystic Royal Art. Moreover, Zingers were evasive units in the first place. Their powers weren't geared towards brute strength.

It was better to be on guard against even allies, not to mention a trading partner like the Mystic Humans. Hence, the Quip Clansmen with Iron and Silver Grade strength were the weakest of their kind.

Even among the Gold Grade Clansmen, only Kenzar and Zhya were dispatched. In her human form, Zhya seemed no different from a Quip Clansman in terms of the strength of her presence. Kenzar was strong, but his presence paled in comparison to an Empyrean Tusk. So, Virala didn't pay him much heed.

Only if there was an existence on par with an Empyrean Tusk on Inala's side would Virala take note. That existence was Zhya, but he couldn't see through the simple scheme.

"We have created a living quarter below," Zhya said as the Mystic Humans were served food by the Quip Clansmen. She ignored the tension in the air, acting nonchalant as she led Virala and a few Mystic Humans down a flight of stairs.

Below the platform was a line of Biome Bombs, modified to act as a flight of stairs. The space within wasn't compressed. They were condensed to be cylindrical in shape, sporting a height of 360 metres and a radius of 10 metres.

"It's a long way down," Virala commented upon hearing the rhythmic sounds created by the footsteps of him and the over dozen Mystic Humans following him.

"We've created a dwelling atop the ocean floor. So, there's some travel distance." She soon pointed at a divergence, "That path leads to the living quarters for the Mystic Humans."

At the end of the diversion hovered a Biome Bomb stitched sixteen times. It was situated in a part of the ocean that received sunlight, creating a pleasant dwelling inside. Zhya led everyone to it first, showing a series of stone houses, "We've kept things simple as you had asked. If you need anything, feel free to tell me about it."

"Alright," Virala observed a couple of houses at the entrance and nodded that they were more than enough to serve as a dwelling.

Zhya then led the group further downward, pointing at another diversion, "We have placed four open spaces like this for your use. You can do whatever you want in them. Anything you need to add there, we'll do it promptly."

Stitched Biome Bombs hovered at the end of all diversions. Zhya eventually brought the group to the end of the flight of stairs, leading into a network of Biome Bombs placed on the ocean floor.

The lower half of the Biome Bombs had been turned cylindrical and lodged deeper into the ocean floor, following which the bottom surface had been removed, allowing the person inside to make contact with the floor.

Externally, it appeared as a dome. Two tunnels stretched from each dome, connected to similar domes, numbering two hundred in total. Each dome spanned a radius of 150 metres, reserved exclusively for the Mystic Humans, one per each.

The tunnels stretching from a dome spanned a length of 15 metres each, joining with similar tunnels from other domes. Arriving at one of the domes, Zhya jumped from the flight of stairs and landed on the ocean floor, beckoning for a Mystic Human to give it a go, "See if this place is suitable."

"Yes," The Mystic Human stared at Virala for confirmation before landing on the ocean floor. Upon assuming Spirit Eater form, his roots dug into the ocean floor and began to suck up nutrients, nodding, "It's rich with minerals."

"If the place becomes lacking in the future, we can easily shift the setup to another region." Zhya smiled in contentment, plucking a Parute Fruit that formed on the Spirit Eater's branches and chucked it in her mouth. "Delicious!"

"Yes!" Nez nodded and began to run up the flight of stairs, his pace accelerating upon being boosted by psychokinesis.

"What about mine?" He stared at Zhya to ask.

"It's at the end," Zhya said and led him through a series of domes, at the end of which was a Biome Bomb hovering right above the ocean floor. A tenth of it was covered by soil, forming a comfy ground.

Grass grew on it, emitting a fresh scent full of vitality. A pond existed at the corner, serene in nature while trees covered its border. A large, open space was maintained in the centre for Virala to take seat.

Staring at the arrangement, Virala commented with a favourable tone, "I like it here."

"That will supply you with the necessary Prana." Zhya said and pointed at the string of Prana that hung from the ceiling, "Just touch it and Prana will pour into you. You'll be granted Prana equivalent to the number of Parute Fruits produced by the Mystic Humans."

"That's pretty fair." Virala nodded and caused his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp to occupy the open space. Once it bloomed, he sat upon it and used his tail to grab the string of Prana, feeling a steady stream of Prana enter his being.

"Want to accompany me?" He stared at Zhya and asked upon seeing that she hadn't left, extending his hand to invite her.

"Have a fruitful training session." Zhya turned around and left, her tone slightly cold towards the end.

"Hmm…do I?" Virala muttered as he stared at Zhya's back before shaking his head, 'Let's not trigger this bastard before I understand the extent of his strength. I have more to gain through this trade than anything else. After all, the ones working hard are my Mystic Humans. I can chill here and strengthen myself.'

He poured the supplied Prana into the Mystic Human Stamp, watching its influence flood his body in response, strengthening both him and his tool made out of Tratham. "An inexhaustible supply of Prana…impressive!"

"What exactly is he doing with this supply?" He thought, recalling the image of the Biome Lattice, "That monstrous entity must be amassing an unimaginable amount of Prana from the Phells."

'His plans take time, but once it starts rolling, his advantages rapidly pile up.' Virala thought and stared at the ceiling of the Biome Bomb, his expression hardening gradually, 'I shouldn't become overconfident, especially not against Inala.'

At the same time, the person in question was no different from a tailor, using Prana Stitch to stitch together various materials, rapidly accumulating experience.

'The Influenced Region of Hidden Eye uses the principle of cause and effect to erase anything related to flight. However, it received irrecoverable damage from three Bolts of Transcendence.' Inala was deep in thought, analysing as he shot his ideas as Piezo Slips onto the rock wall before him, 'But the Attributed Region wasn't destroyed even after tanking hundreds of Bolts of Transcendence.'

'Then, the answer is simple.' Inala nodded, 'There must either be more than one or the majority of its power is concentrated on its power to erase all means of flight through cause and effect.'

"The only way to know for sure is to test it," Inala muttered and threw two Biome Bombs in opposite directions, reaching the surface as he watched them arc through the air. Once both the Biome Bombs were two kilometres apart from each other, and had reached an altitude of four hundred metres from the sea level, they unleashed a soft thrust of air, generating a lift.

The moment they began to fly, the Hidden Eye appeared. However, there was just one. It first targeted one of the Biome Bombs, erasing it before appearing beside the second one to do the same.

Upon erasing both Biome Bombs, it vanished. Inala remained in his spot, waiting a few seconds until soundwaves slammed into him. They were Zinger Shrieks unleashed by the Biome Bombs right before they were erased.

As the relevant information popped into his mind space, a twisted smile appeared on his face, 'It's possible!'

'I can devour it!'



Chapter 689 Experimenting Upon the Hidden Eye

﻿﻿Only the entity targeted by the Hidden Eye could see it. But as Inala had faced it a few times already, he could feel its presence. But that was it.

It was why he stitched Tangible Piezo Slips onto the Biome Bombs before summoning the Influenced Region of Hidden. It was to experiment upon the extent of rules it followed to use cause and effect to erase an existence.

'As I thought, it works.' Inala smiled in thought as the information popped up in his mind space, 'Since Zinger Shrieks are purely sounds and not an ability, it doesn't get erased with the entity.'

Like if Inala were to get erased by the Hidden Eye, his body would vanish. However, the air in his lungs won't vanish. He wasn't sure of this info, but the arrival of the Zinger Shriek confirmed his hypothesis.

'But why exactly doesn't it get erased too?' Inala frowned. When the two Biome Bombs entered a state of flight, the Hidden Eye appeared to erase them. it erased them one after another. However, it intended to erase them both.

Hence, when it appeared, it had revealed itself to both the Biome Bombs. The one that got erased first wasn't able to resist. After all, in its perspective, its time was halted, following which it was erased.

Right before it attained flight, it had generated a Zinger Shriek from one corner of the Biome Bomb's interior. At the speed of sound, the Zinger Shriek required a bit over a second to traverse the length of 360 metres within the Biome Bomb.

The shriek was only partway in its journey when the Biome Bomb got erased. But as it hadn't been erased, it continued to travel and eventually reached him. The air within the first Biome Bomb was sucked in from outside. Hence, the shriek reached Inala after the Biome Bomb was erased.

However, the air in the second Biome Bomb was condensed through Prana, which meant that the shriek travelling through the air too was erased. Before it got erased though, the Biome Bomb unleashed a Zinger Shriek that informed Inala of what it witnessed—that of the first Biome Bomb getting erased by the Hidden Eye.

Inala compiled all the information he got and formulated another plan, 'Maybe it's because both were in line of sight of each other. So, it could see and target the other Biome Bomb.'

Up next, Inala created two Biome Bombs, placing them at a distance of thirty kilometres from each other. He stood atop one and stared in the direction of the other, 'Thanks to the waves, there's no line of sight towards the other.'

It was already hard to make out each other due to the curvature of the planet. The waves made it easier for Inala to hide them in such a short distance. Once he got to safety, he made the two Biome Bombs—that were floating on the water—assume flight once again.

They had barely flown for a few centimetres when the Hidden Eye appeared. It stared at the Biome Bomb and erased it. A second later, it erased the other Biome Bomb.

Inala waited in patience until the Zinger Shriek from the other Biome Bomb travelled across the distance and reached him, taking a bit less than two minutes to do so.

Both the Biome Bombs had been constantly unleashing a Zinger Shriek from the instant they assumed flight. So, the longer the duration their Zinger Shriek persisted, the longer it meant they lived while assuming flight.

Factoring in the speed of sound, Inala calculated, 'The second Biome Bomb was erased only a second after the first.'

Immediately after that, Inala planted twelve Biome Bombs in a circle, similar to the position of the hours in a clock. Each Biome Bomb was placed thirty kilometres from their adjacent Biome Bombs. Inala stood at the centre of the circle and unleashed a Zinger Shriek radially.

This way, the sound wave would reach all the Biome Bombs at the same time, prompting them to assume flight in unison. The moment they started, the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye appeared once again, beginning to erase the Biome Bombs one after another.

Once it had erased all twelve, it vanished. Inala waited a couple of minutes until the Zinger Shrieks from the Biome Bombs reached him, causing a smile on his face, 'It seems that the Hidden Eye can only erase one target per second. It has been erasing the Biome Bombs once every second.'

The Hidden Eye was an Influenced Region. Therefore, Inala was aware that it wasn't sentient. The Hidden Eye was similar to the Comb in that it operated on a set of rules to achieve a selective task. Therefore, irrespective of how many times he summons it, the Hidden Eye would never target him, since from its perspective, he wasn't the cause of flight.

That was why he dared to experiment like this, since it didn't matter how many of his Biome Bombs it erased. Thanks to the endless supply of Prana from the Biome Lattice, Inala could create Biome Bombs without worries.

"Onto the next experiment." Since he timed its erasing power, he intended to figure out its movement capabilities next.

Inala created a metre-wide Biome Bomb and placed it before him. He layered a four-metre-wide Biome Bomb over it and repeated the process with concentric Biome Bombs. He filled them with various substances too. One was a vacuum, one was filled with air, one had water, one had earth, etc.

Upon adding thirty layers of Biome Bombs, Inala touched the external most Biome Bomb and activated Perfect Biome Domination. Gradually, he gained control over all the Biome Bombs, dominating all the space they enveloped.

Once that was done, the innermost Biome Bomb assumed flight, 'Can the Hidden Eye appear in a place where there is no space to accommodate it?'

Unfortunately, it appeared outside the concentric Biome Bombs. A second later, it vanished. "…Haah!"

Inala felt a sharp mental exhaustion settle in him, noticing a thin, pinhole-sized line extending from the outside to the innermost Biome Bomb. This created a line of sight that allowed the Hidden Eye to stare at the innermost Biome Bomb and erase it.

'So, when there is no line of sight and it's being blocked, it erases other targets to create a line of sight. However, this erasure is only intended to create the line of sight, nothing else.' He thought and observed the needle hole that had formed through all the Biome Bombs.

Such a small hole was inconsequential, for both living and non-

living beings. Living beings could recover from it through Prana easily. So, the act of creating a line of sight didn't harm non-

flight targets.

Inala removed all the Biome Bombs except for the innermost and outermost ones. He then made the innermost Biome Bomb assume flight, watching the Hidden Eye appear next to it.

'It spawns there similar to the Iron Empyrean Tentacle.' Inala thought upon seeing the outermost Biome Bomb remain unharmed. Since there was enough space within it, the Hidden Eye appeared there immediately.

And once its purpose had been achieved, it vanished.

He then repeated the experiment with the two Biome Bombs situated thirty kilometres apart and made them assume flight. But immediately after that, they stopped flight.

And after erasing its first target, it didn't detect anyone else in flight. All it did was stare at the second Biome Bomb in silence for a second before vanishing.

Inala repeated that experiment ten times, observing that the Hidden Eye focused on repeated offenders with priority. The second time he repeated the experiment, the second Biome Bomb was erased, as this was its second time assuming flight.

"Onto the next one." After making a note of his observations, Inala watched a puppet grab a rock and throw it into the air, targeting the Biome Bomb that had assumed flight. An instant before the two collided, the Biome Bomb assumed flight.

Right as the Hidden Eye appeared, the rock slammed into the Hidden Eye. An instant later, the puppet that had thrown the rock had been erased too, even though it hadn't assumed flight even once.

'So, it has some self-preservation tendencies. When it is damaged, it goes beyond its rules and erases the target.' Inala then repeated the experiment. But this time, the one throwing the rock was a mechanical catapult.

Once tightened, it would stay still. Above the trigger was a seesaw, carrying containers of equal amounts of water on both ends. Water leaked out of one container, drop by drop, resulting in an imbalance after a few minutes. The seesaw toppled and pressed the trigger, following which the rock was launched.

Right as the rock was about to collide into the Biome Bomb, the latter assumed flight. But unlike before, the Hidden Eye appeared on another side of the Biome Bomb, causing the rock to miss it.

Inala then created an encirclement of catapults, repeating the experiment. The rock from one of them successfully landed on the Hidden Eye, causing the respective catapult to be erased. All the other catapults were safe though.

After rocks, Inala made the catapults launch Biome Bombs next, observing no difference from the rock experiment. 'Both matter and energy substances can interact with it and the result is the same in both cases.'

Next, Inala headed into the depths of the ocean, creating a Biome Bomb within another Biome Bomb. But this time, the space within the two wasn't large enough to accommodate the Hidden Eye.

As the outer Biome Bomb hovered on the ocean bed, the inner Biome Bomb assumed flight. At that time, Inala observed a hair-thin line appearing in the ocean. The Hidden Eye had erased that part to create a line of sight.

However, the depths of the ocean were dark. And hence, it couldn't see despite creating a line of sight. Moreover, the Hidden Eye didn't enter the water.

'Its condition for erasing flight is to prevent anyone from flying out of Sumatra. Even if there is a large enough air pocket within the water, flight there cannot result in the existence flying out of Sumatra, since they're within the water.' Inala thought, 'However, as it's an eye, it relies on sight to function. And since it cannot see at the depths, it cannot target the Biome Bomb even when it's flying.'

"I have enough information now." Inala grinned, "Time to begin preparations."

He knew the Hidden Eye was glitching now, unable to perform its functions as intended by the rules forming its existence. "A bit more and I'll be ready. First,"

He stared in the direction of the surface, "I need to exhaust its power."



Chapter 690 Scheming Against Hidden Eye

Influenced Region—Hidden Eye!

The power of an Influenced Region was directly related to the influence generated by its Major Treasure. The Major Treasure of Attribute gave the characteristics of a Nature to the owner's Prana.

As the Brimgan Founder became the Major Treasure in a node of water, the Attributed Region was created as a condensed mass of water. The case was the same for the Influenced Regions of Weapon, Pet, and Seat of Transcendence.

With that thought process, one could infer some details about the Major Treasure that created the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye.

Hidden Eye was shaped as an eyeball, could fly, and erased every single cause behind flight. Moreover, it existed in a form similar to a living being in that it bled blood when injured.

The properties of this blood didn't differ from a living being's. However, it was produced by an Influenced Region, an inanimate existence. With that, Inala inferred that the Major Treasure that created it had properties somewhere mixed between Pet and Deity.

The Major Treasure of Deity was creating the Influenced Region of Golden Deity at the Brimgan Empire, a humanoid existence. Similarly, the Major Treasure of Pet was almost done creating the Sanctuary, a place that could sustain life, similar to an Empyrean Tusk.

'It can appear instantly at any location on Sumatra, has an absolute power that can alter cause and effect to erase its target, and its primary purpose for existence is to prevent living beings on Sumatra from leaving the Continent and bringing in corruption they absorb through the influence of Transcendents and Cosmic Beings.' Inala smirked once he arrived at this line of thought, 'It's as if Hidden Eye had been purposefully created for Sumatra's protection.'

"Only one existence can appear anywhere on Sumatra, mould its power into any shape as it sees fit, and alter the terrain to its liking." He chuckled, "So, the culprit is a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle."

Orakha currently possessed the power of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle. So, it was already an established fact that a Human Avatar could possess the power of Sumatra's Blessed Race. Similarly, there exists Empyrean Boars, the race that gains the Nature of any creature it consumes.

Based on Hidden Eye's power, it could have been created by a Major Treasure produced by a Gold Grade cultivator. Therefore, the Major Treasure being a resultant of the Mystic Tentacle was ruled out.

Considering how insanely low the chances of it happening were, the Seat of Transcendence was the only Major Treasure resulting from a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Therefore, the only other possibility was through a Free Human.

There were countless geniuses throughout history. And in the earlier times, when Sumatra was dangerous, filled with Pranic Beast races popping up left and right that could fly, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle of that era must have made plans.

It arranged for the power of the Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles to be gained by a Free Human, with his Primary Nature originating from the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, hence making him a Gold Grade cultivator.

It was unknown how many times the process was repeated and how many lives were lost until a Free Human not only reached the 10-Life Stage, but wasn't destroyed by the Bolts of Transcendence and instead turned into a Major Treasure.

And then for hundreds of thousands of years, the Major Treasure built the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye. Eventually, upon completion, Hidden Eye began to do its job and got to erase all causes of flight, reverting many bird-type Pranic Beasts into wingless counterparts.

Gradually, thanks to the efforts of Hidden Eye, Sumatra Continent grew safer for its natives and entered a path of progression.

'However, Sumatra follows the law of survival of fittest and not strongest. Minor and Major Treasures are said to exceed the laws of the power system.' Inala analysed, 'But, that was during their creation. Sumatra's power system continues to evolve and eventually, the rules followed by these old Major and Minor Treasures fall within the functions of the power system.'

The Attributed Region was the easiest example. Both an Empyrean Tusk and Empyrean Snapper could absolutely slip through, evade, and even gain control of the rules forming the place.

Inala was similarly taking advantage of Comb to amass a wealth of Nectar. The Royal Zinger's powers were even more advanced than Empyrean Tusks and Snappers. His current powers exceeded the rules of a majority of existing Minor Treasures.

Virala's Mystic Ewworm could condense a tool from any material it consumes, which was pretty much the function of the Major Treasure of Weapon.

Even in Sumatra Chronicles, the rules of the Major Treasures were absolute. However, things were different in this timeline. For the past three decades, the Mystic Seven had generated enough waves and resulted in the rampant advancement of Sumatra's power system.

This speed of advancement brought new rules within the power system, causing it to tread into the rules that Minor and Major Treasures exclusively possessed until now.

The Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis was the best example. Once a peerless Minor Treasure that was extremely economical to the extent the Cooter Clan only gave it to their most valued Empyrean Snapper.

But now, every Zinger Aristocrat had it. Moreover, Zinger Aristocrat could condense two strings of Prana, which was twice the Minor Treasure's capability.

The existence of Zinger Aristocrats neutered the value of the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis. And by the Fourth Major Disaster, even more rules will be added to the power system of Sumatra.

The Influenced Region of Hidden Eye was extremely powerful. But that was it. A good portion of the rules forming it were outdated, allowing Inala's current skillset to take full advantage of it.

The power of an Influenced Region was the quantity of Major Tressure influence it had accumulated. This was an exhaustible resource.

Brangara's rampage and summoning of the Bolts of Transcendence during the Second Major Disaster destroyed most of the Attributed Region, expending all the influence it had gathered over the years.

However, a portion of it still remained, filled with influence. This influence will affect the water being absorbed by the Attributed Region, over time causing the newly absorbed water to also possess the same influence.

This was similar to the principle of magnetic induction in that using a magnet, one could turn a piece of iron into a magnet. Given enough time with the induction process, the piece of iron could permanently retain magnetic properties.

It was the same for the Attributed Region. Over time, it would build itself up. However, the time it needs to rebuild to its complete state would be longer than before. After all, it was no longer getting a steady supply of influence from a Major Treasure.

This was the reason the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye hadn't recovered from the blow Mahira Tusk dealt it to save Resha even after many years had passed. And the wounds generated by the Bolts of Transcendence Brangara summoned into it were even more serious.

Inala was able to clearly spot the wounds that Hidden Eye had haphazardly covered up. This gave him plenty of confidence to enact his plan. With that, he began preparations, ordering the Mystic Humans through Zhya to bring in a large batch of Shifting Ants from the Guna Caves.

Following that, he began to construct a loop, similar to a cyclotron. The inner radius of the ring was twenty kilometres while the outer radius was 360 metres longer. This was completely made by Gold Biome Bombs that he had attached together and opened a hole on the sides touching each other.

This way, the inside of the ring-shaped structure was a complete hollow. Following that, he used his Prana to condense earth along the inner surface, making it resemble the terrain of the Guna Caves.

The construction alone took a year, following which he released the Shifting Ants within, watching them do their thing and add the power of Drifting Tunnel within. Through Perfect Biome Domination, he constantly modified the terrain to ensure that was just a single tunnel inside, one that looped perfectly.

Every Biome Bomb required 1000 units of Gold Grade Prana. So, the production costs alone were astronomical. If not for the help of the Mystic Humans, things would have been harder for Inala.

He supplied the Shifting Ants with Parute Fruits produced by the Mystic Humans, allowing them to work on the creation of the tunnel. This took another four months.

During this time, Virala expressed his intention to meet Inala multiple times, but Inala didn't bother, allowing Zhya to deal with the situation, confident in her strength and capabilities. Since she had the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch, she could hold her own against multiple enemies.

And a fistfight was something the Zinger Representative welcomed, since it played to her advantage. Though Zhya was still growing, the body of Virala in the region was a newly created one too.

So, they were equally matched on all fronts. Thankfully, things were peaceful between the Mystic Humans and Quip Clansmen, allowing Inala to do his thing without worries.

Time passed in such a manner!

Twelve years since the Second Major Disaster ended, Inala had completed his preparations, staring at the constructed loop before him. He had a personal stockpile of thirty orbs—

possessing a Bolt of Transcendence each.

He felt it was more than enough for his task. It was impossible to amass any more for the time being, unless he wished to bankrupt the Quip Clan. Thankfully, all his calculations showed that his preparations were already excessive enough as is, prepared for all contingencies.

Staring at the ring that floated on the water, Inala inhaled a deep breath and elevated himself to the Mystic Grade. With that, he began his plan.

A Silver Biome Bomb arrived within the tunnel and condensed two strings of Prana. Shaping them into a propeller, it spun them using psychokinesis, generating a thrust. Immediately in response, the Hidden Eye appeared, beginning to erase it.

However, right as it was about to finish, a second Silver Biome Bomb appeared in the tunnel, taking flight.

The Hidden Eye typically vanished after erasing its target, taking a second to complete the process. With enough experimentation, Inala had the timing for everything. How long it took it to erase a Silver Biome Bomb, its speed of flight, the intervals between which it could unleash the erasing ability, how long it took to vanish after erasing a target, etc.

With that, he was ready. Once the Hidden Eye appeared, a series of Silver Biome Bombs appeared within the tunnel, falling due to the effects of gravity. One after another, they unleashed the effect of flight, ensuring the Hidden Eye was constantly engaged in erasing them, one per second.

This way, it didn't vanish. And as every successive target was within its proximity that it could fly towards in the fraction of a second before it charged up its erasing ability, it didn't use teleportation.

Tens of thousands of Silver Biome Bombs fell through the tunnel, equidistant from each other. From an external perspective, they were looping through the cyclotron. The Hidden Eye was constantly on the tails of the Silver Biome Bombs that had assumed flight.

Even their falling speed matched its flight speed, slow enough for the Hidden Eye to catch up to its next target before it could fire another round of its erasing ability. As a result, it was caught up within the cyclotron, not vanishing from it, flying constantly.

Upon seeing its success, Inala smiled. And with that, he began to pull the entire apparatus deeper into the ocean, gradually causing its insides to darken.



