Chapter 771: Now or Never

﻿

[Father!]

Yamahara shrilled in a fluster as he activated his mother's power to instantly absorb all the abilities being unleashed upon his father, including Spirit Container Seal.

But right as Yarsha Zahara's power enveloped Brangara, he was instantly bombarded by hundreds of Biome Bombs. The Biome Bombs were captured by Yarsha Zahara's power for an instant before they broke free, stunning Yamahara.

"The Royal Zinger has absolute authority on its powers." Inala's comment resounded in the Biome Bomb as suddenly, a Bolt of Transcendence slammed into Brangara's legs and severed a portion. A gust of air sent it flying towards the walls of the Biome Bomb, from where it was launched into another Biome Bomb.

The severed piece of leg was where Yamahara existed. Originally, Brangara had concentrated Yamahara there so that when he gets the chance, he could launch the latter into the Sandy- Grey Void. However, the sudden attack by everyone overwhelmed him messing up his plan.

"Father!" Yamahara emerged out of the severed piece of leg and shouted, banging against the walls of the Biome Bomb in futility. The walls were made using the Attribute Region's water, so to destroy it, he would have to unleash power on the level of the Empyrean Boar King during the Second Major Disaster.

"Argh!" Yamahara activated Subtle Terrain Domination, the power present in the blood of his father's main body and targeted the walls. However, the winds he generated in order to shred through the walls died down.

Veins popped on his forehead as he stared at the figure of the Royal Zinger hovering outside, using Perfect Biome Domination to counter him. A second later, Inala's voice resounded, "The Celestial Boar has been captured."

"Never in my life would I have ever expected to see him in such a compromising situation." Boul Brimgan uttered, having used Spirit Container Seal a second time.

Brangara's expression turned dark as he observed hundreds of strings of Prana had pierced his body, constricting him completely. His body grew weak as he not was losing Prana and Lifespan, but his strength was also getting sealed.

Worst of all, when he tried to blow himself up, a stream of blood pierced his insides and severed all the blood vessels, cutting off contact with the Spirit Container in his heart.

"Can't have you struggling now, can we?" Virala commented casually, holding a crimson gun in his hand. It was made using Tratham, stacking all the force it could generate on the cartridge where his blood was stored.

When the trigger was pressed, pellets of blood would be launched as bullets, which will pierce the enemies and target their bodies from the inside. A Mystic Human's body was their Spirit Weapon, which meant every body part could act as one.

With Kvirala's experience, Virala was able to tremendously improve upon this aspect to create a fighting style based around it. He pointed it at Yamahara and unleashed a volley. As the pellets approached the Biome Bomb holding Yamahara, faint, perfectly outlined holes appeared on the surface, allowing the blood to pass through and slam into Yamahara.

They drilled into him and settled in his reservoir. It was done as a stopgap measure as none of them could predict what Yamahara could do. And hence, with Inala's Biome Bomb made using Attributed Region Water, Perfect Biome Domination, and Virala's Spirit Weapon blood, they could neutralise anything that Yamahara comes up with.

The blood pellets also penetrated Brangara's body, settling inside with the previous stream that had severed his blood vessels. That too had been launched by Virala. They outlined his blood vessels, ready to destroy him from within when necessary.

"You'll...regret this!" Brangara spat out upon seeing Inala land before him.

"You could do better to threaten me." Inala said and activated his Stage 1 Transformation of Jaw and grabbed Brangara's head, turning it around forcefully to point him in the direction of Yamahara, "Oh my, isn't that your precious son?"

Seeing Brangara's face collapse in response, Inala leaned in on Brangara's ear and whispered softly, "Now, that's how you threaten someone."

"Dare harm my son and I'll destroy everything you hold dear!" Brangara spat at Inala, only to see his spit stop flying midway and condense into a droplet.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

Inala controlled the droplet of spit and sent it reeling into Brangara's nose, "You can smell your crap yourself."

"Bastard, damn you!" Brangara could do nothing but curse as his entire body was constricted. He could commit suicide as a last resort, just to protect his secrets. However, even if he could bite his tongue, there was a large mass of Lifespan in Inala's possession that he could simply pour into him to heal him back to full health.

This was the Celestial Boar's Lifespan, so its healing properties were instantaneous. Moreover, even if Brangara intended to commit suicide, he didn't have the option anymore, as Virala's blood was already protecting all his vital organs.

He was reduced to nothing, only able to hurl vocal threats as he had ben suppressed into a mortal.

"How long do you need?" Virala asked Inala as he brought out his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp, "I'll render him useless after that."

"A few days at most." Inala said as he shrunk the two Biome Bombs carrying Brangara and Yamahara respectively. "I'll be able to extract all his data by then. You can then cripple him."

"How's the situation out there? Are we safe?" Inala stared at the figure of Blola who hadn't participated in the fight at all.

"Sumatra's Transcendent doesn't know the specifics of our fight, but it does know that we're targeting these two." Blola slumped on the sand and wiped his sweat, "There's a possibility that it could learn of the details from me when it defeats me in our mental fight."

"That's alright," Inala chuckled, "Just buy enough time until the Third Major Disaster starts. It doesn't matter if Sumatra's Transcendent Eater learns about our actions past that."

His tone turned cold, "Since Brangara will be dead by then."

"Then, let's leave." The various bodies of Blola sprouted next to one body of his as Parute Trees and sprouted his humanoid form. The five bodies then combined as the 5-Life Stage Blola stared at Resha, "Do you want my assistance?"

He pointed at Virala, "This guy consumed me and matured his body faster."n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"And I'm sure you have the Empyrean Boar King's strongest characteristic of attaining maturity faster by consuming Gold Grade Pranic Beasts."

"That's alright," Resha let out a wry smile and shook his head, "I've already consumed one body of yours. That's more than enough."

"My priority is to fully become a Supreme Tusk before the Third Major Disaster." He then stared at Virala, hesitating for a moment before asking, "Tell me the moment you enter the

3-Life Stage."

"You want to put my forms in your Empyrean 100 too?" Virala asked, shrugging immediately after, "That's alright with me."

"All of us need to be at our best to kill that bastard," He said and glared at the Biome Bomb holding Brangara captive, "I'm afraid his real body might have progressed past the 5-Life Stage by then."

"I know," Resha nodded, "Isn't that why we've set aside our differences to collaborate as a

single unit?"

"Then, we'll take our leave." Inala said and placed Virala, Boul Brimgan, and the 4-Life Stage Blola in his Biome Bomb. He stared at Resha and nodded, "I'll return two days later with the

data."

"Have a safe trip," Resha waved his hand and watched Inala disappear, 'The power of the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye has fallen under his control. I could've never imagined in my wildest dreams that something like this possible.'

'As I expected, some things can never be conceived even if I have the same level of knowledge

as Inala. Our thought process are too different.' He let out a sigh and stared at the lone body of Blola standing nearby, "Let's resume training."

"How was it?" He watched Wally exit a far away sand dune and chuckled upon seeing the latter's expression of shock, "Was it interesting?"

"I've never seen so many powerful existences fighting at the same time!" Wally muttered as

his footsteps faintly caused the sand to turn a shade of grey for an instant before reverting to

normal.

His eyes were determined as he stared at Resha, thumping his chest, "I'll work hard and enter

the Mystic Grade!"

"Yes," Resha nodded, 'Third Major Disaster...time's running short.'

'There's a time discrepancy between what is stated in Sumatra Chronicles and my age when I

experienced the respective Major Disaster.' Resha thought slowly, 'Since the other six have been edited out from Sumatra Chronicles, this discrepancy occurred.'

As the power of the Major Treasure of Cure enveloped him, Resha steadily filtered through the chaotic patchwork of information in Sumatra Chronicles and his previous life to arrive at a

conclusion, "Two years."

"What?" Blola gasped in shock, "Are you serious?"

"Yes," Resha nodded with a solemn expression.

"Two years..." Blola muttered with a disgruntled expression, "Can we make it on time?"

"What if..." He hesitated before asking, "What if we avoid the Third Major Disaster and make

plans for the Fourth Major Disaster? With a greater preparation time, won't we have a higher chance of success?"

"Nope," Resha chuckled wryly, "It seems you haven't been paying attention, Blola."

"This experimental fight wasn't to check if our endgame builds are effective on Brangara.

That was just a coverup." His expression morphed into a state of helplessness, "But it was to measure Brangara's potential."

"Measure his potential?" Blola asked in confusion, "What does that have to do with us? We

are already aware of his potential, right?"

"Yes, it's basically infinite. But..." Resha sighed, "At what level should Brangara reach before

the Mystic Seven are no longer able to handle him."

"That was what we were measuring."

"So..." Blola thought for a moment before asking, "What's the verdict?"

"It's either now, or never." Resha expressed momentary despair, "We won't last if we are to

wait for the Fourth Major Disaster."



Chapter 772  Now You See?

"We won't last until we wait for the Fourth Major Disaster?" Blola blurted out in shock, "How is that possible? None of us have reached our peak!"

"We're only going to become stronger over time!"

"That's true, but things are different now that we have captured Brangara." Resha nodded, "With that, all of us will be at our peak by the Third Major Disaster. Hopefully, we can reach that point, even if barely."

"Then what's the issue?" Blola argued, "Even without Orakha, if the six of us combine, we're really strong, you know? And there's also Boul Brimgan to assist us."

He patted his chest, "I can simply take root at a spot and constantly generate Prana. Inala could absorb it from me and funnel it into you and Virala who can fight Brangara head-on."

"With our endless supply, we can win against him!"

"There are two things you don't understand." Resha shook his head, "From the very beginning, it wasn't a question of us being able to overpower Brangara. That option never existed even when he was the Empyrean Boar King, not to mention after he became the Celestial Boar."

"It has always been about how much we can limit his growth and catch up to him." He made eye contact with Blola, "We only have a chance of success if we succeed in limiting his strength to a conservative extent."

"And secondly," Resha pointed at Blola's chest, "The Transcendent Eater's Primary Nature is to revive anyone it has consumed. But what about your characteristics of being able to gather nutrients like a plant and generate Parute Fruits?"

"It's just what the Transcendent Eater's body is capable of." Blola nodded.

"Exactly!" Resha shouted, generating a shockwave in response as Blola and Wally clutched their ears in response, "Every race has a physical characteristic. And do you know what the Celestial Boar's is?"

"It can…eat a lot, right?" Blola muttered.

"Yes," Resha nodded, "It's a fucking pig! So, eating like a pig is what that pig specialises in, whether as the Empyrean Boar King or the Celestial Boar."

"In a desperate situation, Brangara will resort to consuming us." Resha said, "You might not have realised, but the majority of Brangara's evolution has been brought about by his consumption of the Mammoth Clan, especially the Empyrean Tusks."

Astral Chart could store 100 Natures, which fell under the same field as Empyrean 100 and Weaponisation. Resha was the one who created Empyrean 100, but the possibility of this Nature already existed in their genetics. It just hadn't been realised by anyone before him.

When Brangara gained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, it was through a strict diet of consuming only Mammoth Clansmen at the Spirit Stage. That allowed him to absorb their characteristics which eventually resulted in the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, which was the same as a Mammoth Clansman assuming a Pranic Beast form at the Body Stage, but exhibited in reverse.

The Mammoth Clan's cultivation technique, Mystic Bone Art was a digestion-based technique in the first place. It allowed them rapid digestion, the products of which accumulated strength in them.

"It's not like we just casually stumbled upon the Empyrean Boar Race and decided to use them for our purpose." Resha shook his head, "No, it was a calculated approach."

"Two thousand years ago, the Mammoth Clan didn't enter the Varahan Enclave just to feast upon an easy prey. With the size we had, plus the powerful masters at our disposal, even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were mere prey." Resha explained as he stared at Blola, "It was the Mammoth Ancestor."

"I think she had used her prowess as the Transcendent to scout across the races of Sumatra until she found one with characteristics similar to Mystic Bone Art." His eyes turned cold as he muttered, "And that was the Empyrean Boar Race."

"You mean…?" Blola's body trembled as he slumped on a nearby dune, taking a few seconds to calm down, asking after a slow inhale, "The Mammoth Ancestor purposefully made us target the Empyrean Boars, even while aware that at the slightest mishap, something like the Empyrean Boar King might be birthed?"

"I'm afraid they were banking upon the possibility." Resha shook his head, "I have been thinking all along, as to why our Ancestors behaved as they did back then, and as to why the Mystic Paths have been created."

"I might not be able to hypothesise everything, but I think I've scratched the surface at least." Resha slowly stared at the sky and glared in the direction of the Transcendent Worlds, "What do you think it means to become a Transcendent?"

"It's to become a singular entity, right?" Blola thought for a couple of minutes, remembering his mental fights to say, "But I'm still not entirely sure as to what it means."

"The energies of Body, Mind, and Soul combine to form Prana." Resha said, "If you remember Inala's incident from when he became the Royal Zinger, the Bolts of Transcendence tried to fuse him into a singular entity." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"This is what I think about the Transcendence Stage," Resha lifted a finger and stated, "Your body, your mind, and your soul fuse intos a singular existence. Basically, you become a being of Prana."

"For us, it also includes our Natures, Skills, knowledge, and cultivation technique." Resha sighed, "The result is something like an authority that's exclusive to us alone. In that vein of thought,"

He pointed at the Transcendent World which had large blocks of ivory trailing across it, "Mystic Bone Art itself is the Mammoth Ancestor's authority. It's why the Mammoth Clan Chief is able to converse with her."

He then pointed at himself, "When I unlocked the fourth phase of Mystic Bone Art, I too gained the capability to speak to her. This is also why a Free Human at the 10-Life Stage is able to converse with a Transcendent who had entered the Transcendence Stage with the same cultivation technique."

"But that's it," He nodded, "Based on what Renduldu said to the Supreme Tusk when he entered Sumatra Continent when we were newborns, Transcendents cannot grow. Reaching the Transcendence Stage means the end of your growth."

"Maybe the Mammoth Ancestor was disgruntled by it," Resha stared at Blola, "Only after becoming a Transcendent did she realise the sheer untapped potential of the Mammoth Clan. If she had explored more of it when she was here, she would have become tens of times stronger than her current Transcendent self."

"So, she was looking for some kind of possibility, which is when she discovered the Empyrean Boar Race."

"But what does that have to do with our current situation?" Blola retorted after being silent for a while, "Even if it's the Mammoth Ancestor's plan, and Renduldu created the Mystic Paths just to keep growing as a Transcendent, that doesn't change our situation, right?"

'You managed to grasp that, huh?' Resha's eyes widened in surprise at Blola figuring out the crux of the situation with the Mystic Seven and why Renduldu created Sumatra Chronicles, 'So, it's not that this guy is dumb. He's just smart in selective fields. And he has never explored them to figure out his strengths.'

"It does," Resha nodded, "In every Major Disaster, we'll face Brangara, and our experience will funnel into our daughters. And at the Fourth Major Disaster, they'll evolve to enter the Mystic Grade. But, this is only possible if our opponent is strong enough."

"What if we eclipsed his strength before the Mystic Paths in our daughters are filled?" Resha smiled wryly, "If we manage to kill him prematurely, then the entire plan conceptualised by Mahira Tusk and Renduldu collapses. So, they wanted to find someone who can keep up with our growth and possesses similar characteristics as us."

"And that's Brangara," Blola thought for a while before nodding in realisation, "Yes, he can endlessly grow strong. As he has evolved by consuming the Mammoth Clan, he can always consume us to get a spurt in strength when push comes to shove."

"Brangara evolved by consuming Mammoth Clansmen, and the Supreme Tusk was birthed using his gains as fuel. Eventually, the Supreme Tusk split her potential to result in the Mystic Paths." Resha nodded, "So, the seven of us are intrinsically connected to each other. When I talked to Inala, he told me that the prime component that resulted in him becoming the Royal Zinger was the Empyrean Boar King's Prana."

"It's the same for the Celestial Boar." Resha said in disgruntlement, "Every time he hunted and devoured an Empyrean Tusk, he was steadily absorbing their characteristics, as that was Voracious Nature's characteristic. His Tertiary Nature of Cultivator only made him more attuned to consuming Mammoth Clansmen, especially Empyrean Tusks."

"And that resulted in the creation of Astral World once he became the Celestial Boar." Resha explained solemnly, "In essence, it's an Empyrean Tusk's biome that has taken on the characteristics of Astral Chart."

"Do you understand now?" Resha smiled wryly, "The Mammoth Ancestor's pursuit of power made her create a powerful enemy for us. But her greed resulted in the Celestial Boar, an opponent we can never eclipse."

"Does she benefit from the four Major Disasters that much?" Blola asked, his expression one of anger.

"I'm not sure, it's just my conjecture. Otherwise, this entire scenario makes no sense." Resha analysed, "Grehha had no reason to participate in the Second Major Disaster. What his build sought was either the Major Treasure of Weapon or Pet. Getting Attribute didn't really elevate his strength. So, he had zero incentive to participate in that fight."

"But he did," Blola nodded, "You think there's a reason for it?"

"Yes, Inala was the one who figured this out." Resha sighed, "Whether we like it or not, we'll subconsciously find ourselves heading to the centre of the Four Major Disasters. Even if we had other plans, we would still head there accordingly and end up confronting Brangara."

"What do you think?" Resha stared at Blola, smiling wryly upon seeing the latter's face turn pale in response, "Does that ring a bell?"

"Back at the Ennoudu Plains, when you fled the Mammoth Clan, you had no intentions to return early, right?"

"…Yes," Blola's face grew pale with fright as cold sweat dribbled down like a waterfall, "I…wanted to head to an Empire and establish myself as an Emperor. My goal was to use my position to trade for tusk bone powder from the Mammoth Clan when it visits to trade with the Empire."

"Because I had attained the same four partial transformations you possessed in Sumatra Chronicles," Blola stared at Resha to say, "That allowed me to act like a Free Human and showcase the partial transformations as part of my Human Avatar."

"And with my Primary Nature being Internal Inertial Gravity, no one could hold a candle to me…"

"But for some reason, you found yourself returning to the Mammoth Clan." Resha uttered, "Now you see?"



Chapter 773  Overbearing Armoury

773  Overbearing Armoury

"Correct me if I'm wrong, brother Resha." Having been listening in silence all along, Wally expressed his confusion, "Shouldn't it be a wiser decision to wait until the Fourth Major Disaster?"

"I mean, considering your hypothesis, and the plans made by the Mammoth Ancestor and Renduldu, it feels like an impossible situation. But can't we take complete advantage of it?" He scratched his head, "The Seven Mystic Paths will unleash their effects on your daughters and turn them into Mystic Grade existences."

The sand nearby curled to form seven sticks, "That means the addition of seven Mystic Grade existences on your side, against Brangara. Wouldn't it instantly increase your odds of victory?"

"On paper, yes." Resha smiled wryly, "But they'll all have to attack from afar. If they get close and Brangara manages to devour even one body of theirs, he can use it to build another body."

"He'll endlessly keep spamming new bodies and by the time we kill one body of his, he'll pop out a new one." Resha chuckled despairingly, "The most dangerous ability of Brangara is him being able to eat anything in his sight and use it as fuel to mature his newly condensed body. I'm afraid he's already realised this during the Second Major Disaster."

"So, he'll be spamming this tactic. Moreover," He sighed and stared at Blola, "At some level in the Life Stage, he becomes capable of devouring you and controlling your Primary Nature without issues."

"What?" Blola shouted in shock, "That's impossible! The Transcendent Eater's power will consume him from the inside until only it remains. That's what it had done to my Empyrean Tusk form. And no matter how much I try, the moment I gain a Secondary Nature, it consumes that too."

"The Celestial Boar can pour its influence into the Tangible Natures it creates in the Astral World." Resha shook his head, "At a certain point, maybe at the 7-Life Stage or above, the stacking will strengthen Brangara's influence to the extent it can overpower your Transcendent Eater's power. And that's it."

"Once he has even your power, he'll become unstoppable." Resha sighed, "So, we need to stop him before he unlocks that possibility."

"Just remember this, Blola." Resha uttered coldly, "None of us are confident in facing a full-powered Brangara. So, we need to keep hitting him constantly until he cannot grow too strong."

"I understand," Blola sighed, his shoulders slumped in disappointment, "I was maybe…a bit too hopeful."

"That's why," Resha patted Blola on the shoulder, "We need to hit him where it truly hurts."

"The fuck are you getting at…?" Blola's eyes widened as he stared at Resha's eyes, feeling the familiarity of the gaze, 'That's exactly how his eyes looked before he killed two of Brangara's daughters.'

"It's not my plan." Resha smiled wryly, "Inala is the one who conceptualised it and Virala is the one who added in…details."

He then stared at Wally, "I advise you against hearing it. This plan...may not be something you can stomach."

"Then…" Wally expressed his shock, pointing at Resha's face, "Why are you…excited?"

"I'm sorry, but I can't risk leaking it." Resha stood up slowly and grabbed Blola, "If you manage to enter the Mystic Grade before we begin our plan, I'll let you in on it. But until then, focus on yourself."

Empyrean 100—Transcendent Eater!

Resha transformed into a bony Transcendent Eater and perched its roots deep into the sand, beginning to siphon nutrients accordingly to gradually sprout Parute Fruits. The time taken to sprout the Parute Fruits was slightly longer than Blola, but it was still an impressive speed.\

With it, Resha could gather nutrients to fill up his biomes faster, cherry-picking the minerals through the Transcendent Eater's root system, thereby reducing the necessity of digestion in his stomach biome to protect the resources and transfer them into other biomes.

Basically, it hastened the speed at which he could build bodies naturally, without any maturity acceleration brought about by consuming the Celestial Boar's body.

"Okay…" Wally stated with a sullen tone, biting his lips in anger as he realised he couldn't take revenge on Brangara until he was strong enough. The current him would only end up fuelling Brangara's growth.

'I should hurry!' Thinking as such, he rushed towards the Sandy-Grey Void as a suffocating power enveloped him, one that was already on par with the 1st Empyrean Snapper—who was killed by Brangara.

"Argh!" He leapt into the Sandy-Grey Void as immediately in response, bloodcurdling screams resounded for an instant, immediately drowned out by the silencing characteristics of the Sandy-Grey Void.

"Alright," Resha maintained a Gravity Funnel between him and Wally, ready to pull the latter back into Sumatra Continent the moment Wally gave the signal. They had already done this many times and perfected the cooperation.

Upon judging the Gravity Funnel to be working properly, Resha stared at Blola, "Now, you'll be the key to the upcoming fight, Blola."

"I'll assist you in reaching the 9-Life Stage before the Third Major Disaster begins." He proclaimed, his gaze focused. "We have been competing and growing individually."

"But now, it's time to pool together and consolidate our gains to result in exponential growth."

…

Kalahatra Desert!

The temperature here was extreme, reaching a whopping hundred degrees Celsius even at nighttime. During the daytime, it became hot enough to set anything aflame. The region was an endless desert, with zero moisture or vegetation.

Kalahatra Desert was devoid of life, not because no Pranic Beasts could adapt to its temperature, but because of the existence of a single predator.

"Do you see it?" A 6-Life Stage Zinger Aristocrat used Prana Stitch to extend a string of Prana to reach an altitude of 2160 metres. Each of her strings of Prana could reach a length of 1080 metres currently, thanks to the stacking boost provided by her 6-Life Stage cultivation.

In human form, she could only use one string of Prana as a Spirit Weapon. However, in her Pranic Beast form, she could one simultaneously from each of her two tails. This allowed her to use Prana Stitch and combine the two strings of Prana into a longer one, gaining double the distance.

Attached at the end of the strung of Prana was a Biome Bome given by Inala. Seated within it was a Quip Zinger, staring far into the Kalahatra Desert. When the Quip Zinger spoke, his words reverberated through the Biome Bomb and travelled through the string of Prana as soundwaves.

The Zinger Aristocrat then captured the soundwaves, understanding the message in the same fashion as how string telephones worked.

"Yes," The Quip Zinger's message resounded as it observed the desert.

The Quip Clan's expedition team to the Kalahatra Desert consisted of 2000 Quip Zingers, 80 Zinger Aristocrats, and finally, the expedition leader, the Zinger Princess—Zaihaya.

The group was travelling on a Cloud Ship, which was a series of Biome Bombs in the shape of Lego blocks that were attached to form a large, ship-shaped structure. These Biome Bombs were a series of Influenced Regions of Floating Biome that had been tied to each other.

They formed the base structure, having a certain lift capacity. And accordingly, normal Biome Bombs had been placed within the ship's interior where the Quip Clansmen lived and did their work. Finally, forming the hull of the ship was another layer of Biome Bombs, transparent in nature, and with their landscape filled with clouds only.

Through Perfect Biome Domination, the Biome Bombs forming the hull were shaped so that the resulting ship resembled a natural cloud, giving it the monicker Cloud Ship. Anyone staring at the Cloud Ship will just see it as another naturally occurring cloud in the sky, unaware of its true identity.

Similar to the Quip Clan's Settlement at the Ravaged Federation, the habitable Biome Bombs within the Cloud Ship had interconnecting tunnels, allowing travel between them all. Currently, seated within the Biome Bomb placed at the highest elevation on the Cloud Ship was Zaihaya, her expression composed.

Huddled before her were a group of Zinger Aristocrats in charge of manning the Cloud Ship and relaying orders to the 2000 Quip Zingers. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Through the string of Prana created by one of the Zinger Aristocrats, a Biome Bomb had been raised even higher, giving them a better view of the surroundings. After all, most of the Cloud Ship was layered by the hull, blocking their view.

For both outsiders and insiders, the hull appeared as a cloud. The Quip Clan didn't have any windows on the hull, unwilling to take any chances. There were many races similar to Zingers with keen eyesight.

Inala had stressed innumerous times that the secret of the Quip Clan should never be revealed, for their survival and prosperity depended on it. Even if all bases of the Quip Clan on the ground were to be annihilated, as long as the bases in the sky were safe, the Quip Clan's survival was assured.

They could then bide their time to make a reappearance.

The Biome Bomb lifted up could be moved around using the string of Prana, giving the Quip Zinger—stationed within—various viewing angles above, below, and across all sides of the Cloud Ship.

The Kalahatra Desert was littered with quicksand, making it significantly deadlier than it already was. Hence, travel through this region was impossible. If any creatures from the surrounding regions, while fleeing, by mistake are forced to tread the Kalahatra Desert, then only doom awaits them. And the culprit was the entity that had established itself as the region's ultimate predator.

"It's here!" The Quip Zinger shouted upon noticing a swirling mass of sand gradually come into view.

It reached a height of four kilometres, elliptical in appearance, with a swirling girth similar to a tornado. Like a sandstorm, it moved forth, covering an area of over ten thousand square kilometres.

The sandstorm produced a mildly grating and overly thunderous sound, terrifying any living being that dared roam anywhere close to its vicinity.

"It's approaching us!" The Quip Zinger hollered with a shiver, trembling upon seeing the sandstorm approach their location at a steady pace, one that was too fast for any Iron Grade existence to evade on foot.

Even among Silver Grade existences, only the agile ones could outpace the sandstorm. As a result, even though the Quip Zinger was high above in the air, he was gradually losing his composure.

"Let's confirm if it's the real deal or not." Zaihaya thought for a moment before waving her hand. In response, Zinger Shrieks reverberated across the skies.

Hovering far away was a tiny Cloud Ship, holding a single Biome Bomb within. Upon hearing the Zinger Shriek, the Zinger Aristocrat within created two strings of Prana, extended them outside the Biome Bomb and transformed them into a pair of rotors. They spun and generated a faint force, pushing the Cloud Ship towards the ground.

The Biome Bomb opened up and poured out all the Pranic Beasts stored within, their bodies paralysed using Prana Stitch. As their bodies fell on the ground, the strings of Prana incapacitating them vanished, allowing them to quickly regain their bearings.

They stared at the Cloud Ship that was fleeing away in anger and roared, one that became a whimper immediately upon hearing the sandstorm's approach.

The Pranic Beasts squealed in fright as they dispersed across the sand, shielding their burning skin with Prana as they scurried at their fastest, hoping to make it out of the Kalahatra Desert in one piece.

However, as if it had sensed them, the sandstorm turned in their direction and sped faster, spiking the fear in their hearts. And then, spewing out of the sandstorm in the hundreds, glinting dangerously was something the Pranic Beasts noticed with familiarity.

Spirit Weapons!

The Spirit Weapons blotted out the sky and rained down on them, each exhibiting a different Nature. And then, they struck everywhere, no different from a carpet bombing.

"Aiee!" A canine Pranic Beast shrieked as a Spirit Weapon severed its body in half and began to spread a rotting effect across its two halves. It hoped to survive but had zero confidence in doing so.

And as if to confirm its despair, a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a chain jutted out of the sandstorm and pierced its body, causing it to shriek as a certain mineral was violently extracted from its body.

The chain coiled around the mineral lump and retreated into the sandstorm, repeating the same across every target it had killed. The attacks targeted all the released Pranic Beasts and killed them in a matter of seconds.

"That's indeed the real deal." Zaihaya nodded, commanding the lone Cloud Ship to hurry towards their location, "It's the Influenced Region of Armoury…"

"Kyak!" There was a shrill scream from the Zinger Aristocrat as a golden flash penetrated her Cloud Ship and diced it into pieces, causing her to fall out, barely managing to avoid getting severed. But she had just assumed her Pranic Beast form, intending to glide farther away when the golden flash zig-zagged across her body, severing her into pieces.

"It's a Rutham Spirit Weapon!" Zaihaya's expression was solemn as she watched the Zinger Aristocrat lose her four lives in a matter of seconds, unable to resist in the slightest.

As if that wasn't enough, the sandstorm turned to face the large Cloud Ship where the Quip Clan's expedition army was situated, aiming for them.

As if that wasn't enough, the sandstorm turned to face the large Cloud Ship where the Quip Clan's expedition army was situated, aiming for them.



Chapter 774  If Only I Could…

774  If Only I Could…

The sandstorm approached them, steady in motion, like a predator guaranteed of its prey being unable to resist it. A chain coiled around the diced pieces of the Zinger Aristocrat and emanated a subtle fluctuation.

A second later, a mineral clump was extracted out of the diced pieces and retracted into the sandstorm.

Zaihaya observed the sandstorm's actions, keeping her cool during the death of one of her brethren. Seeing as how the mineral lump was gathered, she thought, 'The moment those chains touch any being, whether animate or inanimate, they're able to extract some sort of mineral. I think it's whatever mineral it can condense into a Spirit Weapon.'

Zaihaya had been informed about the Influenced Region of Armoury by Inala. However, that was information from Sumatra Chronicles. With the recent string of information that had surfaced, they realised that they couldn't blindly follow whatever was written in it.

And hence, they intended to verify the facts themselves, which was why the expedition team had been dispatched. Moreover, after the verification was concluded, they could summon the Royal Zinger to the scene.

It was impossible for Inala to scour throughout Sumatra Continent, especially considering his busy schedule. And hence, the Quip Clan took charge of that. Even the task of finding Resha had been given to them.

And as they expanded the Quip Clan's trade network, one of the scouts spotted Resha, which was how Inala was able to meet up with the latter and plan for the ambush upon Brangara.

As the sandstorm closed in enough, it shot forth hundreds of Spirit Weapons in various shapes and sizes, targeting the Cloud Ship.

'Its range is 18 kilometres.' Zaihaya calculated, sighing as she understood why, 'It seems it's able to harness the powers of every single Spirit Weapon it has created. And since it has a Rutham Spirit Weapon, it can exhibit the maximum possible range capable for a Brimgan Royal.'

"But, why is the effect displayed at the 10-Life Stage?" She frowned, unable to understand, "How is it achieving the Life Stage's stacking effect?"

A Brimgan Royal achieved an insane range of 18 kilometres only at the 10-Life Stage. At the peak of the Body Stage, their Spirit Weapon range was only 1.8 kilometres. Technically, this should have been the Influenced Region of Armoury's maximum range.

But strangely, it exhibited the effects of the 10-Life Stage. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

'It is as indicated, but what is the reason?' Sumatra Chronicles already stated this. After all, the Third Major Disaster was when the Mammoth Clan lost more than half its Empyrean Tusks. Moreover, the damage they sustained from this prevented them from recovering until the Fourth Major Disaster, where they had been annihilated.

The First Major Disaster had Zingers as the primary enemy of the Mammoth Clan. The Second Major Disaster had the Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire as the Mammoth Clan's primary enemy.

However, there was no external enemy during the Third Major Disaster. Rather, it was the Influenced Region of Armoury that hunted every single existence that stepped foot into the Kalahatra Desert.

When it targeted the Empyrean Tusks and succeeded, it gained millions of Spirit Weapons made using the tusks of Empyrean Tusks. These Spirit Weapons had the power of Internal Inertial Gravity in them, making them the heaviest hitters of all its Spirit Weapons.

Even though Resha managed to obtain the Major Treasure of Weapon, the Influenced Region of Armoury continued to exist and roam across the Kalahatra Desert. It had sustained some damage during the Third Major Disaster, but the extent of damage was something it could recover in a matter of decades.

'Every Major Treasure behaves differently.' Zaihaya thought as she recalled Inala's words regarding them. 'Cure hadn't built its Influenced Region, so there's nothing to say about it. Attribute wanted anyone who could reach it to fuse with it. That's why it displayed no restrictions in that manner and simply created a race. But Weapon is different.'

She thought, watching the Spirit Weapons fly towards the Cloud Ship, 'The pillar of light unleashed by the Weapon calls forth all the existences in the surrounding regions. However, it has no intention to be claimed by anyone.'

'Rather, it's just a trap.' Her expression morphed into worry as she stared at the sandstorm. 'The Influenced Region of Armoury has an insatiable appetite, intending to collect every single Spirit Weapon that can possibly exist on Sumatra Continent. So, it uses the Major Treasure of Weapon as bait to lure in more prey.'

"Leader!" Many Zinger Aristocrats shouted in alarm as the Spirit Weapons flew towards the Cloud Ship, about to make contact.

"On it," Zaihaya broke out of her thoughts and grunted, having gathered sufficient Prana in her hands already.

Primary Nature—Inhibition Bomb!

Secondary Nature—Accel Hurl!

Tertiary Nature—Prana Stitch!

The Inhibition Bomb she hurled out spread across the Cloud Ship, broken down into ribbons that were stitched onto the hull of the Cloud Ship. And then, the Spirit Weapons slammed into the hull, losing connection right as they penetrated through the hull.

Inhibition Bomb suppressed all abilities unleashed using Prana by rapidly absorbing the Prana itself. in terms of principle, it was different from the Millinger's Secondary Nature of Inhibition Dome.

And since the stream of Prana actuating psychokinesis upon the Spirit Weapons was absorbed by the Inhibition Bomb, they were unable to move anymore, stuck within the Biome Bombs forming the hull of the Cloud Ship.

17:44

Strings of Prana entered the hull and fished out the captured Spirit Weapons, bringing them into the Biome Bombs where the Quip Zingers moved about.

"It's a great Spirit Weapon," Zaihaya muttered as she grabbed the Spirit Weapon brought by a Quip Zinger. It was a spearhead with a whip-like shaft that extended to a length of twenty metres. The spearhead had the properties of heat, and vibration, and spun rapidly to drill into the target.

The whip had the properties of adhesiveness, making the Spirit Weapon perfect for capture. It was a Silver Grade Spirit Weapon and extremely versatile. The length of the whip-like shaft was twenty metres because that's where it had been cut off by the Zinger Aristocrats after it had penetrated the hull.

The remainder of the whip-like shaft spanned kilometres until it reached the Influenced Region of Armoury.

"Have you recorded its function?" Zaihaya asked as she stared at two Zinger Aristocrats who had been manning Quip Zingers above the Cloud Ship to survey their surroundings.

"Yes," One of the Zinger Aristocrats shrieked, engraving a Piezo Slip on a flat plate, "We have a clear vision of how this Spirit Weapon can be used."

"Let's get as much data as we possibly can." Zaihaya nodded, "That will increase its value."

A good majority of the Spirit Weapons in the Influenced Region of Armoury didn't exist anywhere else on Sumatra Continent.

After all, to have a Spirit Weapon, a Free Human must practice a cultivation technique first, one capable of building a Human Avatar out of a suitable mineral. So, without a cultivation technique, it was impossible to create a Spirit Weapon.

Therefore, even though billions of minerals exist on Sumatra Continent, only a small portion of them have been turned into Spirit Weapons. The entire field had immense potential for exploration.

This was where the Influenced Region of Armoury came in. The Major Treasure of Weapon was capable of turning any mineral into a Spirit Weapon. These Spirit Weapons were then stored and used by the Armoury.

It seemed every Pranic Beast had some kind of undiscovered mineral in its body that could be turned into a Spirit Weapon. Even Zinger Aristocrats seemed to have one, just that even the Quip Clan had no idea about it.

Now, if the Quip Clan manages to gather a bunch of such Spirit Weapons, it could sell them to Free Human Kingdoms and Empires for a premium.

After all, the Spirit Weapons were being used by the Armoury. Their functions were clearly being displayed, which the Quip Clan recorded in full swing.

This meant that without having to experiment upon a mineral, they could obtain information about how the Spirit Weapon created using the respective mineral would turn out. This allowed them to judge whether or not to invest time, manpower, and resources into the respective cultivation technique.

Currently, Free Humans had to traverse the darkness upon stumbling across a mineral. They have to judge whether or not it would be worth it. And then, they'll have to spend decades trying to come up with a cultivation technique that can build a Human Avatar using this mineral.

There needs to be Free Humans willing to try it. And then, once they enter the Body Stage and gain a Primary Nature, only then could it be determined if the mineral was worth the investment or not.

A good majority of the Free Humans remained stuck at the Spirit Stage for all their lives, requiring strenuous resources, time, effort, and talent to enter the Body Stage. Thereby, experimentation with a single mineral took generations to complete before a verdict was arrived at.

It took faith, desperation, and a certain level of insanity to gamble on such an endeavour, which happened rarely. Hence, the existing cultivation techniques among Free Humans were products of generations worth of effort.

It was all because they had no idea if the resulting Spirit Weapon was worth the effort.

However, the Influenced Region of Armoury brought about many benefits, the primary one being able to display the effects of a Spirit Weapon. This way, the Quip Clan could simply give the Free Human Kingdom a list of Spirit Weapons possible in their region's mineral composition and their effects.

The Free Human Kingdom could then discuss and select a suitable Spirit Weapon. Since they already knew the result, and how the respective Spirit Weapon could be wielded, they only needed to reverse deduce a suitable cultivation technique.

Since they were guaranteed the Spirit Weapon's effectiveness, they could allot suitable manpower, time, and resources to the endeavour and create a suitable cultivation technique. This saved tremendous time and effort that they would have otherwise spent on experimentation with countless minerals.

As a result, Free Human Kingdoms would happily buy data about such Spirit Weapons, including the Spirit Weapons themselves from the Quip Clan for a premium, further tying them closer to the services of the Quip Clan.

The Quip Clan basically became the lifeline that allowed the Free Human Kingdom to harness their ambition of becoming an Empire one day. This steadily aligned them towards the Quip Clan's vested interests.

"Gather them all!" Zaihaya said, watching as another batch of Spirit Weapons were caught within the Cloud Ship's hull, their connection cut off from the Influenced Region of Armoury. She had been dispatched here precisely because her power countered Spirit Weapons, making her the perfect individual to gather all the Spirit Weapons that Armoury spews out.

This created the Quip Clan a solid business opportunity, as they could simply release external entities into the Kalahatra Desert and watch the Influenced Region of Armoury turn them into Spirit Weapons. Following that, they only needed to wait until the Armoury spews the respective Spirit Weapon at them, allowing Zaihaya to collect it.

"Do we have enough power?" Zaihaya stared at the orb in her possession, drawing Prana from it to heal the damage sustained by the hull, nodding upon seeing the consumption, 'Okay, the expenditure is well within prediction.'

She then nodded, watching a Zinger Aristocrat use her string of Prana like the blades of a helicopter to take flight, noticing Inala appear above the ship a few seconds later. No, he had only decided to show himself to the rest after a few seconds.

"My Deity!" Her heart raced as she stared at the calm individual flying overhead in awe, enamoured with devotion.

"Ah!" Inala didn't seem to have heard Zaihaya's proclamation. Instead, his gaze fell on the sandstorm longingly as he observed the vast expanse of the Kalahatra Desert, noticing vertical swirls of sand created by the unique draft of wind generated only at this location.

"If only I could spend some more time admiring this…" He muttered as his eyes turned moist. He then smiled wryly upon noticing Zaihaya continue to call him, sighing as he wiped his eyes and entered the ship, his expression a poker face as he asked, "Do you need another orb?"





Chapter 775  I Warned You

775  I Warned You

"Do you need another orb?"

Hearing Inala's question, Zaihaya shook her head, stating respectfully as she bowed, "No, the one you've bestowed upon us will last us another four years even with the current rate of consumption."

"I had summoned you to show you the Influenced Region of Armoury." She said, sweating slightly in response, for only now did she feel like she had taken the summon for granted.

Even if they had a different relationship, with her being one of the first Zingers that Inala had ever created, it didn't mean she could summon him as and when she pleased, especially before the others. The Royal Zinger was the Quip Clan's Deity, after all.

'Did I offend him?' She thought in worry, her figure trembling slightly in response, afraid of being rebuked by Inala. However, whatever she was worried about never happened.

Instead, Inala didn't seem the least bothered about being summoned here. After all, it was his decision whether or not to appear here. The Major Treasure of Flight had severe restrictions, but whether or not to use its power was something only he could decide.

So, it's not like he was forced to appear wherever anyone assumed a state of flight. Rather, the moment they assumed it, he would know their location. But that's it. Whether to appear next to them or not was at his sole discretion.

"Alright, keep up with the good work, then. Summon me when the Prana in your orb is at half capacity." Inala nodded and assumed flight, stating before he exited the Cloud Ship as he stared at Zaihaya, "Have we managed to create a logistic line to the Kalahatra Desert?" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Not yet," Zaihaya shook her head.

"I'll tell Kenzar to focus on this with priority. Coordinate with him to develop the logistics." He then left a bunch of Biome Bombs for their use and flew out, "These Spirit Weapons are our best bet to ensure the Free Humans align stronger with us."

"Gather as many as you can." Inala commanded, "Kenzar will bring in the resources necessary for Armoury to make more Spirit Weapons."

All the Quip Clansmen in the Cloud Ship bowed in response as Inala flew overhead and calmly stared at the Influenced Region of Armoury, watching it steadily target the Cloud Ship, 'Indeed, it's not like a living being but is just operating on a set of laws.'

'Its hail of Spirit Weapons had worked on eliminating every opponent it faced until now, but Zaihaya runs counter to its power.' He thought. The Red-Draft River wasn't anywhere close to the Kalahatra Desert, so no Millinger had ever set foot on the desert.

It was why Armoury remained the absolute predator of this region. Otherwise, a legion of Millingers was enough to severely exhaust its reserve of Spirit Weapons and even rain artillery strikes upon it.

But that was life. Many races from faraway locations would have become absolute predators in other regions. But as they were too far away from each other, such a thing never happened.

Millingers were just one of the many powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the Red-Draft River. Similarly, there were Pranic Beasts like the Slump Lizards living in the Angan River, that when introduced into the Red-Draft River, would absolutely collapse its ecosystem.

Slump Lizards had insane fertility rates, due to which they would overpopulate in a massive environment such as the Red-Draft River, which by breadth alone was akin to a sea.

Slump Lizards would consume all the moss varieties abundant in the Red-Draft River beyond their recovery capacity, forcing other predators to deal with them.

However, as a group, Slump Lizards were extremely powerful, capable of disorienting even the strongest of creatures. As a result, there would be large schools of Slump Lizards that would consume every available moss, and cause the extinction of existing Pranic Beast races that consumed moss.

17:45

Even though a powerful Pranic Beast could consume a Slump Lizard, there was also the taste factor involved. Slump Lizards weren't in the least considered tasty by a majority of the Pranic Beast races. Even the ones at the Angan River had been modified by the Carcass Snail to ensure they could satisfy the palate of the Ganrimb Kingdom's Free Humans.

If the Slump Lizards weren't hunted early on to keep their numbers in check, they'd overpopulate the place. 'And since their meat isn't preferred, other races won't hunt them enough. And by the time they realise what is happening, it might be too late.'

'It's not necessary for a powerful Pranic Beast to disrupt the ecosystem. Weaker Pranic Beasts can prove to be the most damaging.' He thought. Slump Lizards were an example and Phells were another example.

Bludders, Ewworms, Shifting Ants, Zingers, etc. could all become an invasive species when introduced into other regions.

It was the same on Earth too. But on Sumatra, there were even more variables that factored into the ecology of a place, "I…wish to explore more and witness all such sights."

His heart thumped in longing as Inala observed faint sand swirls hundreds of kilometres away. These sand swirls were like flat disks vertically propped up on the desert surface, creating picturesque scenes.

Some of the sand swirls formed discs that reached a height of ten kilometres, absolutely gigantic. Just the sight alone caught him in a trance. Only when he felt another summons did he break out of his reverie, sighing melancholily, "Reality is shit!"

His dream had been to explore Sumatra. Every day when he was on Earth, reading Sumatra Chronicles, he longed to be able to explore it one day. And now, his build as the Royal Zinger allowed him to freely explore and take in the sights of this Continent's grandeur.

However, the reality was different. The endlessly growing Celestial Boar loomed overhead as an invincible threat. As long as Brangara was alive, Inala could never explore Sumatra.

'I can run away, if I want to. With my current power, I can escape beyond his reach.' He thought. However, that scenario would always keep him on edge, making him tense as to when the Celestial Boar might pop up to devour him.

Eventually, worries would engulf him, preventing him from enjoying the sights of Sumatra. It was no different from his current state of self where he couldn't relish the sights and instead had to focus on his plans, schemes, and everything else.

'Only when my mind is free and relaxed can I truly enjoy life on Sumatra.' He was frustrated, because subconsciously, even through survival, he had always been seeking out a build that allowed him to one day freely explore Sumatra without risk to himself.

It was why he had been gung-ho about becoming a Zinger. Its powers being perfect for dealing with Brangara was just an excuse. He could have chosen other builds too.

But his subconscious desire made him focus on this the most, causing him to assume that only a Zinger build was mentally suited to his character. If killing Brangara had been his sole goal, he would have focused on some other Pranic Beast.

Even Mud Vipers would have been a better candidate, as it was a race prone to mutation, which was precisely why Grehha had targeted them.

And now, even though Inala had the perfect build to roam Sumatra freely across the skies, the only existence with the authority to do so, he was forced to focus on dealing with the Celestial Boar.

"Dammit!" His figure vanished from the Kalahatra Desert, appearing at the Brimgan Empire's Palace to stare at the figures of Virala and Boul Brimgan.

His expression was calm and collected, showing no traces of his prior outburst as he nodded, "I'll be done in a day."

"Just hurry it, man." Virala groaned as he slumped on a sofa, playing around with his Mystic Human Stamp, "I can't wait to cripple that bastard."

"Just pray he doesn't consume your Minor Treasure," Inala snorted, "Did you forget that he's a Major Treasure? It implies his power system operates at a level beyond ours."

"Isn't that why I'm being patient here?" Virala rolled his eyes, "Just hurry and extract whatever you can out of him."

"It takes time." Inala ignored Virala following that, too irritated to care about someone happy to irritate the fuck out of his existence. He then stared at Boul Brimgan to ask, "How's your preparation coming along?"

"I'm ready," Boul Brimgan nodded calmly, "I have organised my powers and have strengthened myself to however much I could through the Influenced Region of Golden Deity."

"Are you not planning to use the Major Treasure of Deity?" Inala asked in surprise upon inspecting Boul Brimgan's presence, no longer sensing the Major Treasure of Deity in him.

"It's not necessary anymore," Boul Brimgan smiled as a golden flicker flashed through his eyes, "I've already gained the necessary benefits from it. And now, I've placed it back in the Golden Deity, so that it can continue building its Influenced Region."

'I need to get a Major Treasure for the Mystic Humans too.' Virala thought in envy, aware by now that Inala had a Major Treasure other than Attribute. In contrast, the Mystic Humans only had one Minor Treasure.

Eventually, there would come a time when they would have multiple Minor Treasures, as the refining effect granted by his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp sought to elevate the tools of all Mystic Human's Gold Ewworm form into a Minor Treasure.

The tools were made using Tratham and would eventually become a Minor Treasure. But it'll take time. With their build, once the tool becomes a Minor Treasure, it can be fused to their body, allowing them to condense a new tool at the tail end of their Ewworm forms once again.

That's how Virala gained a tool of Tratham despite having the Mystic Human Stamp. In theory, they could create an infinite supply of Minor Treasures. However, the reality was different.

Virala could refine the Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp by taking advantage of a series of opportunities, especially Mystic Kinesis Art. But that couldn't be used for Tratham. Hence, the process of turning it into a Minor Treasure was awfully slow, even for Virala, since it was entirely reliant on the refinement effect of his Mystic Human Stamp.

'I should focus on accelerating that process while consuming the Celestial Boar's flesh.' Virala thought as he gazed at Inala, 'This is the only way I can keep up with this guy's growth.'

More than everything, he was aware of how powerful the Celestial Boar had become. Even though it seemed like Inala, Virala, and Resha were casually beating up Brangara, their mental states had taken a blow, understanding that with the Celestial Boar's growth rate, the difference in their strength at the Fourth Major Disaster would mirror the First Major Disaster.

Even their endgame builds would become too weak before an endgame Celestial Boar. 'And there's a good chance Brangara has consumed the Mammoth Clan. Considering how he hasn't returned even after we had provoked him, there's a solid chance he's trying to birth Empyrean Tusks to consume.'

"What does his memories say?" Virala asked after a few hours of silence, "What was the main body's plan?"

"It's as we had feared." Inala sighed as he shook his head, "A 2-Life Stage Brangara set out alongside Yarsha Zahara, armed with a Minor Treasure that could serve as a bank for Natures. They were precisely aware of the Mammoth Clan's path through the Sandy-Grey Void, the route they were taking, and the route Yarsha Zahara had to take to catch up to them on time."

He gritted his teeth, grunting in anger, "It seems Sumatra's Transcendent Eater guided them throughout the journey."

"That bitch!" Virala cursed in response and slammed the floor next to him, cracking it in response.

'I see, so Sumatra Continent is blocking out all contact with the Transcendents, since it dislikes their interference in our matters. But the moment we enter the Sandy-Grey Void, we can contact them, though the chances are negligible due to the invasion by the Transcendents from other Continents.' Inala thought as he simultaneously accessed Yamahara's memories, 'So, that was why he was strangely passive throughout the whole ordeal, despite his powers.'

'I would like to make plans regarding it, but that's beyond the current me.' He sighed and stared at the ceiling, 'I'll figure it out if I survive the Celestial Boar.'

He then stared at Boul Brimgan, asking after a moment's hesitation, "Do you mind revealing to me your Tertiary Nature?"

'How did this guy figure it out?' Boul Brimgan was surprised by the question.

"I have a Minor Treasure that achieves a similar effect. It's why I can guess the functions of the Major Treasure of Deity." Inala smiled wryly and asked, "I believe we don't have enough time to hide our secrets. Otherwise, I would have never revealed my abilities to the two of you."

"Alright, I'll show it to you." Boul Brimgan nodded and activated his Primary Nature to grow into a 12-metre-tall golden giant.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

His Rutham Human Avatar pulsed with power as ten golden felines appeared beside him, purring softly as they behaved lifelike despite being inanimate existences.

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!

Minor Treasure—Kinesis Feline!

"You…need to move back a little." Boul Brimgan said as he stared at the seated figure of Virala nearby.

"I can even tank a full-powered punch from the Celestial Boar." Virala waved casually, "Just do what you have to do."

"Don't complain that I didn't warn you." Boul Brimgan then looked at Inala to explain, "The path of a Brimgan Royal is sequential in terms of gaining a Nature. The final puzzle is the Major Treasure, which grants in me this Tertiary Nature."

As he spoke, the golden felines fused into his Human Avatar as his figure disappeared. In response, Virala found himself sent flying out of the palace, sporting an evident dent in his chest.

"Fucker…you attacked me!" Virala cursed as he found himself sent flying many kilometres out.





Chapter 776: Deity Fusion

﻿

Unlike Pranic Beasts that had to go through countless variables in order to reach the end of the Pranic Beast Path-the Mystic Grade-to become a Transcendent, Free Humans only needed to reach the 10-Life Stage, irrespective of their Grade, and they had a fair shot at the

Transcendence Stage.

But simply becoming a Transcendent wasn't enough. The Free Human had to gain all three Natures. Only then will they attain their true potential. This was the Brimgan Founder's plan, which was the reason he created a refinement cultivation technique such as Gold Kinesis Art.

The body and soul aspects of the power system wasn't known back then, so it was never a point of focus. However, as long as a Free Human has three Natures, they'll be strong enough to kill a higher Grade of existence that only had a single Nature.

Of course, reaching even the Secondary Nature seemed impossible throughout history, as the Brimgan Royal had to refine their Spirit Weapon to its extremity. But as generations pass, and the Brimgan Royals steadily amass knowledge, fortune, strength, and most of all, a genetic attunement to Rutham, it was just a matter of time before someone arrived who could reach that point.

And that individual was Boul Brimgan, riding on the genetic attunement accumulations of the Brimgan Royals towards Rutham that spanned hundreds of millennia. He reached the extremity and turned his Spirit Weapon into a Minor Treasure.

This could only be attained at the 10-Life Stage. But it also meant that the moment a Brimgan Royal attains a Secondary Nature, they'd become capable of creating ten Minor Treasures, becoming a strategic asset.

Even if they were to die, their ten Minor Treasures would remain behind. And they would be insanely compatible with Brimgan Royals, since they had been created by one in the first place.

The Brimgan Founder had created Gold Kinesis Art with that in mind, also laying down plans for what needed to be done beyond the point of attaining a Secondary Nature. However, his plans were only empirical at best for this.

And the one focused on it was the Brimgan Ancestor who entered the Mystic Grade and wielded strength said to have surpassed the Mystic Tentacle of that era. He solidified the plan and made the necessary arrangements.

Eventually, after many Emperors took chare of this secret process, one of them succeeded, or failed successfully in this case, turning into a Major Treasure after failing to enter the Transcendence Stage.

Major Treasure-Deity!

It had been created for the sole purpose of creating a Tertiary Nature. Planned by the Brimgan Founder, laid down by the Brimgan Ancestor, and gradually developed and refined by successive generations of Brimgan Emperors, it was all created for the day when a Brimgan Royal with a Secondary Nature appeared and could wield the power of the Major Treasure.

When fused, the Major Treasure of Deity gave a boost to the size, speed, strength, and structural integrity of both the Human Avatar and the Spirit Weapons condensed out of it. However, that was just its immediate effect.

As it was a Major Treasure born through a Brimgan Royal, anyone Brimgan Royal part of the bloodline was compatible with it down to a genetic level. And hence, the influence it generated could be easily absorbed by the Rutham Human Avatars.

After all, the Major Treasure of Deity was a fusion between the Brimgan Royal and their Rutham Human Avatar.

Once Boul Brimgan fused with it, the Major Treasure's influence accumulated upon his Human Avatar and his Kinesis Felines, subtly altering them as if it was altering the terrain. Eventually, when the Human Avatar was fully transformed by the Major Treasure of Deity into its Influenced Region, a Tertiary Nature naturally appeared in him.

Brimgan Royals controlled Spirit Weapons, the backbone of their power. Their strength was directly proportional to the number of Spirit Weapons they controlled. Using more than one Spirit Weapon reduced the efficiency of psychokinesis.

And hence, the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch had been created to accommodate for the faults. But upon obtaining the Secondary Nature, Boul Brimgan became capable of simultaneously controlling all his ten Kinesis Felines, since they were a Minor Treasure.

Every Minor Treasure will gain a property based on how it was refined through Gold Kinesis Art as a Spirit Weapon. In Boul Brimgan's case, his Kinesis Felines had Silver Grade intelligence, allowing them to move around with conscious thought.

Thereby, he only needed to supply Prana to them, obtaining 10 Spirit Weapons that can move about without a drop in psychokinesis efficiency. He could then use the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch on regular Spirit Weapons and fight, becoming even more dangerous on the battlefield.

The Primary Nature created the ultimate Spirit Weapon, multiplying the Spirit Weapon range by ten times. The Secondary Nature turned the Spirit Weapon into a Minor Treasure, creating ten of their kind. And finally, there arrived the third part, one that transformed the Brimgan Royal into an absolute existence.

Tertiary Nature—Deity Fusion!

All Deity Fusion did was to combine Boul Brimgan's ten Minor Treasures of Kinesis Felines into his Human Avatar to create a singular whole, an existence derived by the additive fusion of his powers.

"Fucker...you attacked me!" A pitiful scream echoed as Virala was sent flying for many kilometres into the sky, his chest caving in largely despite being protected by a full-powered Tratham armour.

Standing at the palace room with a slightly outstretched arm was a 48-metre-tall golden humanoid with a feline head that sported a lion's general shape and mane, but had jaws resembling a tiger's instead.

The feline face was present across all the joints-elbows, knees, knuckles, etc.

The front and back of the chest too sported a large protrusion resembling the face of a feline. The legs resembled that of a feline while tiny, outstretched nails jutted out of the human hands. Ripped like a human boxer with the bestial frame and agility of a feline, Boul Brimgan stood proudly as he watched virala continue to make a beautiful arc in the sky, "I did warn you, didn't I?"

He slowly turned around to face Inala, "This is my Tertiary Nature, Deity Fusion. In this state, I become one with my Kinesis Felines. The strength, intelligence, physical might, and Prana capacity of them all are integrated into me completely."

He calmly pointed his index finger towards Inala on the shoulder as Prana surged into a spherical vortex, barely a centimetre in diameter that burst at one point to eject out a beam. It was the same beam as those unleashed by the Kinesis Felines, but faster, with greater control.

The beam pierced Inala's shoulder cleanly as Boul Brimgan retracted the beam and spoke, "The destructive power of my beams is the highest among any ability. It became enhanced after I entered the Mystic Grade."

As he spoke, his fingers trembled, one that worsened within the next couple of seconds until Broul Brimgan collapsed, having let go of the transformation. He reverted to human form as the Kinesis Feline surrounded him, slightly low on reserves as they merged into his Human

Avatar.

"I...can't maintain this transformation for long." Boul Brimgan smiled wryly as he wiped his sweat, "It places immense strain on my body, mind, and Spirit Container. My current limit is eight seconds."

"Eight seconds isn't enough." Inala said, uncaring about his shoulder injury that had already healed by now. He was impressed by Boul Brimgan's capability, asking after some thought, "What about your mother?"

"Has she obtained Deity Fusion too?"

"No," Boul Brimgan sighed, "She has only recently fused with the Major Treasure. It will take

a while before she can obtain the Tertiary Nature."

"I'll supply you with as much Prana and Lifespan as you need." Inala said without hesitation, "Train without rest until you can maintain that state for an hour."

"An hour?" Boul Brimgan's eyes widened at the incredulity of the task, "I'm not sure if that's

something I can achieve in two years. The amount of power I achieve when I activate Deity Fusion is beyond what I can realistically control. So, I need a lot of practice time. Besides, I need to rest a few days at least after every activation."

"My body won't be able to bear the load..." He stopped speaking upon feeling rich lifeforce

funnel into him, one that invigorated him. His body healed instantly as he felt like he could use Deity Fusion once again, without any side-effects.

"Amazing, right?" Inala smirked, "This is the Celestial Boar's Lifespan. Even if you're on the brink of exhaustion, you'll be rejuvenated as if you've rested for days."

"Train nonstop," He said, smiling upon seeing a crimson spinning disk fly into the palace

room, undoing the Tratham armour covering it to reveal a metre-long Mystic Ewworm whose mouth had bit on its tail to assume the shape of a ring. "Oh, he's here, perfect to act as a

punching bag, wouldn't you say?"

Reverting to human form, Virala grumbled as he stared at Boul Brimgan in shock, "Did you have to punch me just because your transformation didn't have the oomph necessary to send

me flying?"

"Nah, I just had a comfortable opportunity to punch you and took it." Boul Brimgan winked as he pointed at his forehead, "It's a great stress relief, you see, punching you, I mean."

Just because he could overlook personal hatred for the overall picture didn't mean Bouln/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Brimgan had forgotten the fact that Virala killed his father. And hence, he just saw a chance and made a harmless payback.

"Practice punching him. Let him defend to his best capability." Inala pointed at Virala and

addressed Boul Brimgan, "That way, you can rapidly accumulate experience. After all, it's a necessity by this point."

"Is it done?" Virala asked, turning serious as he glared at the Biome Bomb holding Brangara,

"Have you accessed all of his data?"

"Pretty much everything that is known, I guess." Inala nodded and threw the Biome Bomb

towards Virala, "Ensure he doesn't die. We have to feed on his flesh to rapidly progress through the Life Stage."

"I know." Virala shrugged and walked through the door that appeared on the Biome Bomb, stopping before Brangara as he stared at the latter's unconscious self. He calmly whipped out his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp and placed it on Brangara's forehead, "This is

revenge for my only friend."

"Argh!" Brangara's eyes shot open due to the sheer pain he experienced, hollering like he was getting tortured. Immediately in response, a steady stream of Celestial Boar lifeforce entered him, ensuring he was alive.

The Mystic Human Stamp dug its roots through his head and extracted all his memories,

condensing them as tangible data that Virala stored in a Spirit Container cluster and rhythmically chucked them into his mouth.

He swallowed them whole and watched as his stomach digested them, funnelling the data

into the Prana carried by his bloodstream. And as the blood entered his heart, the Prana

passed through the Spirit Container, causing the relevant information to appear in his mindspace.

Gradually, Virala accumulated all of Brangara's memories, his breaths hot as his eyes seethed

in anger. He clenched his hand into a fist as subconsciously, his Tratham armour shaped itself

into a hammer, expressing his intent to pummel Brangara's head.

"Fuck!" He roared and walked out of the Biome Bomb once he had extracted all of Brangara's

memories. Ignoring the figure of Brangara that was now in a vegetative state, "Just learning about his plans towards Orakha is disgusting."

"This is your copy of his memories." Virala placed a Spirit Container cluster in Boul Brimgan's voice and walked away, "I'm going out to cool down."

He stopped for a moment and stared at Inala, "I've destroyed Brangara's mind. He won't be

recovering even if you remove his Spirit Container Seal."

With that, his figure leapt out of the palace hall, turning into a crimson stream that spread across the surface of the Northern Lakes, rippling out nonstop in rage.



Chapter 777: I'll Be Reborn

﻿

"Man...he's absolutely broken." Inala said as he stared at the vegetative state of Brangara, one that couldn't despite his Spirit Container circulating Prana across his body.

Prana had the capability to bring one to their natural state eventually. And the higher the quality of Prana one possessed, the faster this process occurred. However, in Brangara's case, that was no longer applied to his memory, for every piece of data stored in his mindspace had been extracted by Virala.

Therefore, even if Brangara's Prana wanted to recover his memories, it couldn't, as it no longer had any information to feed his brain. However, that was the basic understanding till now as Inala used Perfect Biome Domination to observe Brangara, 'He's a living Major Treasure. There's no guarantee that he cannot recover his memoires through some reason.'

As Brangara's power operated beyond Sumatra's power system, Inala understood that he couldn't use his existing logic to assuredly claim the figure before him will remain in a vegetative state indefinitely.

It was just a matter of when Brangara would recover and not how. 'So, before something like that happens, I need to extract everything of value.'

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

Inala funnelled Prana into Brangara, filling up the latter's Spirit Container and then focused, wondering if it might be possible. There was a surge of Prana in the Spirit Container, following which nothing happened.

"Too late, huh?" Inala clicked his tongue. He wanted to condense a second body of Brangara here, one he intended to maintain in an unmature state. This way, the main body of Brangara would no longer be able to build bodies anymore.

However, when he attempted the process, he realised that a new body had already been created by the main body of Brangara. "Seems he realised something was up and has taken precaution."

When they were targeting this body of Brangara, Inala noticed the possibility that the body of Brangara before them could condense a body. It was his plan to form a second body of Brangara after capturing him, for that was the best way to restrict his growth.

However, he couldn't take chances at that time, since creating a second body would allow Brangara to summon an infinite number of Bolts of Transcendents, way beyond what Inala could handle, even if he exhausted all his accumulations.

So, he couldn't take the risk until he surfed through Brangara's data and determine what the latter was fully capable of first. And after that, Virala had to use his Mystic Human Stamp to extract all of Brangara's memories and turn him into a vegetable.

Only past that point did Inala deem it safe to experiment with Brangara. Unfortunately, the main body of Brangara didn't take any chances and immediately condensed a new body.

"It's indeed unfortunate," Inala sighed and began to extract Brangara's Prana and Lifespan. He also took out an orb that funnelled Prana and Lifespan into the latter, using his body like a filter to obtain Mystic Grade Prana and Lifespan, the best of the very best.

This allowed him to accumulate an infinite supply of them, which he planned to do before his main fight against the Celestial Boar.

Primary Nature-Voracious Cultivator!

Secondary Nature-Astral World!

Tertiary Nature-Major Treasure!

Major Treasure-Tangible Nature!

"Voracious Cultivator consumes and nurtures a Nature through the Life Stage. However, the Major Treasure of Tangible Nature is what turns the consumed Nature into a Tangible Nature. And most of all, Astral World creates a place where the Tangible Natures could live and be nurtured through the Life Stage." Inala muttered, "The three Natures are pieces of a whole."

"Basically, it's one Nature that has been broken down into three Mystic Grade Natures." Inala smiled wryly, "That's what makes him a broken existence, even at my current level."

Decades back, Inala figured out that Brangara wasn't even making use of a portion of his potential as the Empyrean Boar King. An Empyrean Boar King who had reached his full potential could easily destroy every single existence that stood in its path.

It was just a dialogue used in Sumatra Chronicles, claiming the Empyrean Boar King from the Fourth Major Disaster could kill Iron Transcendents and even weak Silver Transcendents. This was just by a full-powered Empyrean Boar King, but not an Empyrean Boar King at the peak of his potential.

Astral Chart was capable of storing even Mystic Grade Natures. Basically, at peak potential, even if he had gone insane, the Empyrean Boar King ought to carry 100 Mystic Grade Natures.

Forget plans, schemes, and tactics. Just the sheer influence generating out of the insane Empyrean Boar King might surpass the strength of Gold Transcendents and even grow strong enough to harm a Mystic Transcendent.

This was merely by filling Astral Chart with 100 Mystic Grade Natures. If the Natures were optimised into energy variants that complemented the effects of each other and could also stack, that's when the full potential of the Empyrean Boar King was realised.

What about the Celestial Boar then?

Any Tangible Nature it possessed could be nurtured to the 10-Life Stage and then turned into

a Minor Treasure. If they were at the Gold Grade or above, they'll become a Major Treasure.

So, a full-power Celestial Boar could carry 100 Major Treasures. But of course, a Major Treasure could fuse with the body and didn't need to be stored in the Astral World, meaning Brangara could open up new slots and nurture them into Major Treasures too.

In essence, the Celestial Boar was a factory capable of endlessly churning out Major Treasures. That was why even after attaining Expert Mystic Grade, the Celestial Boar didn't have the monicker of Empyrean. It hadn't hit its limit.

"Currently, the lack of resources is the only thing stopping him from creating Major Treasures with the power of Subtle Terrain Domination." Inala sighed, "But he has most definitely consumed all the Empyrean Tusks."

The Empyrean Boar King experienced a growth of twenty-five percent with every Empyrean Tusk it consumed. Basically, the consumption of every four Empyrean Tusks brought a body of it to maturity.

Even though the percentage of growth obtained by Brangara should have reduced after he became the Celestial Boar, the Empyrean Tusks too became tremendously powerful, having obtained three Natures, and with ten of them entering the 2-Life Stage.

The growth benefits should more or less be similar to the past, 'Which means, even by a conservative estimate, he has enough resources to grow 26 bodies to maturity.'

If Brangara focused all the resources solely on him, he would have easily reached the 10-Life Stage. "Maybe he's focused on elevating Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers using those resources, but no matter what he wants to do, he can achieve it."

Inala analysed Brangara's data and grumbled, "Since it's too risky, he won't try to turn Subtle Terrain Domination into a Major Treasure. But I'm damn confident he'll elevate as many of them as he can to the 10-Life Stage."

The result was basically facing a 10-Life Stage Empyrean Snapper. And he could stack more than a dozen of them at the same time, "The Celestial Boar's body is strong enough to endure the power that level of stacking results."

Without realisation, Inala was clenching his fists hard, "Forget the Fourth Major Disaster.

Even now, it might be too late."

The Biome Bomb closed as Inala walked out, his expression dark as he noticed Boul Brimgan watching him intently, having stopped practice for a minute.

"Your face has seen better days." Boul Brimgan said with a light hearted tone, "Your

expression is twisted in despair."

"Haha!" Inala laughed and stared at Boul Brimgan, commenting in the same light hearted

tone too, "Your expression is equally fucked up too."

"Hah!" Boul Brimgan collapsed on the floor, and rested his head on his hand, grouchy, lacking the energy to fight for survival, "This is a drag."

"You can repeat it for my sake too." Inala said and slumped on the floor a few metres away

from Boul Brimgan. The duo blankly stared at the ceiling, tracing the lines of decoration engraved into the ceiling passively.

They were like that for two whole hours before Boul Brimgan broke the silence, "Can we...

win?"

"We?" Inala raised his eye, "You're not a Mystic Path though."

"I am his enemy," Boul Brimgan said and then eyed Inala, "So?"

"What is your opinion? Can we win?"

"I can't think of any possibility." Inala shook his head, "Most of our physical attacks cannot

harm his natural defences. Anything beyond that can be absorbed by a variety of Natures, including that of a Twi-Shocker, which his Astral World can stack."

"And for Nature based attacks, Yarsha Zahara can absorb and make them hers." He sighed, "And these two have been practicing operating as a single unit ever since Brangara figured out that he could behave like a Major Treasure. As long as he sits in her body and supplies her power, there's not much we could do."

"Any attacks that break past this defence would be easily healed off by the Celestial Boar's insane regeneration speed." He stared at Boul Brimgan, "You've seen his memories."

"Yeah..." Boul Brimgan nodded, recalling one of Brangara's memories from when he was experimenting his powers.

It was a simple experiment. Brangara simply severed his head, but then, another head grew

back. He didn't die. His Prana quality was high enough to regenerate a lost head while perfectly maintaining all of his body's functions.

The mind aspect of his Prana was robust enough to carry enough information that it could maintain the function of all the organs until a new brain was regenerated.

The second experiment was to destroy both the head and the heart. Without the Spirit

Container in the heart, the body wouldn't have enough Prana to survive. That was the original

assumption.

"But just the Prana circulating through his bloodstream was able to regenerate both a head

and a heart." Boul Brimgan sighed, "In the human form, he'll die. But in the Celestial Boar form, he'll live."

"Yes, and this was when he experimented upon a newly condensed body, and not one that had reached maturity." Inala nodded, "Moreover, it was a lone body and not one with the Life Stage stack."

"His regeneration would be even faster in the Life Stage." Boul Brimgan groaned, asking

after another hour of silence, "So, what do you think?"

"Can we win?"

"Why are you asking me the same repeatedly?" Inala groaned, turning silent after that. The

duo stared at the ceiling in silence as usual. A whole four hours passed this time, at the end of which Inala muttered, "There's only one way we can win."

"So you indeed had a plan." Boul Brimgan muttered softly, letting out a mild smile, "And

that is?"

"In death, there is honour." Inala let out a soft sigh, hesitant as he stared at the wall that had broken down after Virala had been sent flying out by Boul Brimgan. He slowly walked towards

it and peered out to observed the Brimgan Empire's Capital City of Boul, "This is a beautiful city."

The picturesque buildings, the skyline, the vast Northern Lakes at the background, and the vibrant culture of the place enamoured him, "I can easily spend a few decades doing nothing but admiring this view. It's...that beautiful."

He then slowly flew out and stared at the sky, observing the Transcendent Worlds as a thin

streak of tears slid down his eyes, "My law states that I alone am the Royal Zinger. So, the moment another Royal Zinger appears, I'll be reborn."

"But that'll be as the Deity of the Quip Clan. I'll be influenced to become their Deity, an

omniscient entity that caters to the demands of its Clan." He muttered, "That will indeed be

Inala, but..."n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His expression drooped, "It won't be me, one who likes to travel Sumatra."

As his figure landed on the ceiling of the Brimgan Palace, a golden figure condensed behind

him, forming the image of Boul Brimgan as Inala spoke softly, "There's a way."

"But there's no me beyond that."



Chapter 778  We’ll Make It On Time!

778  We’ll Make It On Time!

"There's a way," Inala spoke softly as a line of tears streamed down his face.

"But there's no me beyond that."

He then wiped his eyes and stared at Boul Brimgan to say, "There are two builds a cultivator with three Natures can attain."

"First, is like you, one whose three Natures perfectly complement each other to unleash a singular result." Inala pointed at Boul Brimgan to say, "I call this the State of Harmony."

"Harmony…" Boul Brimgan muttered as immediately in response, all the relevant information from Brangara's research popped up in his mindspace, "It's what he was looking into."

"Yeah," Inala nodded, "His understanding is incomplete, just like the rest of us. But based on what the Brimgan Founder had been thinking about all along, and adding onto everything the lot of us have figured out over the years, I managed to derive this state."

"From what I've witnessed, there are only four individuals who have achieved the State of Harmony." Inala said, "You, Resha, Narkahamy, and finally,"

"Yennda."

"If the combination of all three Natures results in a singular effect, that's when you can be said to be in the State of Harmony." Inala continued to speak, "This is a strong build, for it maximises your potential to its limit. You'll be stronger than someone who has three Natures."

"What's the other build?" Boul Brimgan asked, immediately thinking of Brangara's build. "Is he..?"

"Yes, that's the other state." Inala nodded, "When your build is created in such a way that your three Natures are part of a whole and all three have to be activated simultaneously to unleash a unified power, the result is an unrivalled power,"

"The State of Unity."

"Unity…! That's a fitting name." Boul Brimgan nodded, recalling Inala's previous statement to ask, "Are you saying you have attained the State of Unity?"

"You need to enter the State of Harmony to even have a shot at attaining the State of Unity." Inala smiled wryly as he shook his head, "And I haven't even attained the State of Harmony, forget attaining Unity."

"Also," He stared at Boul Brimgan, "Even Brangara's build isn't perfect."

"We have three Nature slots, but each slot corresponds to a Nature from the aspects of Body, Mind, and Soul respectively." Inala pointed out, "Each Nature should exhibit one of the three aspects. From What Yamahara has learned through his conversation with Sumatra's Transcendent Eater, our entire power system is focused on only the aspect of Mind."

"We've been using the aspect of mind to emulate the other two aspects, which makes our builds innately flawed. Even Brangara's build is flawed. But," Inala sighed, "He can make up for that fault by being a Major Treasure. That is the only reason he can attain Unity."

"So, Unity is impossible to attain unless our Natures are properly split between the aspects of Body, Mind, and Soul?" Boul Brimgan scratched his forehead, his eyes flickering with a golden flash as he made eye contact with Inala, "And, you have a plan towards that?"

"Yeah," Inala nodded as an orb floated before him, "The Bolt of Transcendence basically fuses all our accumulations into a singularity. Using it, I can temporarily enter the State of Unity. And that'll look something like this!"

A small spark from the orb slammed into him as Inala grunted in pain, his expression twisted as his organs were forcefully yanked towards his Spirit Container. There was a flush of Prana as a gravitational field emerged, pulling everything towards the centre.

Arcs of Bolts of Transcendence danced across his body as in response, a pillar of light gushed out of him, reaching a height of four metres before stopping. It maintained itself for a fraction of a second before crumbling.

"Bleh!" Inala collapsed on the ceiling as his blood vessels coiled from the strain, making him experience a heart attack. A Biome Bomb containing the Celestial Boar's Prana and Lifespan hurriedly poured its contents into him, beginning to heal him.

Even then, his body continued to deteriorate, rapidly in fact. And then, it melted into a puddle, vaporising a second later, leaving behind a stunned Boul Brimgan.

"You see, even the Celestial Boar's Lifespan cannot heal the damage." Inala's voice resounded as another figure of his appeared. He had split his body into two and only made one body exhibit this.

He approached Boul Brimgan and lightly tapped the latter on the shoulder, noticing his body shudder in response, having broken into a cold sweat, "Are you alright?"

"That was…Unity?" Boul Brimgan was terrified, staring at his hands to see the goosebumps that covered his skin. In that instant when Inala exhibited Unity, his Prana detection means caused enough skin prickles that his brain cut off all sensory responses to the skin.

The presence he felt was…dreadfully overwhelming. It didn't feel like staring at a cultivator, "But a God!"

Boul Brimgan felt weak all over his body, feeling the urge to prostrate himself before the vacant spot on the terrace where Inala had assumed the State of Unity. Even the lingering traces were enough to overwhelm his senses.

But most of all, he couldn't even begin to understand what type of power it is, "I…couldn't even understand what kind of existence you had become there."

"I don't fully understand it either," Inala shook his head and smiled wryly, "I'm just brute forcing my way to achieve what Brangara can unleash naturally."

"Then, help me with it too." A moment later, Boul Brimgan firmed his mind, patting his chest to state, "Help me achieve Unity too, even if for a moment. If there's two of us, then we'll have a better chance against Brangara."

"Unfortunately, that's impossible." Inala shook his head, "The Royal Zinger can create and control Bolts of Transcendence. The State of Unity is when all my powers become one, including my power to create and control the Bolts of Transcendence. That's the only reason I can emulate the State of Unity."

"However, what I can unleash now is an incomplete version. To truly unleash it, I need to reach the 10-Life Stage first. Unity cannot be unleashed if I'm not operating at full potential." Inala sighed, "Which brings us back to square one."

He slowly raised his hand and patted Boul Brimgan, "You're fine with consuming nothing but the Prana and Lifeforce of the Celestial Boar for the next two years, right?"

"I'll be honoured to do that." Boul Brimgan got on his knees, expressing solemnly, "There were many political reasons behind why I had given you that title at the end of the Second Major Disaster. But let me wholeheartedly express this,"

He prostrated on the floor, "I, Boul Brimgan, current generation Emperor of the Brimgan Empire and the second Mystic Grade existence of the Brimgan line of Royalty, solemnly proclaim that the First Calamity, Inala, alias Amita Brimgan, as this Empire's First Guardian!"

"For as long as the Brimgan Empire stands tall, every successive generation will honour you," He lifted his head and stared at Inala, "As the Brimgan Guardian."

"What are you on about?" Inala frowned upon seeing Boul Brimgan on all fours, exhibiting the utmost respect possible, "Why are you doing this suddenly?"

"There's nothing much that I can give an existence such as you, especially considering the level of the enemy we have to face, but the least I can do is honour you." He lifted his head and smiled wryly, "I know this for a fact not, given the abilities you have displayed in recent days."

"You can avoid Brangara and remain on the run for the rest of his life if you put your mind to it." His tone was full of respect as Boul Brimgan stood up and bowed once again, "From a nobody, you've become a pinnacle existence at the mere age of 35. I'm sure you'll reach the end of your potential if you live for the next ten millennia."

11:11

"You can avoid Brangara and remain on the run for the rest of his life if you put your mind to it." His tone was full of respect as Boul Brimgan stood up and bowed once again, "From a nobody, you've become a pinnacle existence at the mere age of 35. I'm sure you'll reach the end of your potential if you live for the next ten millennia."

"But you've prepared yourself to sacrifice everything just to kill the Celestial Boar. I simply intend to honour that sacrifice so that future generations are aware of it."

"That's…alright," Inala sighed, having no intention to argue otherwise. At this point, he was just…tired of formulating schemes, calmly staring in the direction of the Dralh Sea, thinking of the Quip Clansmen working on a port there, 'It's just that, from some point in time, I started to care about them.'

"It's nothing selfless," Inala commented, "I'm motivated by selfish reasons. I won't be dead for long even if I sacrifice myself. I'll be reborn through the Quip Clan."

"So, as long as I kill the Celestial Boar, at least my next life will be free from worries." He let out a smile, "and then, I can truly enjoy doing what I wanted to do the most."

…

Ravaged Federation!

Appearing in the central point of the Biome Lattice was Inala, his expression cold as he used Perfect Biome Domination to control the water in his immediate surroundings, resulting in a vortex as all the corpses of the Phells—who had been sucked dry of Prana and Lifespan—surged in his direction.

He grabbed them all using a Biome Bomb and unleashed Perfect Biome Domination to compress their bodies to the limit. Once the flesh had been compressed into a ball, he entered the Biome Bomb containing Brangara and observed the latter.

After a few minutes of trying to control the latter's Spirit Container through Perfect Biome Domination, Inala managed to make Brangara assume his Celestial Boar form. He forced open the Celestial Boar's mouth and dumped the compressed flesh ball into it, watching the digestion process begin naturally, "Fucking pig!"

The air condensed around the Celestial Boar's arms and gradually sawed through it. He had to resort to using Perfect Biome Domination as even after expanding the side of the Biome Bomb using Prana Stitch to house the Celestial Boar, it wasn't large enough to accommodate the Royal Zinger. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Otherwise, Inala could have used his Royal Zinger claws to sever Brangara's arms faster. Once the arm was severed, he stored it in another Biome Bomb, watching the arm regrow rapidly. The compressed flesh ball of Phells was fully digested, "Already?"

"His voracious appetite is the most fearsome." Muttering as such, Inala continued to feed the compressed flesh of the Phells to the Celestial Boar, also pouring Prana and Lifespan gathered from the Biome Lattice into its body.

He then extracted body parts of the Celestial Boar alongside its Prana and Lifespan, storing everything while also systematically consuming them. He had barely consumed an arm when Inala was stunned, 'Just that accelerated my maturity by a year?'

His Spirit Container was created through the Empyrean Boar King's Prana, modified through the power of Astral Chart. Hence, Inala retained a small portion of the Empyrean Boar King's characteristic of maturing faster by consuming high-quality flesh.

However, even with a small portion of that characteristic, the result was amazing. 'I'll reach the 10-Life Stage on time!'

"But, just these Phells aren't enough." He muttered upon surveying his surroundings, "They'll be consumed until extinction for our requirements."

After all, he wasn't the only one consuming byproducts of the Celestial Boar to grow faster. The rest of the Mystic Paths too needed to consume it, which created a need for resources beyond what the Ravaged Federation could generate.

A thought later, he arrived at the Brimgan Palace, next to a Quip Clansman placed there that maintained a state of flight. He flew towards Boul Brimgan, feeling the sheer Prana fluctuations emanating from the latter's practice of Deity Fusion.

"Yes?" Boul Brimgan gasped as he stopped, wiping the sweat covering him as a nearby Biome Bomb supplied him with the Celestial Boar's Prana and Lifespan.

"I need Pranic Beast corpses, as much as you can gather." Inala stated, "The Phells aren't enough."

"Alright, consider it done." Boul Brimgan nodded as he snapped his finger, causing large, golden carriages to depart from the Brimgan Empire in response, "How much do you need?"

A second later, he retracted his question, nodding softly, "You'll get as much as you want. I'm dispatching my entire Raid forces."

"Thank you," Inala smiled and then arrived at the Dralh Sea, approaching Virala, only to notice that he had piled up a ginormous mountain of Pranic Beast corpses.

"I was waiting," Virala muttered as he pointed at the Brask Channel that connected the Dralh Sea with the Red-Draft River, "I purposefully antagonised powerful Gold Grade races native to the Red-Draft River."

"They invaded us in response," He pointed at the mountain of corpses, "Take them all and supply me with the body parts of the Celestial Boar."

"Perfect," Inala grinned, stating in confidence, "This will give us enough to reach the peak within the next two years."

He then disappeared and appeared at the border of a desert, watching a sea of Pranic Beast corpses from various races forcefully compressed into meat spheres. Seated amongst the pile was a somewhat tired Resha, smiling weakly as he stared at Inala, "Is this enough?"

"Yes," Inala nodded and collected them all, returning shortly after to provide Celestial Boar body parts to Resha.

He then vanished and appeared next to a Zinger Aristocrat who pointed at the entrance to a Dungeon, "Is he here?"

"Yes, we've confirmed it." The Zinger Aristocrat nodded, "The Green Mystic Path is stationed here."

"Found Yennda yet?" Inala asked, sighing upon seeing the Zinger Aristocrat shake her head, "Keep searching for him."

He then stared at the Dungeon's entrance, took in a deep breath, and stepped inside.





Chapter 779  Wake Up

779  Wake Up

"Grrr!" Right past the Dungeon entrance were over forty Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, all turning their heads simultaneously to glare at Inala.

Their bodies were riddled with wounds, and judging by their expressions, their group seemed to have originally been composed of more than forty. They had lost them all while invading the Dungeon.

"Move!" Inala muttered, his expression cold as he released a tinge of his presence. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Whimper!

The group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts kneeled in response, whimpering helplessly as some of the weaker ones fell unconscious. By now, the legends of the First Calamity had spread far and wide, making countless forces aware of the existence of the Royal Zinger.

And upon feeling a presence at the Mystic Grade, they didn't dare breathe, overwhelmed to their limit. Their hind legs trembled and hurriedly dragged their bodies away, parting open to reveal a path for Inala to traverse.

His footsteps made crisp noises as Inala observed Bone Vipers scurrying about in floors above and below the existing path. 'It's like a staff section. They move about there and traverse across the Dungeon, acting wherever necessary.'

As he walked further, a hole formed in the ceiling as over thirty Bone Vipers dropped onto his path. immediately upon their arrival, the hole in the ceiling sealed itself, filled by the Bone Vipers present in the staff section.

"It's a porous wall, huh?" Inala observed as he walked forth, unabated. The group of Bone Vipers leapt at him, ignoring the tinge of presence he released. However, the moment they entered his Spirit Weapon range, they collapsed to the ground, withering in response.

Their Prana and Lifespan had been sucked dry as a Biome Bomb sprouted out of their bodies, carrying any Prana and Lifespan left after the expenditure of creating a Biome Bomb.

Inala's Prana had the power of Mystic Royalty. He didn't even need to activate his Primary Nature. Therefore, all Inala needed to do was activate the power of his Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch and touch the target with a string of Prana.

Prana Stitch would stitch a few units of his attributed Prana onto the target in the form of a Palm Stitch, which absorbed the target's Prana and condensed a Biome Bomb.

As he casually walked past the corpses of the Bone Vipers, his Biome Bombs sprouted strings of Prana that behaved as their legs, carrying them forth like an arachnid as they followed after him.

As more Bone Vipers entered the path, these Biome Bombs morphed their forms into humanoid versions that jumped onto the Bone Vipers. Both sides fought while Inala passed through one path after another, moving about as if he had a map of the place.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Mystic Royal Art—Piezo Resonance!

All the information he needed reverberated out of the Bone Vipers in the form of Zinger Shrieks, gradually expanding the map of the Dungeon that had formed in his mindspace. With the aid of Perfect Biome Domination, Inala's speed of accessing information using Piezo Resonance was even faster.

After all, the soundwaves he unleashed for Piezo Resonance could be accelerated beyond the speed of sound through Perfect Biome Domination, elevating his base abilities to a whole other level.

Inala didn't have to take action apart from the first time. A gradually expanding army of Biome Bombs accompanied him and took care of every obstacle in his path.

As he headed deeper, the path became wider, and the strength of the Bone Vipers increased steadily. Soon, Silver Grade variants started appearing. A series of bone spikes, bone blades, etc. bombarded him, launched from various trap mechanisms.

11:12

These mechanisms were operated by Bone Vipers from the staff sections, separated by thick bone walls and ceilings. These traps, coupled with the horde of Bone Vipers resulted in the deaths of countless Pranic Beasts, the blood of whom was absorbed by the porous floor and fed into a river of blood below.

'It's a complete ecosystem.' Inala thought as he felt the presence of a Minor Treasure growing stronger, 'Using a Minor Treasure as a bait to lure in Pranic Beasts for resources. That's impressive!'

"He likes to sit in one location and gather strength. Indeed, he's the most stable among us all." Inala muttered as the various traps did nothing to him, even when they slammed into his unguarded body.

He was in his human form, but at the Mystic Grade. Thereby, most of the physical abilities did nothing to him. Other than his arms, the defensive capabilities of the rest of his body were significantly lacking. But that was only when compared to Mystic Grade physical toughness. A hail of bone spikes slammed into him and failed to even scratch his skin. He casually strode forward, noticing stronger Silver Grade variants appearing before him. But the moment he felt the presence of a Gold Grade existence farther back, Inala stopped, frowning, 'It should have taken him a lot of time and effort to create a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. I can't needlessly kill something like that.'

"Come here," He muttered as all the Biome Bombs shrunk to thumb-sized selves and latched onto his back as Inala threw out a cylindrical piece of wool whose strings expanded like the rotors of a helicopter and spun rapidly, assuming the state of flight for a second before it fell to the floor, having used up all the rotational potential stored in it.

But that one second was more than enough, as Inala's figure had vanished from view. The Bone Vipers stared in shock, wondering where their invader had gone, unaware of the existence casually flying past them, deeper into the Dungeon.

Inala attempted flight only after mapping out the entire layout of the Dungeon. Otherwise, he would have to use his powers, which would halt his invisibility. An hour's flight later, he flew past two semi-humanoid existences with serpentine lower bodies, emanating presence at the peak of the Gold Grade, 'There are even two Expert Gold Grade variants here. Damn, that's amazing!'

He arrived at an underground sea of blood, one that had been significantly expanded over the years by the Bone Vipers who were working nonstop. The walls were made of bone, porous in nature, constantly funnelling blood into the sea.

Spirit Moss grew over the wall, covering its entirety, generating enough luminescence to keep the region bright like it was daytime.

'Spirit Moss?' Inala looked around in shock, 'This amount is enough to bring the entire population of Mammoth Clansmen into the Life Stage.'

Before the group intended to flee Sumatra, the population of the Mammoth Clan exceeded a million. It was a tremendous sum, especially since their need for resources was a lot higher than a Free Human.

Spirit Moss was the most useful of its variety out there, for it strengthened one's Spirit Container. But it was also rare, which was why the Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator was immensely valuable.

Inala purchased some of it when he arrived at the Mammoth Clan a few months before the Second Major Disaster started, but that was it. He didn't have the time to dedicatedly consume it and strengthen his Spirit Container to its limit, since he had too many things on his plate.

At some point in time, it slipped from his mind, as he had other ways to strengthen himself and the Quip Clan. But now that he stared at the sheer scale of Spirit Moss before him, his mind changed, 'The Quip Clan will grow stronger if they are able to procure this.'

'I need to make arrangements for it. But first,' He observed the place, noticing a few Bone Viper variants prowling about on the walls, replenishing the Spirit Moss wherever it had thinned. It was apparent that had a Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

In the sea of blood swam a group of Bone Vipers, emanating presence at the Gold Grade. They calmly approached the wall and munched on a large batch of Spirit Moss. Once the Spirit Moss had been digested using Mystic Bone Art, they secreted a concentrated batch of blood rich with the properties of the Spirit Moss.

They had been created for the exact purpose. Spirit Moss grew on the walls, absorbing the blood as nutrients. And by consuming them, these Gold Grade Pranic Beasts secreted blood with the same properties, enriching the blood in the sea.

The process was rinsed and repeated while there was a constant influx of fresh blood from the Pranic Beasts killed in the Dungeon. Moreover, there was a variant of Silver Grade Bone Vipers at the depths of the sea of blood, steadily digging underground to expand the size of the sea of blood.

The entire process had been automated, causing the Dungeon to expand underground on its own, growing bigger and stronger. And similarly, the blood sea, which formed the core of the Dungeon too was expanding.

Inala's gaze finally fell on the bone island floating on the surface of the blood sea, located in the centremost part. The blood region surrounding it felt peaceful, but Inala could sense over eighty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts silently standing guard in the blood.

'Just tallying the ones I've sensed on my way here numbers over 200 Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.' Inala thought in amazement, chuckling soon after, "After silently accumulating strength and knowledge for so long, you've begun expanding your power, Grehha."

On the island were two bone cocoons, one big, one small. The bigger cocoon seemed to be holding an adult human within while the smaller cocoon had a baby. Inala slowly flew overhead the bigger cocoon and revealed himself, saying upon noticing a stir in the blood sea, "I'm Inala!"

Right as the eighty Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were about to attack him, there was a tinge of presence released by the bigger cocoon, calming them down. It cracked open a portion, revealing an eye behind as a familiar voice resounded, raspy, as if in slumber, "Why have you come here, Inala?"

"There's only two years left for the Third Major Disaster to begin," Inala said.

"I see," The voice belonged to Grehha, but seemed lazy as the crack on the cocoon began to close up, "Wake me up when it's time for the Fourth Major Disaster."

It then closed fully, leaving Inala to stare at the cocoon in awkwardness. A couple of minutes later, Inala muttered softly, "Come out, Grehha. We need to talk."

"All of us are going to attack Brangara now."

"Not really, I'm still accumulating strength." Grehha slowly moved his body, getting accustomed to the feeling as he lifted his head, asking as his expression turned sharp, "Please tell me everything that happened."

11:13

"Absolutely foolish," A crack formed on the cocoon once again as Grehha's voice resounded in irritation, "Why are you in a rush? Take your time, Inala."

"Unfortunately, we don't have the leeway anymore. Brangara will become too strong by the Fourth Major Disaster." Inala shook his head.

"Bullshit!" Grehha snorted from within the cocoon, "In a mere twenty-one years, you went from a nobody to becoming the Royal Zinger. Are you telling me that in another sixty years, you cannot become someone stronger than the Celestial Boar?"

"Orakha is dead," Inala sighed and said, "They've managed to fundamentally destroy him. even when Blola revived him, all that was revived was a mindless, vegetable."

"He's feasting on the entire Mammoth Clan as we speak, which is more than enough for him to attain the 10-Life Stage. If the Mammoth Clan hadn't been compromised, I too would have waited until the Fourth Major Disaster." Inala uttered slowly, taking measures to not agitate himself so that he wouldn't disturb the smaller cocoon that was gradually absorbing the presence unleashed by the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer.

"Damn, that happened?" The cocoon shattered fully as Grehha revealed himself, his presence retained within. His body was lean, unlike his usual muscular self. But as he exhaled softly, his muscles began to bulge until he looked like a bodybuilder who had fully bulked out using steroids.

He seemed extremely unstable as Inala was unable to get a solid grasp of Grehha's state, asking in worry, "Are you alright?"

"Not really, I'm still accumulating strength." Grehha slowly moved his body, getting accustomed to the feeling as he lifted his head, asking as his expression turned sharp, "Please tell me everything that happened."





Chapter 780  Digestive Cloning

780  Digestive Cloning

"I see, you've managed to capture a Celestial Boar body." Grehha muttered, his eyes twinkling in excitement as he stared at Inala, "Can you give me his stomach?"

"I can, but what do you need it for?" Inala asked, curious about what Grehha had planned. After all, since the very beginning, only Inala and Grehha had shared a similar thought process, intending to use versatility and swarm tactics to win against Brangara.

Due to their circumstances, Inala was forced to take an abundant number of risks, which also resulted in his growth spike. In contrast, Grehha lived a sheltered life in the Mammoth Clan, reducing his exposure and speed of growth. But at the end of the day, they were the ones whose thoughts were aligned on the same page. Grehha was the closest anyone in Sumatra got to being his friend.

"Isn't Brangara a Major Treasure?" Grehha asked, "And based on what you've found out, his stomach is the Major Treasure, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "It is indeed a Major Treasure. Which is why only one of its kind can exist per body."

"I thought so," Grehha nodded, "But I don't need Astral World itself, you see. I simply need his stomach."

His eyes glinted as he stared at Inala to ask, "Tell me this…Inala. If you were to extract Astral World out of Brangara's body, how long would it remain a Major Treasure?"

"Hahaha!" Inala burst into laughter and bumped his fist lightly on Grehha's chest, "You're right. Since it's his Tertiary Nature, the moment Astral World is extracted out of his body, it becomes a mere Celestial Boar stomach, and the real Astral World forms in his body the moment his stomach finishes regenerating."

The entirety of the Celestial Boar's power was concentrated in his stomach—the Astral World. Based on what Inala figured out, even if Brangara's heart and brain were destroyed, and all Prana in his blood extracted, as long as Astral World exists, he'll revive.

"I only require that stomach of his," Grehha nodded and pointed at the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer nearby, "Do you know what I intend to achieve through this?"

"A mutation of sorts, I guess?" Inala assumed as he stared at the Minor Treasure, "Though I'm not sure exactly what kind of mutation you're expecting here."

"Originally, I would be obtaining it in around two decades. That was my plan. But since things have changed too much, help me accelerate the process." Grehha asked, "The Celestial Boar's stomach is exactly what I require to hasten my build."

"Alright, give me a few minutes." Inala threw a Biome Bomb towards Grehha and vanished, stunning the latter. A few minutes later, he returned, carrying with him a new batch of Biome Bombs, contained in each was a Celestial Boar's stomach.

Grehha touched a Biome Bomb and trembled upon feeling the suffocating presence emanating it, enough to condense a faint image of a voracious mouth around it.

Grehha picked up one of the Biome Bombs and spoke, "The Celestial Boar is even greater than the Empyrean Boar King when it comes to consuming things and digesting. And such digestion capabilities are exactly what constitutionalises the foundation of Mystic Bone Art."

"The Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer was born out of a Mammoth Clansman." Grehha as he enveloped the Biome Bomb with an Empyrean Incubator, asking Inala to remove the Biome Bomb.

Once it had been removed, he immersed the Empyrean Incubator in the blood sea, watching it rapidly absorb the Prana collected in the blood and infuse Empyrean Tusk essence into the Celestial Boar stomach.

While doing so, he activated Mystic Bone Art, surprising Inala as the pillar of light emitted by the Minor Treasure gradually bent in response before funnelling into the Empyrean Incubator.

"How are you doing this?" Inala expressed his shock before he figured out the cause, 'It's exactly what I've done with the Royal Zinger genes for the Quip Clan.'

Mystic Royal Art was capable of accumulating Royal Zinger genes in the bodies of Quip Clansmen as they cultivate over time. And the greater the Royal Zinger gene accumulation, the stronger they would become.

Moreover, by using the Nectar procured from the Influenced Region of Sanctuary, he accelerated the acquisition of Royal Zinger genes, thereby allowing the Quip Clansmen to evolve to higher grades at a faster pace.

However, Mystic Royal Art in itself was derived from Mystic Bone Art and other cultivation techniques that Inala had acquired the knowledge of. Both Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art had a certain characteristic that manifested once the Clansman's gene accumulation had reached a certain level.

For the Mammoth Clansmen, it was the Fragment Disease. And for the Cooter Clansmen, it was the Buoyant Disease.

For a Mammoth Clansman, living with the Fragment Disease was no different from getting a dead sentence. After all, at the slightest exertion, their bones would shatter. However, this phenomenon happened only because they had enough genes to become an Empyrean Tusk but remained a human.

It was why when the Mystic Seven obtained Internal Inertial Gravity, their Fragment Disease was cured, which was also why Yennda's body remained brittle, for he never cured it until now.

"But brittle bones are the characteristic of an Empyrean Tusk. And when this is combined with Internal Inertial Gravity, you obtain the toughest material on all of Sumatra." Grehha smiled as he tapped himself, "I currently possess seventeen times the Empyrean Tusk genes I was born with."

Grehha grinned, "There's enough Empyrean Tusk essence in me that I can have four children who are Empyrean Tusks without crippling myself."

"You…have the Fragment Disease?" Inala muttered as he observed Grehha, feeling faint crunching sounds from the latter's body.

"Yes," Grehha smiled, "It has reached a point where even Internal Inertial Gravity cannot handle it completely, which is exactly what I want. Even though my physical body is weaker than when we were in the Spirit Stage, it allows me to do this…"

The pillar of light from the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer bent around him like a serpent, heeding his will, "My control over Mystic Bone Art has exceeded even Resha. Did you know this, Inala? Even Resha hasn't fully explored the possibilities present in Mystic Bone Art."

It was conceptualised out of the characteristics of an Empyrean Tusk. And the greater the Empyrean Tusk's characteristics, the stronger the effect of Mystic Bone Art. Since Corporeal Mixer was created out of a Mammoth Clansman, Grehha was able to influence it through Mystic Bone Art.

"Just watch me, Inala." Grehha smiled as the pillar of light continued to seep into the Empyrean Incubator, making changes to the stomach within, "My build takes a lot of time to show its effects. But it's perfect."

Grehha grabbed the Biome Bomb with the Celestial Boar's blood from Inala and dumped it into the blood sea, watching the Pranic Beasts there become high in response, intoxicated by the sheer quality of the blood.

Under his orders, they worked as intended, resulting in the Spirit Moss on the walls growing richer in quality, the changes visible to the naked eye. A few hours later, the Celestial Boar stomach had vanished within the Empyrean Incubator, replaced by a small, ivory stomach.

It continued to drink the Empyrean Tusk essence funnelling into it nonstop alongside the pillar of light unleashed by the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer, constantly mutating in response until it resembled the stomach of an Empyrean Tusk.

The moment it reached that point, Grehha poured his Prana into it, using it to regenerate the organ. From the stomach outgrew the food pipe at the top, and the small intestine at the bottom. Gradually, the entire digestive system appeared.

Thump! Thump!

A heart began to thump the moment it had formed, gradually developing everything else that happened to a baby in a womb. In a few hours, a small baby had appeared, gradually growing in size. It completed the growth a human baby—achieved through nine months in the womb—in nine hours.

Boom! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Grehha's body burst suddenly as the Empyrean Incubator cracked open, revealing the baby that was gently carried by a Pranic Beast that jutted out of the blood sea and presented to Inala.

[This is a new me!]

The pillar of light emitted by the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer curved around in the air to form a set of words. The Pranic Beast carrying the baby dripped a few droplets of blood into its mouth, little by little.

As the baby drank the drops, a powerful presence emanated from it, having activated Mystic Bone Art.

Ingestion! Digestion! Absorption! Assimilation! Ejection!

The five processes repeated in a cycle, at a rapid pace as the baby began to grow quickly, aging by a year every hour. A day later, the process ended as a young Grehha stood before Inala, muttering with an elated expression, "The Celestial Boar's body is a panacea. I've never finished this process so damn quickly."

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Viper!

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

'That was his original build.' Inala recalled Grehha's initial information, frowning upon observing no change in the latter, "Why are you the same? I thought you were about to change into a new form."

"If something isn't broken, don't fix it." Grehha chuckled, "When you woke me up, I was in the process of rebuilding a new body, so my Natures got messed up. I've simply stabilised myself now."

His Empyrean Incubator was pretty much created out of the Supreme Tusk Gannala's womb. And all Grehha did was basically close himself by taking advantage of the Life Stage.

All the bodies of a cultivator in the Life Stage, if within Spirit Weapon range, would synchronise with each other. By taking advantage of this process, Grehha cloned himself using the Empyrean Incubator and destroyed the old body right as the minds of the two synchronised with each other.

"Before you get disappointed, remember that I'm not going to fight Brangara like this." Grehha patted himself and created another Empyrean Incubator, repeating the previous process by placing a Celestial Boar stomach in it.

"Well, truth be told, I don't intend to fight him head-on. My only goal is to assist Resha. So," Grehha pointed at his Empyrean Incubator, "I need to clone myself multiple times with minimal genetic variations each time until I obtain my final result."

"Here, catch." Grehha called out as he threw a piece of bone at Inala, muttering right as the latter was about to catch it, "Watch out…it's kinda heavy."

"What the…?" Right as Inala was about to question Grehha, his hands caught the piece of bone, grunting as he was pulled to the ground due to its sheer weight, watching his fingers get crushed as they slammed into the ground.

'I might be in my human form, but it's the human form when I'm at the Mystic Grade. Moreover, the damaged portion is my fingers, which is where I'm at my toughest.' Inala alternated his gaze between the piece of bone and Grehha, asking a few seconds later, "Did you use…Internal Inertial Gravity?"

"What else?" Grehha laughed.

"This density is beyond what Internal Inertial Gravity can create. Maybe if it's at the Mystic Grade…" Inala stopped smiling, watching Grehha's smile widen in glee upon hearing his words. "Don't tell me…"

"My every cloning attempt is an extreme situation where I'm causing my Natures to adapt to my ever-growing Empyrean Tusk genetics." Grehha winked, "And you do know how Mystic Bone Art gives us the greatest possibilities for a mutation due to its digestion capabilities in an extreme state."

"You see…" Grehha let out a long breath as he stared at the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts around him, "When I read Sumatra Chronicles, what enamoured me the most, even beyond this incredibly terrifying but grand world was these majestic beings known as the Empyrean Tusks."

He joined his hands in prayer, expressing his awe, "There will come a point in the future where multiple Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts exist, including even Mystic Grade Pranic beasts. However, one thing will never change."

"On Sumatra, only two races are worthy enough to be worshipped as Deities."





