Chapter 661 Weaponised Staff

﻿﻿The body of Brangara sent flying to the Zahara Kingdom landed right as the figure of Yennda was on the verge of dissipating. Upon seeing that everyone was safe, Brangara condensed the Tangible Nature of a Razor Rat and hurled it in the direction of his other body.

A few seconds later, the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature noticed a tiny dot flying in its direction, visible clearly as it was spamming Shredded Lunge. The waves of Prana it generated faintly reached the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature as the Razor Rat dissipated.

The emitted presence was more than enough for Brangara to understand the situation at the Zahara Kingdom. Had the one hurled been a Shifting Ant Tangible Nature, it would mean that he would have to leave everything and tunnel his way to the Zahara Kingdom, for the situation there was serious.

But as the one hurled was a Razor Rat Tangible Nature, it implied that he could focus on shredding apart his opponents.

'My family is safe.' Brangara grinned at the information. As he was communicating with his own body, he could piece together the full information with minimal clues, for he understood himself the best.

'I need to act fast. They're all smart bastards!' Brangara thought, intending to capture Gannala when a massive Mystic Eater coiled around the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature's neck and began to rapidly melt through it.

A jet-black humanoid walked out of the ground amidst a pool of ink-black substance, leaping onto the Empyrean Snapper without hesitation. It was Orakha, having activated his Human Avatar to go all out.

While he had been camping underground, one of the Transcendent Eater's roots approached him and used a Bone Slip to communicate with him that Grehha had already died.

The third body of Blola, left behind at the Mammoth Clan had already begun reviving him. And as it could feel that Yennda too was no longer in Yarsha Zahara's control, it meant that he too was in a dying state.

That was a signal for Orakha to buy time for Gannala's escape. Orakha could revive without issues. Blola had a body kept safe at the Mammoth Clan. So, their priority was to ensure Gannala escaped.

As a result, now that they had achieved their objective and since Brangara's strength had jumped to an even higher level, Orakha emerged from his hiding spot to fight.

"Go!" Blola grunted as he sucked in the nutrients from underground and hurriedly condensed his second body.

His second body that had been sent to the Zahara Kingdom had committed suicide once its task had been completed. But the second body was barely revived when the remaining Transcendent Eater branches were shredded apart by bladed wings the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature generated.

"Run!" The shredded body of Blola was all that survived the attack. Gannala grabbed him after equipping herself onto the body of an Empyrean Zinger—that had the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity—and ran away.

"You're not getting away!" Brangara shouted as he appeared in his human form, only to see Orakha rush to his front. Immediately in response, Virala flickered to his back, joining hands to target him.

Unlike before when Brangara could only transform between Human and Celestial Boar forms, he had four options now—human form, Celestial Boar form, Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, and human form for the Tangible Nature.

The human form of the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature was achieved when he used Voracious Cultivator. It was significantly powerful from a functional standpoint, since it was no different from the human form of an Empyrean Snapper.

So, in that state, he could act as a human while wielding Subtle Terrain Domination to its full potential. However, the physical body was only at the Gold Grade, so it would be shredded apart when punched by Virala.

But the pros far outweighed the cons. After all, he could now assume four different forms, making it hard for his enemies to counter him. The Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature was especially useful, since it was a ginormous entity.

Its neck alone reached a length of 10 kilometres while its body covered an area of 16 square kilometres. It didn't have the mountain on its back, as that was an accumulated mineral deposit and not a part of its body.

But just its base body was so big that the moment Brangara assumed this form, the expansion in body size sent Virala and Orakha flying.

Boom!

Right as Orakha regained his orientation and assumed human form to jump onto the back of the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, intending to target the base of its neck to kill it, Brangara assumed human form and punched forth with all his might.

It was timed perfectly as the fist slammed into the Rutham armour covering his chest, resulting in a thunderous boom. The impact sent him skidding back hundreds of metres, forcing him to assume Empyrean Boar King form to plunge his hooves into the ground and absorb the momentum.

'Damn, that hurt like shit!' He thought and reverted to human form—Tertiary Body Stage 1 partial transformation of Brangara—promptly, intending to jump back into the fight, for he still had more to experiment with and finalise his plan of action for the future.

The Rutham armour covered his body as he took a step forward, gasping in shock to see cracks cover the armour before it shattered. 'I hadn't refined this armour much, but it's still made out of Rutham and was being reinforced by my psychokinesis!'

It was then he noticed the faint swirl of wind around Brangara's fists, 'I see, so that was the culprit.'

Brangara had punched plenty of times before, but the impact was only strong. His armour could withstand it since it was being reinforced by the psychokinesis of two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts.

So, when Brangara had done it once again, Virala hadn't paid it much heed and instead focused on his offence. That was his mistake, as the human form belonged to the Empyrean Snapper. Due to the influence of Astral World, it had the same appearance as Brangara.

If needed, Brangara could retract the influence and cause the human form to have the same appearance as the Empyrean Snapper during its younger days—when it lived at the Cooter Clan and hadn't assumed Empyrean Snapper form yet.

It wasn't just that, but through the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection, Brangara made the human form of the Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature appear like a real body and not the hazy, translucent form all Tangible Natures had.

At that moment, Brangara had unleashed all that, which was how he managed to fool Virala and destroy the latter's Rutham armour.

'He's begun to grow and mature as a Celestial Boar.' Virala frowned, 'He's just begun to use his powers in versatile forms.'

The moment he had the thought, Virala understood that his experimentation session had come to an end. He glanced at Orakha for a moment as the two made eye contact, understanding what needed to be done.

Without any hesitation, Orakha self-destructed, unleashing a sea of adhesive heat that latched onto Brangara while Virala assumed Mystic Ewworm form and plunged into the ground. He fled parallelly to Gannala, maintaining a distance of a kilometre from her, intending to rush to her rescue when necessary.

His expression hardened as Virala began to think of a plan to ensure Gannala's successful escape. From that point, it took less than twenty seconds for Brangara to destroy Blola's 2-Life Stage Transcendent Eater form and catch up to Gannala.

A hill came in her path as Gannala circled around it, using the two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity to flee at her top speed. She noticed Orakha revive next to Ruvva in her stomach biome, watching him hurriedly consume Parute Fruits to recover Prana in order to be able to battle once again.

She turned around and saw the figure of Brangara relentlessly in pursuit, 'His stamina outclasses me. If I want to flee away, then I have no other choice but to use it.'

'I didn't want to reveal it so soon. Yarsha might think of ways to counter it. Ugh!' She grunted in frustration for a moment before spitting out the Nature Weapon form of Mammoth Clansman Virala. She then took out the Gold Nature Weapon of Leech and the Gold Nature Weapon of Kinesis Deity to equip onto his Primary and Tertiary Nature slots respectively.

She took out a piece of her tusk and refined it through Mystic Bone Art, transforming it into a Storage Lantern, one with a cylindrical storage space spanning a cubic metre in volume. Externally, it looked like a shaft, spanning a length of twenty centimetres and a radius of two centimetres.

Affixed at the front of the shaft was Virala's Nature Weapon form, directly in contact with the space within. She grunted once and retracted all the information from Virala's mind space. This way, his blood no longer contained any information that Brangara could learn about by absorbing it through his Nature Weapon Minor Treasure of Blood Affection.

'The preparations are done.' Gannala thought as she filled the space within the shaft with a plethora of Nature Weapons that she had collected until now. With a thought from her, Virala's Nature Weapon glowed and condensed a sword of blood.

As a part of her immune system, the Mammoth Clan Virala was the closest extension of her body, as he had the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation. Unlike the rest of her immune system that she would have to concentrate to influence, Virala would conduct her thoughts seamlessly, like an extension of herself.

As a result, she could control him fully, taking complete advantage of his Empyrean Tusk brain. Through the Gold Nature Weapon of Leech, Virala's blood condensed into a sword and actively controlled it like a Spirit Weapon.

That was the power of the Decaleech, one elevated to the Gold Grade. It could freely manipulate the blood within its Spirit Weapon range as it pleases. But as she was just fleeing, that wasn't enough, which was why Gannala equipped the Gold Nature Weapon of Kinesis Deity onto Virala's Tertiary Nature slot.

Kinesis Deity could only be used to control Spirit Weapons made out of Rutham, so it didn't seem suitable at first glance. But Gannala was aiming at the increase in Spirit Weapon range granted by Kinesis Deity.

Now, Virala's Spirit Weapon range had increased from 180 metres to 1.8 kilometres. Holding the sword in hand, Gannala raced up a mountain, turned around abruptly once Brangara was within range and swung her sword.

The blood blade increased in length to reach 1.8 kilometres and cut into the body of Brangara, scattering only after managing to pierce halfway into his bone. Subtle Terrain Domination had disrupted the blood while his Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection dispersed the rest.

That was why the blood blade failed to sever through. But still, thanks to the concept of arc length, the speed of the tip of her blood blade was terrifying enough against even Brangara.

'It's still not enough.' Thinking as such, Gannala raced to the peak of the mountain that reached a height of twelve kilometres and plunged her blade into it, swapping Leech with Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel.

A tunnel formed to a depth of 1.8 kilometres as she jumped inside and closed the top, intending to flee in this form. The mountain was thick enough to buy enough time for Brangara to make his way through. Besides, it was connected to a mountain range, making it her best option to flee.

But right as the topmost portion of the mountain's tunnel closed up, Brangara entered, bellowing as he stared at Gannala, "I won't allow you to escape!"

"I know, so I came prepared," Gannala said, swapping Tunnel with the Gold Nature Weapon of Imprison. Immediately in response, aided by the range of Kinesis Deity, the mountain walls latched onto Brangara, constricting him at the spot.

In the shaft, the Nature Weapon of Tunnel was placed at the forefront, in contact with the Nature Weapon form of Virala. Right as she used Imprison, Gannala swapped the Natures Weapons of Tunnel and Imprison.

Another tunnel extended below her, reaching a depth of 1.8 kilometres as she continued to fall. She also worked on closing up the tunnel above her, relieved upon hearing Brangara's rageful screams as he worked on breaking the shackles through Subtle Terrain Domination. 'The rock is too thick around us. If he assumes Celestial Boar form or even the Empyrean Snapper form, his body is the one that'll get crushed as it expands. It'll also prevent him from chasing after me through the tunnel.'

She was experiencing free fall while he would have to crawl his way through Subtle Terrain Domination. Even if he used Drifting Tunnel, his range was limited to 180 metres. Moreover, even when stacked a dozen times, its effect still paled in comparison to her Mystic Grade Nature Weapon of Tunnel.

She angled the direction of the tunnel and continued to fall, diverting herself into the mountain range through a tube spanning a length of 3.6 kilometres, opening at the front and closing at the rear.

Soon, she was no longer able to hear the howls of Brangara as Gannala succeeded in her escape, 'Thankfully, I was prepared enough this time.'

She stared at the countless other Nature Weapons within the shaft that she hadn't used, 'This is amazing. I'll incorporate this technique into the Mammoth Treasury once I gain possession of it.'

Weaponised Staff!

Upon seeing that it was effective even against Brangara, she gave it a name and continued to flee.



Chapter 662 About Damn Time

﻿﻿Four Kilometres away from the mountain, Virala peeked out in his Mystic Ewworm form and observed the peak of the mountain behave like a fluid as Brangara crawled out.

His expression brimmed with frustration, having failed to capture Gannala. But other than that, it also shone with excitement, 'What has that fucker become enlightened about now?'

Virala observed for a mere three seconds before retreating deeper into the ground, unwilling to fuck around and find out. If there was one capability that he had polished, it was about sensing danger to his being. And now, he was feeling that sense of danger steadily climbing up.

He was no longer as confident as a few minutes ago when he was fighting Brangara in hand-to-hand combat. 'His growth potential is insane. The more we fight him prematurely with limited preparations, the more we fuel his growth.'

"Alas, this time was mandatory. Can't have two of us permanently become their lackeys, can we?" He muttered as he slithered deeper underground and surfaced at a spot ten kilometres away to gently peek at the mountain, observing a faint dot sliding down its sides to run in the direction of the Zahara Kingdom.

"Hopefully, such situations don't crop up too many times before the Fourth Major Disaster. I might run out of expendable cards to reveal eventually." He let out a mild sigh before breaking into laughter, "Still, I achieved most of my objectives with the Mammoth Clan using this situation to my advantage."

"Now, I should seriously focus on my development." His gaze was serious as he retreated into the ground and moved stealthily until he could surface at a safe spot and run in his human form.

One last time, he turned around to stare in the direction of the Zahara Kingdom, shook his head, and resumed his pace.

Sprinting across the fields, observing the traces he had left behind was Brangara, the grumpiness of failing to kill Gannala vanishing swiftly as he focused on the gains at hand. A stone slab acted as a surfboard as Brangara rowed across the region, treating the soil as water.

He assumed the human form of his Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, achieving stellar control over Subtle Terrain Domination as his speed increased further. 'Now I know why I have failed at destroying my enemies time and again. I'm like a toddler wielding a sword in terms of these abilities while my enemies are well-trained teenagers.'

'I need to seriously focus on training. Otherwise, when those guys arrive as adults in their prime after mastering their powers, I'll lose.' He finalised his thoughts. Until twenty-four years ago, he never had to use much of his power as the Empyrean Boar King.

He was an unmatched existence that stood at the pinnacle without leaving any room for contestation. So, Brangara never had to train like an average Free Human. But now, the situation was forcing him to get to the basics and hone his abilities like a below-average Free Human desperate for power.

One-on-one, he didn't fear anyone, 'Even with a single body, I ripped apart the 2-Life Stage Transcendent Eater in a mere ten seconds. Even if it takes root in the Brimgan Empire, I only need a few minutes to repeat the same. And if we're at a similar level in the Life Stage, I'll finish the fight even quicker.'

One-on-one, he didn't consider anyone his opponent, even the Royal Zinger. But if brute force alone could solve everything, he wouldn't have suffered defeat so many times, and especially witness the death of two of his beloved daughters.

Moreover, the dynamics of the Mystic Seven were pretty complicated at the moment. They were still in a contest of resources, fighting and allying as they deemed fit for the occasion. But during the Fourth Major Disaster, they wouldn't have any reason to fight each other.

No, they'll all be at their endgame builds, united as a singular force against him. The Mystic Seven would be jumping him exclusively. It was this notion that terrified him.

Each of the Mystic Seven had varying characteristics and levels of competency, but they were all capable of schemes. At the end of the day, despite his overwhelming powers, Brangara was one man.

Yarsha Zahara too was a Mystic Grade existence, but it was unsure if she could even attain the peak of the Body Stage by then. The Mystic Seven would be well advanced through the Life Stage or in the worst-case scenario, every single one of them would be at the 10-Life Stage.

In a one-on-one fight, he destroyed the Transcendent Eater in ten seconds. But when Gannala, Virala, Orakha, and Blola grouped up, he failed to kill any of them. Ignoring Gannala, he had only faced a team of three Mystic Paths.

And even then, he was forced to use two Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination to keep up with them. Then, it needn't be said about the resulting fight between him and the Mystic Seven during the Fourth Major Disaster.

'Both Resha and Inala are nowhere to be found. I have no means to figure out what they are up to.' Though he couldn't find them, Brangara knew very well that they were rapidly accumulating strength, preparing schemes, and gearing up counters against him.

Once he allowed Gannala to give him the slip, Brangara lost the initiative. Now, his only guarantee of coming across the Mystic Seven was during the Third Major Disaster. "It's a necessity for Yarsha."

Even if Yarsha Zahara continues to grow in strength, Brangara would be unable to rely upon her in his fight against the Mystic Seven. She would be busy fighting against competently powerful individuals such as Gannala, Raaha, Boul Brimgan, Harla Brimgan, and however many pinnacle enemies the Wean Clan makes in the future.

"The only way to overcome this situation is to create beneficial variables myself. I need to act upon my ideas immediately." He concluded by the time he arrived at the Zahara Kingdom.

He entered the Kingdom and observed the extent of damage, seeing soldiers use their Spirit Weapons to scrape off the layer of bone covering the houses and streets. This layer was unleashed by the Bone Vipers.

He turned his head and found a pile of Bone Vipers, focusing on them to see cuts formed by claws, 'So, the kitty cleaned up everything.'

By kitty, he meant the kinesis feline that Yarsha Zahara had stolen from Boul Brimgan, 'If only she could make it hers, then I'll be more assured in leaving things to her.'

"Your Majesty!" The soldiers stomped aloud and saluted upon seeing him.

"Continue with your work," Brangara waved his hand and leapt away from the place, allowing the soldiers to relax and work on the cleanup.

He noticed Bunakin Vara along the way and landed before the latter, "What's the extent of the damage?"

"We have plenty of destroyed buildings. But other than that, not a single individual was killed. We have thousands injured, but no fatalities." Bunakin Vara promptly kneeled and spoke with the utmost respect he could muster.

"No casualties?" He was stunned for a moment before chuckling, "Is that a flex?"

'So, these bastards have become confident enough to make a mockery of me without killing anyone, huh?' He was happy that none of his people, and especially his family was harmed. However, he felt a shameful slap to his ego that Gannala had been confident enough of her scheme that she rescued Grehha and Yennda without harming a single one of his people.

Had there been casualties, it would have made sense. His side was strong enough that they couldn't afford to pull their punches. But, a perfect sweep meant that Gannala, and by extension, the Mystic Seven considered his Kingdom's people a joke.

'I'm capable enough to enter your home, save my people, and create enough chaos while being perfectly in control of everything. Whether I want to kill or spare someone depends on my mood. I'm capable of all.' Brangara gritted his teeth, 'Is that what you wanted to convey to me, Gannala?'

Presence was emitted as the two bodies synchronised the accumulated influence on their being, as he could unleash his presence on all Tangible Natures stored in Astral World. So, Brangara was capable of finetuning the changes until both the bodies were in sync.

It took him less than ten minutes to make the correction as he took a few steps forward. Once the two bodies were Spirit Weapon range of each other, one of them vanished, stacking atop the other.

2-Life Stage!

"This wouldn't have been possible as the Empyrean Boar King." He muttered. The Celestial Boar was basically the Empyrean Boar King without the negative aspects. It also had some added advantages atop that.

Once his stacked pair of bodies were in harmony with each other, he entered the palace and stared at the second-

generation Wean Clansmen and their respective parents, nannies, etc.

"You're not hurt, right?" He approached a pregnant Barla and asked with concern, "How's the condition of the baby?"

"There are no issues for the time being. But I consumed a weird substance released by the Transcendent Eater." Barla expressed her anxiousness, "Mother is currently researching about it."

"Stay strong, my daughter. We'll solve any problems without issues." Brangara hugged her and patted her lightly, "I have the means to do so."

"Okay," Her expression visibly relaxed as Barla developed a peaceful grin.

Brangara entered the laboratory, only to see a beaker fly his way, followed by an enraged Yarsha Zahara's shout, "I told you guys to not disturb me!"

"It's me." Brangara caught the beaker and observed a murky green substance coated on its insides.

"Did you…catch Gannala?" Yarsha Zahara asked, sporting some hope upon seeing his light-hearted expression.

"Nope, she's slippery." He shook his head and approached her, glancing at the apparatus before her, "So, what was the substance fed to our kids?"

"It's a Parute King Fruit extract, supposedly. But its potency is too high." Yarsha Zahara expressed her worry, "It's stronger than a High-Grade Elixir."

"Then, isn't it a good thing?" Brangara said, "I checked upon Barla's condition just now. She has grown further as compared to a few hours ago."

"But what if there's some hidden effect?" Yarsha Zahara grunted, "If it's supposed to take effect just like what Yennda placed on our children at the Brimgan Empire, we wouldn't be able to save them. Blola doesn't pull his punches like Yennda does."

"Share with me all the details from the incident," Brangara said and grabbed the Information Slip Yarsha Zahara gave him, one recording the entire fight from the start of the meteor strike to Brangara's return.

He observed the substance secreted by the Transcendent Eater and focused on the latter for a few minutes before giving his verdict, "You needn't worry. Its intended purpose is to act as a superior High-Grade Elixir. The Transcendent Eater is incapable of producing toxins or any damaging products. This substance was clearly secreted by it, so it's safe for consumption."

"How…are you sure?" Yarsha Zahara frowned, "And what exactly was that substance?"

"Well, think of the substance as a diluted version of Parute Fruits that Transcendents consume." Brangara smiled, "To us, it'll be a powerful lure, nothing more, nothing less."

He then snapped his finger and caused the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection to appear beside him, "I absorbed a lot of the Transcendent Eater's blood through this guy. I managed to gather some information from it, which is how I know what that substance is."

"Phew!" Yarsha Zahara let go of her hold over a test tube and slumped on a nearby chair, "I was stressed with worries! Thank goodness!"

"Which brings me to something I want to do with you." Brangara said and approached Yarsha Zahara, gently grabbing her hands while sporting a smile, "I gained enlightenment about something."

"Though they're also your children, I think you'll have a happier time having a Free Human child." Brangara closed in on her, "What do you say? The child will be similar to the Royal Guard but superior in every single way."

"You won't have to shoulder all the burden of managing the Varahan Empire alone. I can guarantee you that they'll take off half your workload and truly enrich the Wean Clan, to an extent surpassing the both of us." He said, staring at her expectantly, inching his face to her for a kiss, "So…"

"It seems you've finally done justice to that Mystic Grade brain of yours. About damn time!" Yarsha grabbed his face hard and swooped in for a kiss, almost gobbling up the latter as she became more enthusiastic than him at doing the deed.



Chapter 663 The Chosen One: Child of the Heavens

"So, can you tell me more about your intentions?" Yarsha Zahara asked, two days later, "I was a bit too excited about having a child more like me."

'It seems you longed for one of your kind, even though you never expressed it.' Brangara thought as he lay on the bed beside her, understanding that Yarsha Zahara was a Free Human, and one proud of her identity.

It was originally a deal between the two to further the benefits of each side. Through her, Brangara obtained talented offspring. And through him, Yarsha Zahara gained a future for her home.

Though she loved her children, they were Wean Clansmen at the end of the day. She was unable to teach them much in regards to cultivation, since they didn't have a Human Avatar. Yarsha Zahara hardly had free time to think about such things, but she indeed felt unsatisfied a bit.

But despite that, she never expressed anything related to it, aware that her side benefited tremendously, greater than Brangara. Just that fact that she entered Mystic Grade alone was greater than anything she had given him.

After all, the mineral she needed to build a Mystic Grade Human Avatar was Sumatra Gold, produced exclusively by Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. Brangara was the one who gave her the necessary amount and constantly roamed the Sumatra Continent in search of more.

However, when Brangara himself raised the topic, she couldn't be more overjoyed. It had been two days since then, the duo were immersed in the deed, having been a while since they last joined.

"The Transcendent Eater is able to revive the Mystic Seven." Brangara began to speak, "Renduldu had placed its seed as a hidden encounter. Since it was detailed in Sumatra Chronicles, he was confident that at least one of the Mystic Seven would obtain it. But at the same time, he was apprehensive about using its power too."

"Yeah, I felt it clearly when I fought him two days ago." Yarsha Zahara nodded, "Only Mystic Grade existences can face a Transcendent Eater. Everyone else is mere prey to its power."

"True," Brangara nodded, "And Blola isn't even a full-fledged Transcendent Eater."

"Did you uncover some secret related to it?" Yarsha Zahara asked in excitement.

"It's not a secret or anything. We're simply unaware of it as we don't have any means of contact with the Transcendent Worlds." Brangara shook his head and said, "In terms of power, the Transcendent Eater is equivalent to a Mystic Transcendent. A genuine Transcendent Eater buries its roots in the Sandy-Grey Void, treats it as nutrients, and generates an unimaginable amount of energy."

He pointed at the skies, "All the Transcendents originating from Sumatra Continent barely managed to subdue a Transcendent Eater and are gaining energy from it for their activities. I couldn't find out anything else since my Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection isn't strong enough."

"But that's not the point I'm getting at." He chuckled and made eye contact with Yarsha Zahara, "A proper Transcendent Eater can revive any existence it devours. It not only controls them but also has all their information. It's an uncontrollable existence, which is why Renduldu added multiple layers of defences to its power."

"When Blola reaches the 10-Life Stage, he'd awaken to its true powers. In a night, he'd become capable of consuming the entirety of Sumatra Continent." Brangara said, "It's here that I got my idea. What if we do the same?"

"What do you mean by that? I'm confused," Yarsha Zahara felt a headache, "Are you claiming to have gained possession of the Transcendent Eater's power or something?"

"No, nothing of the sort." Brangara chuckled and brought out the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection, "This guy is pretty special, you see. I'm currently storing it in my Astral World, but when I fuse it into anyone else, it'll fuse with their blood."

"Yes, I'm already aware of that." Yarsha Zahara retorted, "It's rare that a Minor Treasure can fuse with the blood instead of a bone or organ, but it's not unheard of. The Seat of Transcendence supposedly fuses with the blood too. There might be other Minor Treasures out there that can fuse with the blood, since we even have a Major Treasure doing the same."

"Major Treasures influence the environment, so they have no use on living beings." Brangara didn't mind her retort and instead became happier, "But Minor Treasures influence the living beings. Moreover, mine isn't a mere Minor Treasure."

He condensed the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection beside him. It sported the appearance of a Decaleech, somewhat translucent when compared to the original. It let out a mild purr in response to his touch, "This one is alive."

His figure vanished suddenly as the Decaleech became strong in response. He had fused with its body. Another moment later, it assumed human form, stunning Yarsha Zahara, "Are you getting my point now?"

"You're…" Yarsha Zahara stopped speaking, feeling her brain go into overdrive as a vast reserve of information became active in her mind space. It clashed and combined, generating new ideas as she recalled every point that could hint at what Brangara was talking about.

The first existence that came to her mind was Bunakin Vara, the Leader of the Royal Guards. The material he built his Human Avatar with was Vara sourced from the Celestial Boar's tusks.

Free Humans who build Human Avatars out of Vara sourced from Empyrean Boars gained the Primary Nature of Gracious Inheritance. It allowed them to receive Natures from Empyrean Boars and store them in their Human Avatars.

But generally, they refrained from storing too many strong Natures at the Silver Grade and above, for the generated influence would impact their body and minds terribly. And in terms of usage, they could use the Natures similar to Empyrean Boars.

They couldn't activate more than one Nature at a time.

But the Royal Guards were different. By building Vara sourced from the Celestial Boar, they gained the Primary Nature of Blessed Inheritance, which allowed them to activate more than one Nature at a time.

They couldn't stack the effects of Nature like Astral Chart, but just being able to activate multiple Natures made them versatile cultivators.

Inheritance! That was the effect of the mineral named Vara.

The Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection was capable of absorbing the blood of others. It had the memories, characteristic traits, and disposition as when it was alive. It was capable of sentient thoughts and expressing itself emotionally, since it was once a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

Through the effect of Voracious Cultivator, Brangara could make it assume human form after he fused with its body. He could also erect the influence of Astral World onto it. And, through its power, he could make it absorb his bone marrow, and gather it into itself for a while…

"You plan to give our child a Human Avatar Minor Treasure with the power of Vara and Bloody Affection!" Yarsha Zahara exclaimed.

"You mentioned that Ruvva was born with 100 units of Prana." Brangara nodded, "The moment the child begins to grow in you, I'll fuse the Minor Treasure in their blood. Through its power, the child will absorb your blood and grow even further. Before birth, they'll enter the Body Stage and be born with a Human Avatar."

"A Human Avatar with power unlike anything else on Sumatra." Brangara exclaimed, "After all, as their body forms in your womb, the Minor Treasure's influence will shape them up through its influence. And they'll inherit all the intelligence possessed by the Minor Treasure."

"The Minor Treasure won't simply fuse into their body…" Yarsha Zahara guessed his thought, "It'll become one with our child. No, our child will be a Free Human with a Minor Treasure Human Avatar."

"Yes," Brangara smiled upon seeing Yarsha Zahara's expression light up at his words, "Our child won't be a Mystic Grade existence, but they'll be more valuable than one."

'It seems he has lots of worries.' Yarsha Zahara observed Brangara's face and gently placed her palm on his cheek, "Are you…afraid of dying?"

Brangara fell silent at her question for a good minute. Slowly, his expression fell as his eyes turned moist, "I fear leaving you all behind. I want to believe that I'm strong enough to face everything, but I wish to be prepared. After all,"

He sighed and stared at the sky, "I don't know what the fuck is happening, but every time I go all out and unleash a pillar of light into the sky, something is happening out there, something beyond my understanding."

"The Mystic Seven will be the least of our worries once whatever is happening out there reaches us. That's what I feel." He smiled weakly, "That's why, no matter how strong I become, I am never able to feel confident enough to protect our family."

"I wish our child could take up that mantle," He said, "Even in a future long past our deaths."

A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast could live up to 10,000 years. Though it was a significant amount of time, in the grand scheme of things, it merely amounted to an era on the Sumatra Continent.

Even if Brangara wins the fight against the Mystic Seven, his era will eventually come to an end. If he manages to become a Transcendent, he'll watch over the Wean Clan from the Transcendent Worlds.

But, that didn't mean much. After all, even though the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clans have Transcendents, none were able to stop him, whether in Sumatra Chronicles or here. So, he felt that there were restrictions put on Transcendents that prevented them from interacting with Sumatra Continent.

Therefore, he needed someone to guide the Wean Clan. To date, everything that he had Yarsha Zahara was doing amounted to short-term measures. There were just too many risks accompanying them that they couldn't think about long into the future.

But that line of thought needed to be changed, which was why Brangara was laying down a seed for the future, one that would ensure the continued existence of the Wean Clan long into the future when Brangara and Yarsha Zahara were either dead or had become Transcendents.

The duo talked about various things for a long time, pooling all their knowledge in an effort to perfect their plan. "And, there'll be a connection between us and our child."

"I see," Her eyes widened in shock before settling down, realising what Brangara was getting at, "It'll be similar to Gracious Inheritance and Blessed Inheritance, huh?"

"Yes," Brangara nodded, "In the likelihood of our deaths, I want our child to inherit our powers. But to cement this setup means that…"

"I understand," Yarsha Zahara nodded, conflicted for a while before she gradually firmed her mind, "This will be our final child."

"Body, Mind, and Soul…Prana is more complex than I initially thought." He said, chuckling helplessly, "The more I understand it, the more I realise that I understand nothing about it."

"Life's a journey," Yarsha Zahara nodded, "You needn't endure the stress alone. I'll be there, accompanying you every step of the way. We'll unearth all the secrets of Prana together."

The duo remained in a hug for a few minutes before separating. Yarsha Zahara glanced at the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection, "You went through a lot of trouble growing it to that level."

"It's alright," Brangara laughed, "I can grow another one of them in the future. It'll take fewer resources this time, since I can equip myself onto them and make them grow like a cultivator progressing through the Life Stage."

The duo hadn't realised the truth, but what they were attempting was similar to a Mystic Path, one significantly more complex and developed than the Mystic Paths in the Mystic Seven. After all, the one they were creating would be growing simultaneously by absorbing the experiences of both Brangara and Yarsha Zahara.

It would be an unrivalled existence, the first one on Sumatra to be born between Mystic Grade parents, and the only one ever likely to appear. After all, once they birth the child, Brangara and Yarsha Zahara will become incapable of spawning progeny. They were using up all their fertility to spawn a future for the Varahan Empire.

In essence, a chosen one.



Chapter 664 I’m Your Deity

﻿﻿It had been five days since their attack on the Zahara Kingdom. Virala was strolling through the wilds, eyeing the elevated plateau forming the Guna Caves over the horizon.

He intended to establish a Kingdom at the now-empty Dralh Sea. But first, he had to scout the region and understand its ins and outs first. And most of all, he had to map out the concentration of a certain mineral deposit across the region.

Currently, he had been resting, collecting his thoughts before intending to dive down underground in his Mystic Ewworm form. But right as he had rested, he felt a mild spike in presence, turning around to stare at the figure of Orakha that had revived.

His expression was tired as Orakha stared at Virala and exhaled softly, stating after observing the latter's composure, "I've just brought Ruvva to the Brimgan Empire. She's now in the custody of Harla Brimgan."

"I see…" There was a flash of disappointment in his eyes before Virala nodded, slouching a bit in response, "What was her expression?"

"She's thrilled, honestly." Orakha said, noticing Virala burst out into laughter in response, "I can bring you to her if you want."

"That'll be alright." Virala waved his hand as he regained his composure, "It's safer at the Brimgan Empire for the time being. I'll reclaim her once I create a safe haven for her. She can have fun until then."

"You're not worried about her?" Orakha asked.

"I didn't create her as the pinnacle of Free Humans to constrict her freedom." Virala expressed arrogantly, "You won't even be able to fathom the precious resources I poured into her birth. She's someone who can live as she pleases. And no one else will be able to tell her otherwise."

He calmly stared at Orakha and asked, "How many times do you think Gannala tried to convince or brainwash her?"

"She didn't do…" Orakha spoke instinctively.

"Cut the crap," Virala shrugged, "I have a fair understanding of her disposition. I know she must have attempted all sorts of methods to keep Ruvva subservient to the Mammoth Clan. So, just tell me the truth."

"Many times," Orakha scratched his cheek, "I don't know the exact number though."

"See," Virala laughed in response, "And nothing changes, right? Ruvva is still herself."

He casually folded his hands on his back and lay on the ground, "That's what it means to be a Mystic Human. We're free from all foreign influences to an extent we're also fairly resistant to the effects of Natures."

His tone grew in confidence, "And the resistance Ruvva has is the strongest. Adding onto her natural strength, she's unstoppable."

'So, that's why Gannala was struggling to keep her contained. Even at such a young age, she's strong.' Orakha thought.

"Moreover," Virala stared at Orakha and laughed, "Your Minor Treasure is still in her, right? In the worst-case scenario, you're there to protect her."

"So, I'm not worried about her wellbeing."

"Alright," Orakha sighed and waved his hand, "I just wanted to inform you about your daughter's situation. I'll be leaving tomorrow."

"Oh, actually," Virala got up and blinked with puppy eyes, "I need some help from you."

"Not for free," Orakha snorted.

"I'll strengthen your physical body." Virala said and took out his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp, "Its effect is greater than the golden giant. With this, even your human body can become strong."

"You can use it for as much as you help me." Virala's eyes glinted as he asked, "So, what do you say?"

"You have a deal," Orakha accepted the proposition and got to the point immediately, "What do you need from me?"

"I need you to make a map of this mineral deposit across the Dralh Sea," Virala said and took out a bluish-pink crystal that seemed to have trapped faint light within.

"What is this mineral?" Orakha condensed a Mystic Eater and felt the mineral with it, uttering his conclusion, "This is a mere Iron Grade mineral. What do you intend to do with it?"

"I'll be refining a Gold Grade mineral through it." Virala explained himself, "The Brimgan Royals refine the Iron Grade mineral, Kirenal into the Gold Grade mineral, Rutham through Gold Kinesis Art. This mineral can similarly be refined to the Gold Grade. Its potential is on par with Rutham."

"A mineral similar to Kirenal and something you can find here…" Orakha looked around as his eyes lit up in recognition, "Isn't this Zarzelite?"

"So you've heard about it," Virala nodded, "Can you map out this region of its deposit?"

"Across the entire Dralh Sea?" Orakha stared at Virala and watched the latter nod in response, cursing promptly, "Are you mad?"

"Do you even know how big the Dralh Sea is? Not to mention its depth?" Orakha shouted, "Zarzelite is only present deep in the Dralh Sea's seabed and can only be mined during the Death Hour. Only the Cooter Clan has the capability to mine it in large scale."

"If not for that, the Brimgan Empire would have established a Kingdom over this region long ago."

"I only need you to map out its deposit concentration in this region." Virala shrugged, "I can mine it on my own. I won't be asking you to do that, so why are you getting riled up."

"Whatever," Orakha snorted, "I'm not complaining as long as I'm benefitting from the deal."

"Alright…" Orakha's eye twitched as his sentence was caught midway in his throat. A gust of air slammed into his face as Virala transformed into the Empyrean Boar King and raced towards the Dralh Sea. "He's fast."

'Things will be great if I could make business dealings with all the Mystic Paths like this.' Orakha clenched his hand into a fist, 'My physical body has been my weakness. But with Virala's help, I grow in strength. It'll be helpful once I target Raaha's Gold Empyrean Tentacle.'

"Anyway," He let out a long breath and looked around, "This will take a while to map out."

He began to spawn Mystic Eaters, using a portion of them to consume the Spirit Containers of nearby Pranic Beasts to replenish his Prana and continue creating Mystic Eaters. Once spawned, the Mystic Eaters formed groups and drilled into the grounds, searching for traces of Zarzelite through their senses.

In the meantime, Virala reached Leh Island and approached its underground mine. The entrance was bolted with a large granite. It was covered with cut marks but hadn't been destroyed.

He observed it for a few seconds before assuming Mystic Ewworm form to head underground. Followed by a curve, he moved past the entrance and appeared within the mine, being met with an intense stench immediately after.

He reverted to human form and walked through the mine, discovering semi-decomposed Free Human corpses. Some had bit marks, made from human teeth while others seemed to have been stabbed by a pickaxe.

All the Free Humans in the mind reared an Ewworm in their rectum that grew a pickaxe at the end of its tail. It was these Ewworm that mined for minerals while the function of the Free Human was only to stand around and watch.

Once enough quantity of minerals had been mined, they would transport them to the designated locations. Unfortunately for them, the Cooter Clan had developed the Ewworms in such a way that they couldn't leave their respective island.

As a result, once the Cooter Clan branch had been destroyed, the Free Humans at Leh Island couldn't flee anywhere else. Even before that, their conditions hadn't been optimal as the Cooter Clan moved to the Brimgan Empire when the Major Treasure of Attribute had revealed itself.

Except for the Cooter Clansmen left in charge of the islands, everyone else had gone to the Brimgan Empire. Their return took too much time, by which, the Dralh Sea was taken over by the Phells and the Bludders.

The Cooter Clansmen left on the islands did their best to defend their posts, but eventually, they isolated themselves in safety. Left with no other choice, the Free Humans could only block the entrance and huddle inside, waiting for the day the Immortals would return to their rescue.

'Seems they resorted to cannibalism due to a lack of food.' Virala thought as he arrived at a room and observed a withered man, "So, you were the one to die last."

Even the one who ate the corpses of others died of hunger eventually. There was no food within the mines while the outside was too dangerous. Even the oldest among the Free Humans in the mines barely had Prana in the double digits.

They couldn't dare think of facing even a single Phell or Bludder, not to mention a horde of them.

"This island has nothing." Virala commented once he inspected the entire mine and exited it, making way to the closest island, "Let's hope at least a few Free Humans survived on the bigger islands."

Eventually, he arrived at Tez Island, one of the largest islands in the Outer Region of the Dralh Sea. He entered its mine and became happy immediately after, seeing dozens of sunken eyes stare his way.

"You're safe now!" He shouted at the top of his lungs, with enough force to reverberate across the entirety of the mine. He covered himself with Rutham armour that glistened in the dark, illuminating the haggard faces of the trapped Free Humans.

"A…ah…ahhh!" A middle-aged woman broke into tears and prostrated on the ground, "Finally, the Immortals have arrived to give us salvation!"

"Thank goodness! Finally!"

"Praise the Immortals!" One after another, the despair-ridden faces of all the Free Humans burst with hope as they all prostrated on the ground. Hearing their relieved voices, even more Free Humans gathered at the place, displaying their respects immediately after.

"Immortals?" Virala's loud snort reverberated across the mine, rumbling the skeletons of the kneeling Free Humans. "You're comparing me to mere baldies?"

"You dare?" His voice contained anger as a voracious amount of presence wafted out of his being, terrorising everyone. To the Free Humans who were merely at the Spirit Stage, the presence Virala unleashed, even when controlled, was overwhelming.

To avoid killing them, he controlled himself, approaching the closest woman upon retracting his presence. A subtle fluctuation entered her body from him, unleashed through the Mystic Human Stamp, invigorating her.

Feeling strength fill her weak body, the woman was surprised before bursting with zealousness as she stared up and observed the radiating figure of Virala, "W-Who are you, my Lord?"

"Your Deity!" Virala replied, revealing a graceful smile.



Chapter 665 This Deity Claims This Land

﻿﻿"Your Deity!" Virala's voice resounded with power. His declaration was like rainfall on draught-filled lands. The minds of all the Free Humans were strained from being forced to starve in the mines. They lost all faith and hope in the Cooter Clan Immortals, having resorted to cannibalism eventually.

Tez Island was very large and hence, it had a significant stockpile of food within the mines itself. The Free Humans had earned a sufficient amount, not to mention growing some crops in the cleared-out upper channels of the mines.

Even after the recent string of events, with the Cooter Clansmen posted at their island fleeing after the annihilation of the Cooter Clan at the hands of Brangara, the situation within the mine hadn't progressed to the extent like in Leh Island.

The Free Humans had resorted to cannibalism, but it was still in the initial stages. 'They suffer from guilt. That's enough. They haven't gone past the past of no return yet.'

Had he been a week or two late, the people in the mines would have partaken in more cannibalism, which would have fully eroded their moral compass. If that happens, they would serve no constructive use for the Kingdom that Virala intended to erect here.

"Listen!" Virala announced, "Your so-called Immortals are mere Cooter Clansmen. They're not Free Humans."

He pointed at the prostrating group of people, "You all are different from each other. To date, you have been weak, and hence, you were ruled by the Cooter Clan. But that all will change if you're daring enough."

He extended his hand and announced, "If you have the guts, take my hand and you'll gain the power of the Deities. Only the most daring of Free Humans has a chance of being a Deity, one who can treat the Cooter Clan as dirt."

"Is anyone with enough guts here?" He took a few steps back and caused his Mystic Human Stamp to bloom on the ground. It gradually expanded until it spanned a metre in size. Once fully in bloom, it began to condense Iron Fruits.

It cost Virala 300 Prana per Iron Fruit, so he stopped after making twenty Iron Fruits, 'I can make more when needed.'

"If you wish to become a Deity, consume a fruit." He didn't say anything else and simply observed the group, 'Only someone strong of will can succeed in becoming a Mystic Human. There's no use in convincing them to consume it. They'll just die and waste my efforts.'

There were over four thousand Free Humans in his vicinity. If even a single Mystic Human appears from them, Virala would be more than content. The chances of a Free Human becoming a Mystic Human were just abyssal.

'Since these Free Humans haven't practiced any cultivation techniques, they have a higher chance of success.' Even with that, he considered it his win if even a single Mystic Human emerged from the lot.

For regular Free Humans, there was a one-in-ten thousand chance of success. And the higher the Free Human's cultivation and the stronger the influence on them from their Human Avatar, the lower their chance of becoming a Mystic Human.

'Only someone strong of will and wishes to be above others, unfettered, can become a Mystic Human.' He thought and observed in silence. He activated his Secondary Body Stage 2 partial transformation of Tail, causing the Mystic Ewworm tail to expand in length and exit the mine.

A dozen seconds later, it returned, having skewered a couple dozen Phells from the sides of their bodies. He avoided touching their needle-shaped noses to prevent them from exploding and crushed their brains first.

Blood dripped across his tail as he opened his mouth and chomped upon a Phell. He noticed the gazes of the starved Free Humans fall on him, in shock and awe, "You can also do this if you succeed."

"At most one or two can succeed, so don't complain that I didn't warn in advance." Virala said calmly, "For the rest, you can live for a year after consuming a fruit."

"Will I…will I be fed for the year?" A seventeen-year-old boy stood up weakly and asked, "Whether I succeed or not, will I be fed for a year?"

"Yeah," Virala shrugged casually as he pointed at his tail, "It takes me a couple of seconds to feed the lot of you."

"I…I wish to try it!" The boy shouted with a burning desire, "My Deity! I'll succeed, no matter what!"

"If you're confident, go ahead." Virala continued to gorge on the corpse of the Phell, causing more of its scent to waft into the mine.

Saliva formed in the parched mouths of the Free Humans who gulped at the scent of food, unable to control themselves. However, the mild presence generated by Virala kept their feet tied, preventing them from doing anything without his permission.

The seventeen-year-old boy approached the Mystic Human Stamp and prostrated before it devotedly. He then kneeled on the ground with respect and carefully inched his hand forward, unwilling to dirty the pristine object before him, and delicately picked up an Iron Fruit.

He stared at it in a daze, sniffing to inhale an aromatic scent that allured him. He was desperate due to hunger, but the sight of Virala casually skewering dozens of Phells became rooted in his mind, 'I want to be that powerful one day!'

Groomed by the Cooter Clan, he had no knowledge about the outside world. For as long as he could remember, he was stuck in this mine, alternating between his resting spot and mining spot day after day.

He wished to live! To achieve something beyond his mundane existence!

'My Deity is special!' He thought, glancing at the shiny figure of Virala, 'His presence is thousands of times greater than all the Immortals combined.'

He bowed towards Virala and swallowed the Iron Fruit, feeling a warm sensation as the pulp arrived at his stomach. Once the digestion process began, faint Prana fluctuations emanated from him as Mystic Nature Art began to condense in his mind space.

"Focus on the information." Virala's voice resounded in his mind, "Seek the change, accept the change, and harmonise with the change. You'll find yourself standing above all existences on Sumatra,"

"As a Mystic Human!"

It was a message encoded within the Iron Fruit. Alongside Mystic Nature Art was a recorded voice from Virala. Once the data appeared in his mind space, the boy heard the voice.

"Mystic Human…!" The boy muttered, feeling his Prana levels increase steadily. And as it did, he noticed that the level of respect he had for the Cooter Clan Immortals was rapidly decreasing.

The Ewworm fused with his rectum spurred into action, struggling as its body began to decompose from within. It struggled, intending to survive, but the effects of the Iron Fruit enveloped it and began to kill it, all because it had fused with the boy's rectum.

The brainwashing done by the Cooter Clan was coming undone as the boy felt strange, experiencing a new perspective. Slowly, everything foreign influencing him was getting erased bit by bit as his Prana values continued to increase.

By then, the boy either enters the Body Stage and fuses with the bodies of two Pranic Beasts or dies.

"You won't experience any pain or suffering." Virala announced, "Try your best to succeed."

"C-Can I try it too?" A middle-aged woman in the foremost row got up and requested, approaching the Mystic Human Stamp upon receiving Virala's permission. She too consumed an Iron Fruit and began to experience the associated changes, cursing a couple minutes later, "Those damn Cooter Clansmen abandoned us!"

"Has that woman gone mad?"

"Why is she cursing the Immortals?"

"She finally lost it!"

The people clamoured in shock, for it was beyond their wildest dreams to see someone curse the Cooter Clansmen. To them, even being talked to by a Cooter Clansman was a joyous occasion. Their minds failed to comprehend what they were hearing from the middle-aged woman.

'Is that how I was until now?' The middle-aged woman thought as she stared at the others, her expression one of pity. She then approached the seventeen-year-old boy and asked, "Do you mind sharing your experiences?"

"All the information is flowing into my head, but I'm still nervous."

"It's the same for me," The boy nodded, "But as long as I think about it, the cultivation technique acts accordingly. It's amazing!"

"This is for the two of you, as promised." Virala laid the corpse of a Phell before each of the duo, "You'll have your fill for the next year."

Seeing the duo being fed food, many others stepped up to the task.

"My Deity! Can I try it too?" Another Free Human got up, unable to endure the hunger anymore. Once he did, many others expressed their desire, wishing to eat their fill for at least a year instead of starving to their deaths.

"Anyone brave enough can attempt it." Virala nodded and steadily increased the number of Iron Fruits on the Mystic Human Stamp. His tail continued to catch Phells for his consumption. Aided by the digestion capacity of both the Empyrean Boar King and Mystic Ewworm, his recovery speeds were more than enough to create the Iron Fruits.

As these Free Humans had never cultivated a cultivation technique, the influences on their being were minimal. It would be ejected in a matter of days. Hence, Virala didn't have to create Silver Fruits. They would only be necessary for Free Humans who already had Human Avatars.

After the first few days, once all the influence on them was erased, it would only be a matter of the Free Humans being able to enter the Body Stage. They should be competent enough to strengthen their Spirit Containers through Mystic Nature Art, enough to forge a strong enough foundation and then fuse the 100 Spirit Containers into a singular whole.

As long as they reach the Body Stage, they'd succeed, even if there was less than a day left for a year to pass. Virala would be ready with the Pranic Beast bodies that they could fuse with.

Eventually, everyone consumed an Iron Fruit, even if their incentive was only to sate their hunger. Virala didn't care about their intention. It only mattered to him whether they could become Mystic Humans or not.

"I'll visit once a month to bring you food." Virala said and piled a mountain of Phell corpses within the mine, "There's more than enough for the lot of you to eat for a month. I'm sure you know how to store meat for so long. Work hard and try your best to reach the Body Stage within a year!"

He then closed the entrance to the mine and swam his way to the next island, repeating the same with the survivors there. Most of the small islands had no survivors, with their numbers on the medium islands ranging from a dozen to a hundred.

Large islands like Tez Island had survivors ranging in the thousands. By transforming his Mystic Ewworm's Tool—made using Rutham—into a pair of fins, Virala swam at a rapid pace in his Mystic Ewworm form.

By the third day, he had perfected the shape of the fins, increasing his speed to the maximum possible level. He spent less than two hours on an island and travelled to the other islands immediately after.

When the distance to traverse was large, he left the Dralh Sea, assumed Empyrean Boar King form, and raced along the edges, covering the necessary distance. Following that, he entered the Dralh Sea in Mystic Ewworm form.

This way, he shortened his travel time further. Two months later, he had encircled the Dralh Sea twice, ensuring that he didn't miss any island. He also checked up on the islands during the second round and observed their progress, pleasantly surprised with the results, 'It seems they have been more starved for a better lifestyle than I had expected. That's to my benefit.'

He noted close to eight individuals at Tez Island who were on the right path to becoming Mystic Humans. Satisfied with the results, he completed his rounds and left the Dralh Sea, making way to a large, artificially constructed island on a large lake.

The island was filled with children and young adults, numbering close to four million. They were all Free Humans, reared by the Cooter Clan to steadily fill up the vacancies on the islands at the Dralh Sea for mining work.

'Why haven't any Pranic Beasts taken over this place? Such a large piece of land rich with food should be a haven for them. And why have these Free Humans not tried anything?' Virala thought as he sneaked into the island in his Mystic Ewworm form, undetected by the Free Humans. Soon, he figured out the cause, 'Ah, so that's why!'

All the Cooter Clansmen who fled from the Dralh Sea had gathered at this island. And upon establishing contact with the other Cooter Clan branches, they were waiting here for orders, for they had lost their homes. They were controlling the Free Humans, same as usual.

'Well, I don't care about your situation. These Free Humans are mine.' Virala jutted out of the ground in their midst, assuming the appearance of Brangara, and unleashed his presence, grinning upon seeing everyone freeze in fear, "This Deity lays claim upon this land."

"Goodbye," His Mystic Ewworm tail condensed a Rutham blade and lashed around, severing the heads of every Cooter Clansman present at the scene.



Chapter 666 Meeting Sumatra’s Transcendent Eater

﻿﻿Spanning an area of 1700 square kilometres and holding a population of four million Free Humans was Knork Island. Close to three thousand Cooter Clansmen had gathered here. They were all that had survived after the Cooter Clan branch on the Dralh Sea was annihilated.

These Cooter Clansmen lived through Brangara's assault only because they were situated on the various islands situated on the Dralh Sea. Their original size was larger, but during their escape, they were targeted by the Phells and the Bludders, causing their numbers to plummet.

At present, adding to the original group of Cooter Clansmen managing Knork Island, there were a total of three thousand of them. And in a matter of minutes, their population halved.

"Attack!"

"That's the Boar King!"

"He's the Celestial Boar now!"

"Does the nomenclature fucking matter now? He's killing us!"

The Cooter Clansmen hurled cloudy fists at the target, only to be dispersed by a tail carrying a golden tip made out of Rutham. With a flash, it pierced the forehead of a Cooter Clansman and curved around, puncturing the skull of another.

Casually walking through a sea of clouds, tanking the attacks without flinching in the slightest was Virala in the appearance of Brangara, 'This body alone is as strong as a Gold Grade Nature. Regular Cooter Clansmen can never hope to accumulate enough damage upon me.'

Even if they did, he healed in an instant. Only the attacks of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts could wound his body. And it took the likes of Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers to truly harm him. The majority of the Cooter Clansmen before him only had Iron Grade strength, so they had no hope of harming him.

His tail flashed around, puncturing Cooter Clansmen's heads without resistance. The Free Humans stared in a daze, seeing the all-powerful Immortals be hunted down like mere ants.

As Virala walked, the presence of a Mystic Human wafted out of him, causing the Free Humans to instinctively prostrate themselves. After all, he was the pinnacle existence of Free Humans.

Though they couldn't understand what was happening, they involuntarily leaned in Virala's favour. One of them even shouted and pointed at a nearby house, "There's one of them hiding inside!"

"Dammit!" The Cooter Clansman jumped out in anger and sent a cloudy fist at the Free Human. He was angry that his hiding self was revealed by a mere Free Human who he typically treated as less than a slave.

'This fucking slave dares get cocky?' He intended to kill the culprit before fleeing the place. Unfortunately for him, his cloudy fist slammed into a coil made by the Mystic Ewworm. He stared at the figure of the amazed Free Human unharmed, "Impossible…!"

There was nothing else he could express as his head was cleanly severed.

"That…that is…" The Free Human stared at the headless corpse of the Cooter Clansman, feeling as if he was in a dream, 'That powerful Immortal was killed…just like that?'

"It's natural, since they offended a Mystic Human." Virala's voice boomed across the place as he continued to walk casually, "The lot of you can follow me and witness the freedom of Free Humans."

Virala spewed words of propaganda that sought to empower the Free Humans and make them worship him. Other than his tail, only his mouth was busy. Less than ten minutes after he began the slaughter, Knork Island was freed from the control of the Cooter Clan.

"You..." Virala beckoned a Free Human who had been zealously following him throughout the slaughter and gave the latter a stone slab carved with a set of words, "Go around the island and inform all the Free Humans."

"I…don't know how to read and write…" The Free Human hesitated when he noticed a cluster of Spirit Containers stuffed into his mouth by Virala. As he swallowed the cluster, mysterious pieces of information slowly began to appear in his mindspace.

In a matter of minutes, he began to understand the words carved on the stone slab, "You can carry out the task now."

Virala picked a few more Free Humans and gave them the same task, leaving it to them to convey his thoughts. From today onwards, Knork Island will be under the rule of Virala. And all Free Humans part of it will lead happy lives from henceforth.

The news was received positively by the Free Humans as a good majority of them witnessed Virala slaughtering Cooter Clans Immortals like they were nothing. Their corpses were still on the ground, for all to see.

And once they felt his Mystic Human presence, they subconsciously wanted to submit themselves to his authority. That made things easier for Virala who arrived at a cordoned section, staring at the stone walls that reached a height of twenty metres.

He casually leapt over the walls and landed on the Parute Tree farm. There were a total of three Parute Tree farms on Knork Island, as there were a lot of people living there.

Virala entered the largest farm that contained seventeen Parute Trees in total. He observed them, inching his hand to gently pat the closest Parute Tree. A couple of minutes later, he seeped his Prana into one and watched it wither immediately in response, 'The Parute Trees wither with the slightest harm. Hence, no one has any understanding regarding them.'

'Well, that's for the regular populace.' He grinned and approached the second Parute Tree, repeating the same as he watched it wither. He continued the process until all seventeen Parute Trees withered.

Following that, he repeated the same in the other two Parute Tree farms, eradicating all Parute Trees on Knork Island.

'Now, let's see where they pop up next.' Virala thought and activated his Secondary Body Stage 2 partial transformation of Tail and coiled it to form a pillar, at the top of which he sat. he increased the girth of the tail and increased his elevation, stopping at an altitude of a kilometre, which was more than enough to survey the entire island.

"There!" He jumped after an hour had passed, noticing a Parute Tree appear right next to a congregation of Free Humans following the slaughter of the Cooter Clansmen.

The Free Humans didn't know what to do anymore, as they no longer had to perform the tasks assigned to them by the Cooter Clansmen. They formed a group to discuss their mind, seeking safety as a collective.

"My Deity!"

"Is he…him?"

"Yes, he is."

His figure flickered and arrived in the yard of a house that once belonged to a Cooter Clansman, noticing a Parute Tree had appeared in its yard. It was a sapling, having just sprouted from the ground. But it was growing in real time, apparent to the naked eye.

Parute Trees grew to their full size in a matter of minutes and began growing Parute Fruits. And when even a single fruit of it is consumed, its growth will stop. As he didn't want that, Virala approached it during its growth phase.

'A fresh Parute Tree. That's exactly what I want.' He grinned. Even if a Parute Tree gets destroyed, as long as enough living beings exist in the region, another Parute Tree will sprout soon enough. It would just appear in a different location in the region.

As the island was large enough and had been habited by four million Free Humans for more than a millennium, Virala was confident that a Parute Tree would appear even if he were to get rid of all the existing ones.

'One is enough for my purpose.' He thought and stared at the growing Parute Tree. In response, the Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp formed under the roots of the Parute Tree and fused with it.

The Parute Tree was about to wither naturally when the Flower function of the Mystic Human Stamp activated, unleashing the influence of the golden giant to strengthen it. As it was literally refined using Mystic Kinesis Art by consuming the flesh, blood, and Prana of a Transcendent Eater, its influence reinforced the Parute Tree, controlling it.

"It looks like a tree, but it's not on." Virala grinned as he approached the Parute Tree, "It's a tree-type Pranic Beast, one connected to its main body."

Followed by a grunt, he increased the Prana pouring into the Mystic Human Stamp and activated the Branch function of his Minor Treasure, one that could influence the thoughts and actions of the target the Minor Treasure had fused with.

He blinked once and found himself in the void of space, observing stardust scattered far away, resembling galaxies. Another blink later, and a carnivorous existence, eldritch in nature, stood before him, blanketing the space.

[Mortal…! You're exceedingly foolish! Do you not understand the consequences of making contact with me?]

The one spawning Parute Trees across Sumatra Continent, the sole existence desperately kept in control by all the Transcendent Mystic Tentacles, and the final, true form of Blola's existence.

Sumatra's Transcendent Eater!

Parute Trees were a mere extension of the tendrils growing on the roots of a Transcendent Eater. Since Virala targeted a Parute Tree, he formed a path of communication with the Transcendent Eater through the Parute Tree's mindspace.

"Ha…haha…it's as I suspected. You're all connected." Virala gasped as he observed root tendrils jut out all over his body and begin growing rapidly. A mere glance at the Transcendent Eater and he was about to lose his sense of being.

[Utterly foolish!]

The Transcendent Eater looked down on the figure of Virala that was a mere dot before it, inconsequential to the extreme.

"I…am…not!" Virala muttered and activated Mystic Nature Art, relying upon the concept of a Mystic Human that was free from external influence to stop the growth progression of the root tendrils on his body.

He barely gathered his bearings during the moment he gained from using Mystic Nature Art and activated his Secondary and Tertiary Bodies in full swing.

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Mystic Ewworm!

A serpentine existence covered by dense, blackish-brown fur across the crown. Hooves jutted out of its frontal section, forming four pairs of scuttling arms like a centipede. Tusks grew out of the head, forming mandibles, condensing a suffocating presence.

At the end of the tail grew a nest, made out of Rutham, shining with rattling noises. It was an existence resulting from the fusion of both the Empyrean Boar King and the Mystic Ewworm. A pair of scaly eyes and a pair of rounded eyes revealed themselves on the face, glaring at the eldritch entity before him.

The sheer Mystic Grade presence it emanated allowed it to faintly withstand the consequence of staring at the Transcendent Eater. Mystic Grade Prana resulting from the fusion of the two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts circulated through his body, shedding off the root tendrils.

"Am I…still foolish?" Virala roared as he shed all the root tendrils and glared at the Transcendent Eater.

[You are! Inconsequential as you might be, you're also foolish! You assume you can borrow my power and avoid the consequences!]

The Transcendent Eater chuckled as one of its ginormous branches calmly pointed at the transparent barrier existing between Virala and the Transcendent Eater.

[However, if you wish to attain unimaginable power, step out of that field!]

"I'll pass," Virala said as suddenly, branches began to sprout out of his body. They soon formed carnivorous mouths and stood in a defensive pose around him, protecting him from the Transcendent Eater's gaze, "I don't understand everything, but even I know that I'll be fucked if I cross the barrier."

The Transcendent Eater stared at the carnivorous mouths in silence for a minute before it vanished from the mindspace, leaving behind a set of words.

[In favour of my old friend, Sumatra, I'll allow you to wield a fraction of my power. You'll be needing it desperately after a century passes!]

"What?" Virala was stunned by the declaration. Originally, he intended to fill up the Parute Tree's mindspace with the data he sneakily stole from Blola, using the power of a Transcendent Eater to resist another Transcendent Eater.

And while they were in a standoff, he'd seep the power of Mystic Nature Art throughout the mindspace, increasing its potency until the mind of the Parute Tree was cut off from the Transcendent Eater.

That was his plan, and the moment he was able to shed off the root tendrils growing all over his body, Virala became assured of his success. But the Transcendent Eater's declaration left him confused, 'What the fuck did it mean by that? I would desperately need this power after a century?'

'Is it for the Fourth Major Disaster?' He felt a headache in response, sporting a frown upon returning to reality, 'But why does a Transcendent Eater care about something like that? We're nothing but ants before it.'



Chapter 667 Spirit Eater

﻿﻿'The Parute Trees are an extension of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. Their minds are connected. So, I can state with assurance that it knows everything that's happening on Sumatra Continent.' Virala's mind whirred at full speed as he analysed his conversation with the Transcendent Eater, 'Judging by the way it addressed Sumatra Continent, it was as if the Continent is a living being. It even addressed Sumatra as an old friend.'

'Then, if the Continent itself is a living being, how does it make sense?' He immediately thought about Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers, 'Is it something like that? Then, is Sumatra Continent something like a Transcendent existence similar to an Empyrean Tusk or Snapper where living beings can live within it?'

'If it's a Transcendent, then the Transcendent Eater should be able to consume it.' As he arrived at this thought process, he thought of Blola, 'If Renduldu's goal was solely to kill Brangara, he only needed to remove the restrictions on Blola. A 10-Life Stage Transcendent Eater can devour the current Celestial Boar without issues. And it'll only take Blola a day to reach that level.'

The Transcendent Eater's power was the most restricted, manually so. There was some reason that made Renduldu apprehensive about leaving it alone. 'A Transcendent Eater can revive any living being it devours. Then, if Sumatra Continent is a living being, a 10-Life Stage Blola might technically be able to consume it. Even if not the Continent itself, he'd definitely be able to devour all living beings.'

'All Parute Trees are connected. And the Parute King Seed that turned Blola into a Transcendent Eater is the same. It's still connected to Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.' His eyes widened as he realised, 'So, every time Blola wins a fight, is he simply gaining recognition from the Sumatra Transcendent Eater to be allowed more power? Is that how it works?'

"There's still the crux of the matter." He frowned, 'Through the data stored in Blola's Transcendent Eater, the Sumatra Transcendent Eater must be aware of Sumatra Chronicles and the actions of the Mystic Paths. So, by a century, is it referring to the Fourth Major Disaster?'

'Even though the extent of damage from the Fourth Major Disaster is horrifying, as two Major Treasures reveal themselves simultaneously, it's still not at a level the Transcendent Eater has to care about, even if Sumatra Continent is its friend, as it so claims.' He felt an urge to break his head, unable to figure out the reason, "Something will probably happen during or after the Fourth Major Disaster…wait!"

'In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha was 15 during the First Major Disaster, 35 during the Second Major Disaster, 75 by the end of the Third Major Disaster, and 119 at the Fourth Major Disaster, when he died. He's currently 39, which leaves about eighty years for the Fourth Major Disaster to start.' He frowned, feeling disjointed for some reason, 'Since when did I assume the Fourth Major Disaster starts sixty years after the Third Major Disaster? And similarly, there's forty years between the Second and Third Major Disaster?'

'It's not just me, but everyone else has the same thoughts. But when you calculate from Resha's age, it doesn't make sense. Fine! I'll come to it later!' He groaned, 'In any case, the Fourth Major Disaster will happen before a century. So, whatever incident the Transcendent Eater was talking about happens after it.'

"Fuck, I don't know anymore." He scratched his hair until it resembled a bird's nest, "I'll just dump this information on Inala. That bastard has a thinking kink. I'll just sip some tea while he figures it out."

With that, he shook his head and threw all the confusion to the back of his head, focusing on the task at hand as he stared at the Parute Tree finish growing fully as it formed a Parute Fruit and caused it to bloom into a carnivorous mouth.

Unlike the Transcendent Eater, there was just one carnivorous mouth. It also didn't seem that strong at first glance, but Virala was content with it, "It's a success. This is what the Transcendent Eater would be if it was born on Sumatra."

Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Spirit Eater!

If a Parute Tree was left undisturbed for a million years, it would evolve into a Parute Tree King. But even then, it'll merely serve as an extension of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater, growing without a mind of its own.

Virala would have to go through the same route to obtain the power of a Parute Tree King. As he didn't have a million years at his disposal, he focused on the power of a Parute Tree. Once he removed it from the control of the Transcendent Eater, it attained its individuality and became the Spirit Eater.

Technically, the Spirit Eater was an Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast. So in essence, it should have been stronger than the Transcendent Eater, which was only a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

But, the Transcendent Eater was no different from an unhatched baby, so it didn't conform to common sense.

Spirit Eaters were the true form of Parute Trees not governed by Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. Maybe in the far-off future, Mystic Humans were still relevant and had maintained enough power over the generations, they could rear a Parute King Tree and cut it off from Sumatra's Transcendent Eater.

They'd obtain the Spirit Eater King, a Mystic Grade plant-type Pranic Beast. It was something for the future generations to worry about and not part of his headache as Virala was content with obtaining the Spirit Eater, which was his goal.

Primary Nature—Singular Revival!

The Spirit Eater was capable of reviving a single existence that it devoured. Unlike a Transcendent Eater, the strongest existence the Spirit Eater could revive is an Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast or a human equivalent.

Through the Mystic Human Stamp, Virala controlled the Spirit Eater. And he had a target that he wanted it to consume and revive, 'That'll have to wait for some time.'

"First thing's first," He muttered and controlled the Spirit Eater, watching it consume nutrients from the soil at a gradual pace, 'This is a snail's pace when compared to the Transcendent Eater. But this will be plenty for my purpose.'

Slowly, he watched the Spirit Eater condense a Parute Fruit, watching it wilt at nighttime. Morning, the next day, it became a Parute Fruit once again, wilting by nighttime again. After repeating the process for a month, the Parute Fruit wilted fully, revealing a seed within as the skin peeled off.

Virala plucked it and stared at the seed, smiling in content, "A Parute Seed. It's just as I expected."

"Blola will be able to spam Parute Seeds upon reaching the 10-

Life Stage. But until then, he wouldn't know that he has such a capability." Virala chuckled, "It's nice that he's not smart enough. Otherwise, he would have figured out the means to create this somehow."

'Or maybe, the Transcendent Eater is preventing him from doing so.' Virala thought for a moment before shaking his head, 'Whatever! That's not my business.'

He controlled the Spirit Eater and made it assume the appearance of a Parute Tree, thus way camouflaging its existence. He didn't wish to reveal it to anyone. Virala then dug out a large batch of soil and poured it into a Rutham pot.

As he could carry the pot as a Spirit Weapon, transporting it was easy. The Spirit Eater took root in the pot, adjusting to the soil after he poured in some water. Now, he was ready as Virala carried the Rutham pot and met the Free Humans who had already reorganised themselves in the past month.

"Everything has been prepared!" One of the Free Humans kneeled and stated in a respectable tone.

"Good," Virala nodded and stared at the large school that had been constructed in the past month. Well, in truth, he was the one who did the construction.

His Mystic Ewworm form consumed a large batch of minerals from the treasure of the Cooter Clan on Knork Island and condensed each mineral into a tool. He transformed each tool into a building, wall, etc., and erected them in their appropriate location.

He had granted the respective knowledge to the Free Humans. Teachers with expertise in various fields will teach the rest about it. They'll develop libraries, research fields, etc.

By now, over twenty Parute Trees had appeared on Knork Island. Virala taught some Free Humans the method to harvest the Parute Fruits. It took significant time, especially since they didn't have a cultivation technique to use.

Virala could have straight up supplied them all with Iron Fruits, but doing so would have shrunk their population to a paltry sum. He wanted the four million Free Humans to keep producing progeny that could take part in the process of becoming a Mystic Human.

This way, there would be a large influx of Mystic Humans. If he wanted any more Free Humans without minimal influence on their beings like the ones of Knork Island, he would have to fight the Cooter Clan, which he didn't wish to do.

So, he assumed a sustainable approach to the situation. In the future, he would station enough Mystic Humans on Knork Island to protect them. But for the time being, he already had the perfect candidate.

"My Deity! I have succeeded in entering the Body Stage!" A Free Human with Gold Grade strength prostrated on the ground with respect, "I can perform my duty now."

"Your duty will be of the utmost importance, forever!" Virala stared at the Free Human, "Are you sure you're up for the task?"

"It's my honour!" The Free Human said with a resolute expression. He was a twenty-year-old boy with the highest talent on Knork Island, able to accumulate 60 units of Prana through food consumption alone.

After being granted Mystic Kinesis Art and Parute Fruits, he only needed a month to enter the Body Stage, 'He's not on the level of a Brimgan Prince, but he's pretty close. That's enough!'

Named Peikaha, the boy had begun building a Human Avatar out of Rutham. His eyes were closed as he expressed his readiness, not flinching in the slightest or even uttering a grunt as he was swallowed by the Spirit Eater.

Ten days later, after absorbing enough nutrients, the Spirit Eater succeeded in reviving. He blinked twice before Peikaha patted his chest, "I vow to serve the Mystic Humans with all my might!"

"Good! I'll be counting on you." Virala nodded. Peikaha will be the one refining the Zarzelite into a Gold Grade mineral suitable for the Mystic Humans—with the body of an Ewworm—to condense their tools from.

"Protect this place in my absence." Saying so, Virala raced into the Dralh Sea, intending to check upon the growth of the Free Humans in the mines of various islands. 'I hope Orakha is done by the time my Mystic Humans appear.'

He began to whistle, enjoying the immense workload he had, taking pleasure in the pressure and responsibilities that came with creating and leading a Gold Grade force. And Knork Island will be the focal point for the Mystic Humans to generate waves of influence upon the Sumatra Continent.



Chapter 668 How Did You Achieve This?

﻿﻿Eight months after Virala arrived at the Dralh Sea, at a spot twenty kilometres from the Abyss Ring was the figure of the Mystic Ewworm, swimming desperately as hundreds of ropes made out of Mystic Eaters had latched onto it.

They were dragging an eight-kilometre-tall mountain that sported varying levels of damage. This mountain had once been growing on the back of an Empyrean Snapper. But after the Empyrean Snapper died and its body was consumed, the mountain was left strewn in the Dralh Sea.

There were plenty of such mountains, the largely intact ones numbering over forty. With Orakha's help, Virala had been pulling these mountains to the Abyss Ring, using them to patch up the holes along the ring.

This way, the water between the Abyss Fall and the rest of the Dralh Sea would be cut off, similar to when the Cooter Clan was managing the place, with the Empyrean Snappers clogging the gaps with their bodies.

Since he wished to establish his reign over the Dralh Sea, Virala had to work tirelessly for it. Thankfully, he had Orakha's help. Otherwise, this would have taken him anywhere from ten to twenty times the duration to repeat the same.

The deepest point of the Dralh Sea was at a depth of 22 kilometres. Even the tallest mountain grown by the Empyrean Snappers only reached a height of 10 kilometres. So, without help from the Mystic Eaters, it would have been harder for Virala to search them one by one.

After an hour's worth of travel, Virala reached the Abyss Ring, staring at a sea of mountain ranges occupying the place. Reverting to human form, he leapt across the closest mountain and arrived at its peak, soon spotting Orakha approaching him in awe, "How the fuck are you so fast?"

"The Phells act as my source of Prana. My Mystic Eaters can easily consume their Spirit Containers and gain enough energy to increase their numbers." Orakha commented in pride as he stared at the Abyss Ring which was now a series of mountain ranges built as concentric rings.

He then stared at the mountain pulled over by Virala, "That's the biggest mountain. I'm surprised you managed to pull it by yourself."

"I had to rely on psychokinesis to boost my physical abilities to its maximum." Virala grumbled, "It wouldn't have been possible otherwise. My back still hurts like shit."

"It's not something I can do, so it's still impressive," Orakha said as his Mystic Eaters swarmed the mountain on his command. A large group of them approached the seabed and scooped soil from there and piled them under the mountain.

Slowly, the base of the mountain extended until it made contact with the seabed. The Mystic Eaters executed the work similar to building a Human Avatar, hence they focused on the structural integrity of the place.

Once they were done, the mountain was as stable as having formed there from a volcanic eruption, cooled, and solidified over time.

"It's amazing no matter how many times I see it." Virala expressed his admiration. He worked on transporting the Empyrean Snapper mountains to the Abyss Ring where Orakha built them as part of the region.

Their goal was to create at least three concentric mountain ranges around the Abyss Ring, with a flat plain between each ring. Mystic Humans will live on these flat plains while the mountain ranges will serve as a natural mode of defence for them.

The ones living on the Abyss Ring itself will fight against the Phells and use the endless bombardment to train. It was the best means to accumulate battle experience.

Moreover, the reason Virala wanted Orakha to place the Empyrean Snapper mountains around the Abyss Ring was for one reason—Spirit Pools!

An Empyrean Snapper relied upon Subtle Terrain Domination to absorb nutrients from its surroundings. It consumed some and piled the wastage into a mineral deposit, which became the mountain on its back.

Of the nutrients it consumes, it sets aside a portion that is immersed with its Prana. It would filter them and concentrate a type of mineral across the mountain on its back, forming a Spirit Pool.

An Empyrean Snapper formed various Spirit Pools, allowing Cooter Clansmen to cultivate varying powers, increasing their versatility. If Rutham was available in the Dralh Sea, a relevant Spirit Pool could be built on an Empyrean Snapper's back mountain.

And when a Cooter Clansman harnesses its power, they'll be able to wield a power similar to a Brimgan Royal. Of course, Rutham wasn't a naturally occurring mineral. It needs to be refined from Kirenal through Gole Kinesis Art.

All the Spirit Pools mixed with the Dralh Sea when the mountains fell into the water. And of course, without the Empyrean Snappers, it was impossible to create the Spirit Pools. Virala did not need the Spirit Pools though, as they were useless for the Mystic Humans.

Instead, what he required was the porous capacity of the mountains, one that allowed them to transfer minerals across their mountainous beings and concentrate them in the Spirit Pools. These channels had been created and strengthened by the Empyrean Snappers.

Therefore, the Spirit Pools naturally became spots across the mountain where minerals could be concentrated. Virala wanted the locations of the Spirit Pools to accumulate as much minerals as possible, so that his Mystic Humans in Spirit Eater form could take root there and produce Parute Fruits without issues.

The nutrients in the Spirit Pools would never run out, as more and more will be drawn in from the Dralh Sea by the mountains and concentrated in the pools.

And what he targeted the most was the flesh and blood components of Phells. Abyss Fall will continue to spill out Phells in perpetuity. In the future, the Mystic Humans will hunt them and kill them in droves.

Instead of allowing the spores of Phells to propagate through the flesh and blood of their brethren, the mountains bordering the water with the Abyss Fall would absorb the substance.

This muscular essence—a concentration of the body's flesh, blood, etc.—would fill up the Spirit Pools, giving an easier time for the Spirit Eaters to spawn Parute Fruits.

"Mind revealing your plans now?" Orakha said upon finishing his task, "I have been working tirelessly for your sake, you know."

"As long as you promise to not leak it to Gannala or anyone else," Virala said, his eyes turning cold.

"Sure," Orakha nodded and patted his chest once, adjusting his Human Avatar accordingly, "Whatever you say next will only remain with me. Gannala will never be able to access it. And I won't leak it to anyone else either."

"I hope you keep your word. Otherwise, anyone other than you who knows about this will die natural deaths." Virala eyed Orakha after stating his threat. Upon seeing the latter remain unmoved, he judged that Orakha had zero intentions of leaking it to others. "Great."

He broke into a smile, sporting a boastful tone, "I'm what you call a genius."

'This guy was dying to flex on me, huh?' Orakha's eyelids twitched as he stared at the more-than-ready visage of Virala, as if he had been prepared to say it all along.

However, since Virala depended on Orakha for a lot of things, it was just a matter of time before the latter realised his plan. Hence, he might as well take the chance to flex on the latter and poke his ego a bit.

Only a Mystic Human, unaffected by external influence, could wield the power of a Spirit Eater. This was his first contingency. His second contingency was Mystic Nature Art. Anyone with the knowledge of it will begin turning into a Mystic Human.

They would have a year from that point. Either they become a Mystic Human before the time limit or die trying. The third was an extension of it, geared particularly to counter Gannala.

Even if a Mystic Human—who hadn't gained a Secondary and Tertiary body—was turned into a Nature Weapon, once the time limit of a year spans, the Nature Weapon would crumble.

That wasn't all. When the Nature Weapon—with the power of Astral Weaponiser—was equipped onto a human or Pranic Beast, the first thing that would happen to them is the process of them becoming a Mystic Human.

Technically, Gannala could take advantage of Astral Weaponiser to allow the target to obtain the bodies of two creatures. But they'd only remain alive for a year, if they don't become Mystic Humans. Moreover, the moment Astral Weaponiser is removed from their Nature slot, they'd be bombarded by influence from the two Pranic Beasts.

The Natures of the two Pranic Beasts will manifest and wrestle control over the body, rupturing it from the inside with their exponentially spiking influence.

Virala was the one who created the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation. So, he understood it the best. Moreover, it was by using it as fuel that he created Mystic Humans.

Therefore, Gannala's Weaponisation was incapable of taking advantage of his powers. This confidence was what allowed Virala to reveal his plans to Orakha without worries. One, Orakha will figure it out eventually anyway. Two, they had plenty of reasons to collaborate in the future.

So, it was to Virala's advantage that Orakha knew what was happening at the place. It was why he had been taking measures to have a good relationship with Orakha, despite their differences.

"Instead of explaining, it's best to show it to you." Virala said and transformed into a Mystic Eater, "Climb aboard."

"Alright," Orakha jumped onto the back of the Mystic Ewworm and used a bunch of Mystic Eaters to form a saddle.

"…" Virala stared at the saddle for a few seconds before beginning to slither across the Dralh Sea like a marine serpent. Four days of travel later, they arrived at Tez Island.

"Come in," Virala assumed human form and kicked aside the boulder blocking the entrance to the island's mine. As Orakha followed him, Virala entered the mine and stared at the seventeen-year-old boy who emanated a potent presence, one expressing his individuality.

"My Deity!" The seventeen-year-old boy kneeled on the ground upon seeing Virala, barely able to control his jubilation, "I succeeded!"

"Congratulations!" Virala said with a smile and stared at Orakha, "I'll show you the powers I have prepared exclusively for my Mystic Humans."

"Okay," Orakha nodded with a bated breath, already aware of how Mystic Humans worked. He gained all the necessary knowledge from Ruvva. So, he knew that a Mystic Human was as strong as the Pranic Beasts they fuse with.

Ruvva had fused with an Empyrean Tusk and an Apogee Bludder, Gold and Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts respectively. With her talents inherited from Yarsha Zahara, she could unleash the Primary Nature of the Apogee Bludder.

Once she reaches maturity, she'll be stronger than a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

Similarly, Virala had fused with the Mystic Ewworm and the legendary Empyrean Boar King. Both the father and daughter duo were fully harnessing the capabilities of Mystic Humans. But of course, that opportunity wouldn't come to everyone.

But considering how confident Virala was, he must have prepared the next best thing for all the Mystic Humans.

"Here," Virala gave the Parute Seed to the seventeen-year-old boy, "Follow the process recorded in Mystic Nature Art. This will be your first body."

"Yes, My Deity!" The seventeen-year-old boy nodded respectfully and seeped his Prana into the Parute Seed, refining it through Mystic Nature Art. Once fully refined, it fused with his Spirit Container.

Secondary Body—Spirit Eater!

Immediately in response, upon seeing Virala smile at him, the seventeen-year-old boy nodded and assumed his transformation. Roots jutted into the ground as a stalk grew tall, reaching a height of twenty metres, atop which a carnivorous mouth appeared.

"This is…damn!" Orakha was stunned by the transformation, staring at the Spirit Eater in a daze, "How the fuck did you achieve this?"



Chapter 669 Nez of Tez Island

﻿﻿"How the fuck did you achieve this?" Orakha felt it hard to believe what his eyes were witnessing. Though it only had one carnivorous mouth, it was still a smaller version of a Transcendent Eater. It had all the powers that Blola possessed, just weaker.

Basically, Virala obtained an army of Blola juniors to do his bidding.

Seeing Orakha's stunned expression made Virala feel proud. He puffed his chest and huffed with an arrogant tone, "I achieved it through sheer grit, commitment, and focus."

"Bullshit, just tell me the truth." Orakha rolled his eyes, getting an urge to beat up Virala upon seeing his expression of boastful arrogance, "Did you steal it from Blola?"

"Well…yeah." Virala scratched his cheek and laughed awkwardly, "You know I stole the data of your Mystic Eaters. And through my Minor Treasure, I armed those tangible data in such a way that when Blola fights the Transcendent Eater in his mind space, the resulting clash spills more information into his Prana."

"And I've been consuming his flesh brimming with that Prana." He grinned, "With a combination of my stamp and the natural capabilities of the Empyrean Boar King body, I accumulated the necessary information eventually."

"It just allowed me to realise the truth of their identity. I then planned to take advantage of it based on the details about the Parute King Seed n Sumatra Chronicles and Blola's experience after consuming it." Virala concluded.

'He has yet to get to the truth of the matter. All he's doing is yapping around the real reason.' Orakha thought and dropped the topic. If Virala didn't wish to reveal the truth, he wouldn't pry into it forcefully either. 'I'll give him a reason to reveal it to me eventually, just as I've done for the rest.'

Probably the only person Virala considered his friend, or at least someone close to being a friend was Orakha. And Orakha realised that, which was why he wasn't all too adamant about getting to the truth of the matter.

Besides, just the information being revealed to him was shocking enough. Any more and he'll find it hard to digest everything.

"My Deity! What should I do now? I still need to fuse with one more Pranic Beast body. If My Deity has something in mind, I'll focus on capturing it with all my effort." The seventeen-year-old boy announced, struggling to articulate at the start, but in a matter of seconds, his carnivorous mouth produced human sounds.

"I already have your second Pranic Beast body." Virala grinned and exited the cave, following which he assumed Mystic Ewworm form, occupying a sizeable amount of space.

The Free Humans who exited the cave to watch the spectacle prostrated spontaneously upon seeing such a ginormous beast. One of them even began to compose a poem based on how much his emotions were riled up after witnessing such a sight.

"Are you going to capture a Pranic Beast?" Orakha frowned before asking, "Or will you be using the Nature Weapons?"

"Neither," Virala released a soft grunt before asking, "Do you know how Ewworms reproduce?"

"By laying eggs?" Orakha asked, unsure of the answer.

"That's one way." Virala nodded, "But an Ewworm is an Annelid."

"Are you a hermaphrodite, then?" Orakha asked and took a few steps back in reflex.

"Fuck you!" Virala cursed in anger, "That's Inala!"

"Then what are you talking about?" Orakha asked, still maintaining his distance.

"Have you never severed a worm into two on Earth?" Virala grumbled as his Spirit Weapon hovered beside his body, made out of Rutham, in the shape of a chakram. It whirred into life and cut off the tail section.

Virala immediately assumed human form and transformed his Spirit Weapon into a hand, using it to hold the twitching tail, "Hold still!"

Hiss!

The severed portion immediately regenerated an upper body, resulting in a 200-metre-long Ewworm that wriggled, intending to wrestle free. Its head stared in the direction of Orakha, intending to burrow into his rectum.

"Seems someone loves your ass." Virala laughed as he nudged Orakha, "You want this cutie for yourself?"

"As firewood, yes." Orakha activated his Human Avatar, ready to vaporise the Ewworm if it dared approach him.

"I'm kidding," Virala laughed as his figure flickered and arrived before the Ewworm, kicking it in the face until it fell unconscious. "When the body of a mature Ewworm is severed into two, the tail end can grow into a new lifeform."

"Is it a Mystic Ewworm too?" Orakha asked in shock as he stared at the unconscious Ewworm before him.

"Unfortunately, it's not." Virala sighed in disappointment, "The limit of natural birth for any existence is the Gold Grade. So, even though this creature is formed through a Mystic Ewworm, it's only a Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"It's still plenty good, as it's a Gold Grade Pranic Beast." Virala grinned, "In terms of fighting strength, it pales in comparison to other Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, but it unlocks significant potential in the hands of a Mystic Human."

Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Gold Ewworm!

With a Prana capacity of 5010 and a lifespan of 1110 years, it was a decently powerful Pranic Beast. Due to its characteristics, it was useless individually, and could only express its strength when inhabiting the rectum of another Pranic Beast, especially a Gold Grade Pranic Beast or above.

"Come here and assume your Spirit Eater form once again." Virala commanded the seventeen-year-old boy, "You'll need a lot of Prana to refine this Gold Ewworm's body and make it a part of your strength. I'll keep it unconscious, so you can take your time with the process."

Virala made the boy fuse with the Spirit Eater first so that he could assume Spirit Eater form, absorb nutrients from the soil, and generate Prana. This steady influx of Prana would make it easier to refine the Gold Ewworm's body as quickly as possible.

Otherwise, with barely a hundred units of Prana, it would take him months, if not more.

"I understand what you wish to achieve now," Orakha said as he watched the boy in action. He stared at Virala to state in praise, "You're raising an army of unkillable powerhouses."

Through the Spirit Eater form, the Mystic Human would root himself at a spot and constantly generate Prana, using which they would fight. The Spirit Eater would fight in close range while the Gold Ewworm would fight in mid-range.

Its Spirit Weapon would fight in long range, since Zarzelite had emission capabilities.

Secondary Body—Spirit Eater!

Tertiary Body—Gold Ewworm!

Spirit Eaters had a Prana capacity of 7200 and a lifespan of 1550 years. Basically, a Mystic Human who had fused with the two Pranic Beasts would have a Prana capacity of 12,210 and an absurd lifespan of 2660 years.

This already exceeded the power of an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Even an Empyrean Snapper that was the longest-lived among Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts doesn't live past two millennia.

But these Mystic Humans well exceeded that. And their Prana capacity was on par with an Intermediate Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The most terrifying of them all was that this was per body.

Mystic Humans could progress through the Life Stage and eventually reach the 10-Life Stage. They pretty much had an unrivalled foundation. As beings unaffected by external influence, they'd be the most stable among the human race, eventually becoming the leader.

Producing Gold Ewworms wouldn't be an issue even in Virala's absence. Any Mystic Human who had reached the peak of the Body Stage could simply sever their Gold Ewworm form into two and birth a new one.

As for the Parute Seeds, that was even simple. Virala had fused his Mystic Human Stamp into the Spirit Eater. Until the end of its lifespan, it'll keep producing Parute Seeds. And upon its death, one of the Mystic Humans could use the Minor Treasure upon a newly sprouted Parute Tree and create another Spirit Eater.

Virala intended to conceptualise all the information necessary for the process and store it in the Mystic Human stamp itself. This way, the Mystic Human race could function on its own even without his involvement.

"You know, you too could create a powerful force like this." Virala said as he stared at Orakha, "It's childsplay with your set of abilities."

"I know." Orakha nodded.

"Then why aren't you making one? Time's running short." Virala argued, "The Third Major Disaster won't wait for you to be prepared."

"It's exactly because of it that I've yet to form a force." Orakha said as he stared at Virala, "Half the Empyrean Tusk herd were killed by the Armoury and the rest were too injured to make a full recovery."

"Yes, that's because they underestimated it…" Virala retorted, only to see Orakha shook his head with a sigh.

"Unlike other Influenced Regions, the Armoury is…a hunter." Orakha said, speaking upon seeing Virala's eyes widen, "Boul Brimgan has scouted it a bit. When I compared his experiences with Sumatra Chronicles, I found out that everything that happened in the Third Major Disaster wasn't a coincidence or an unfortunate twist of fate."

"You mean…the Armoury actively targeted the Mammoth Clan?" Virala asked in shock, realising something as he muttered, "Is that why it targeted the Empyrean Tusks more than the Mammoth Clansmen? With the Major Treasure of Weapon's power, it makes sense from a logical standpoint."

"The Major Treasure of Weapon can become a Spirit Weapon for any mineral it comes into contact with." Orakha sighed, "And the Armoury is a place full of these Spirit Weapons. It's like a living beast with a desire to collect more Spirit Weapons. And the stronger the mineral it chances upon, the strongest the Spirit Weapons it could gather."

"Recall the speciality of the Empyrean Tusks."

"Their tusks!" Virala nodded. The tusk of an Empyrean Tusk was touted to be the hardest material on Sumatra. As Sumatra Gold hadn't been unearthed in Sumatra Chronicles, the most precious mineral the Armoury could chance upon was the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk.

"That's why it targeted the Mammoth Clan. If Resha hadn't obtained the Major Treasure of Weapon as soon as he did, all the Empyrean Tusks would have died." Orakha said, sighing in response, "When the Third Major Disaster starts, there's a solid chance the Armoury might attack the Brimgan Empire, the Varahan Empire, or your Kingdom."

"Sumatra Gold, huh?" Virala muttered, frowning upon noticing an oddity, "Wait a second! When the fuck did the Brimgan Empire get a gold of Sumatra Gold?"

"I gave ten pieces to Boul Brimgan." Orakha smiled wryly, "Since they have an irreconcilable hatred towards Brangara, I wanted Boul Brimgan to grow strong enough to threaten the Celestial Boar. Since I didn't have a use for them anyway, I gave them to him in exchange for some benefits."

"You are one scary merchant." Virala laughed upon seeing that Orakha didn't detail the benefits he received from Boul Brimgan. He thought a little and understood Orakha's thought process, "So, you're supporting the Brimgan Empire."

"Yup," Orakha nodded, "Instead of raising a force from scratch, I'm better off strengthening the Brimgan Empire, since they're strong, especially after Boul Brimgan took the reins."

"My Deith! I'm done!" The seventeen-year-old boy interrupted their conversation as he assumed human form and prostrated on the ground. The body of the Gold Ewworm had disappeared, fused into his Spirit Container once the refinement process was done.

He was jubilant upon gaining such an inconceivable level of strength, not to mention the sheer amount of lifespan he had gained. "I'm awaiting orders."

"Good," Virala nodded in praise and dropped ten kilograms of Rutham before the boy, "This is your first task."

"Yes," The boy nodded and consumed the Rutham after assuming his Gold Ewworm form. Slowly, he condensed a tool at the end of his tail out of the Rutham.

"Take this," Virala tossed a handful of Spirit Containers in the boy's mouth. This Spirit Container cluster acted as Information Slips for Mystic Humans. As the boy consumed them, the map of the Dralh Sea and its surrounding regions became highlighted in his mind.

There were thousands of such maps and labelled in detail on each map were mineral deposits of a particular type. As the boy accessed the information in a daze, Virala's voice jolted him awake, "Your task is to mine Zarzelite."

"I…need to mine?" The boy felt his ears were deceiving him, "My Deity! Didn't you claim that we can lead whole new lives upon becoming Mystic Humans?"

"You still need to eat, shit, and fight, even if you become a Mystic Human." Virala snorted, "And unlike before, you'll be mining Zarzelite for yourself. That's the mineral you'll be using to forge a Spirit Weapon."

He pointed at the tool made out of Rutham, "That's Rutham I took from the Brimgan Empire, a major Free Human epicentre. It'll help you mine better. As the first successful Mystic Human of this group, it's your job to lead the rest."

"Since you have experience mining, you'll carry out the necessary work and educate your successors upon the task. And with your Spirit Eater form, you'll never run out of Prana to use." He said in an energising tone.

The seventeen-year-old boy was pretty simple-minded, thanks to the Cooter Clan's education. He was fired up by the end of the speech, thumping his chest thunderously to proclaim, "I'll complete this task zealously!"

And just as he was about to head to the closest mining location, Virala called at him, "By the way…"

"Yes! My Deity!" The boy replied in zeal.

"What's your name?" Virala asked without a hint of shame.

"it's Nez!" The boy replied, happy that his Deity asked for his name.

"Be careful out there, Nez." Virala stated in a cautionary tone, "Focus on gathering some fighting experience against the Bludders and the Phells. Once you become accustomed to your abilities, travel through the Dralh Sea. The closest Zarzelite deposit is a bit too dangerous for the current you."

"You can head there once your Prana levels surpass five hundred."

"Yes! My Deity!" Nez said and rushed to the border of Tez Island, engaging in a battle against a Bludder nearby, only to almost be killed by an Eddy Blade.

"Told you to be careful,"Virala said as his tail was the one that had tanked the Eddy Blade.

"Y-Yes!" Nez stammered and gathered his wits as he attempted to fight once again.

"Will he be alright?" Orakha asked, "He knows nothing apart from mining."

"I've already spoon-fed him all the knowledge." Virala shrugged, "Now, he only needs to gain experience that would allow him to comprehend the information in his possession. As long as I protect him for a week or two, he'd grow enough to not be beaten up by a Bludder in a one-on-one battle."

"The rest is up to him."



Chapter 670 Rise of the Varahan Empire

﻿﻿Five years after the Second Major Disaster, the Zahara Kingdom was in a state of ruins, not because it was destroyed by external factors but had been purposefully brought to ruin by Brangara.

All traces of its existence had been cleanly wiped out. This way, their opponents wouldn't be able to gather any clues from traces left in the Kingdom.

As for all the inhabitants of the Zahara Kingdom, they were en route to the Varahan Empire, forming a large procession, guarded by tens of thousands of Tangible Nature of Yoked Wyrms. Standing at the forefront of the procession was one body of Brangara while his second body stood at its rear.

Manning the centre was Yarsha Zahara, guarded by the Wean Clan. Her four children were on full guard, remaining the most alert possible, armed to the teeth with Nature that they could activate and blast the heck of any existence that approaches them.

The five Royal Guards formed an inner perimeter around the carriage carrying Yarsha Zahara. Royal Guards at the inner circle, her four children at the outer circle, and then an army of people spread further away. The reason so much security was placed upon her was due to the existence she bore in her womb.

Thump! Thump!

She felt her son's heartbeat, feeling the vigour he was amassing by constantly consuming her blood. The moment she conceived a child, Brangara fused the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection into him, making them a singular entity.

As the sperm fertilised the egg and began to process of lifecycle, the Minor Treasure had already become one with it. Like a baby, the Minor Treasure was nurtured in Yarsha Zahara's womb, constantly absorbing her blood to grow.

With the power of Bloody Affection, the baby gained the ginormous volume of information present in the Prana carried by Yarsha Zahara's blood. The influx of information shaped his growth. Instinctively, she knew it was a boy growing in her womb.

Before the fusion, the Minor Treasure Tangible Nature of Bloody Affection had absorbed a sea's worth of Brangara's blood, gaining practically all the information at his disposal. And now, during the labour period, the baby was absorbing all the information from his mother.

An existence created by sacrificing their fertility, intending to form their future. That was the baby growing in her womb. And hence, utmost care had been given to her safety. It was to such an extent that Brangara even loaned a Tangible Nature of Empyrean Snapper to each of the Royal Guards, something he would never do otherwise.

The procession was long, with powerful Silver Grade Pranic Beasts pulling massive wagons that were no different from multi-storeyed buildings. The shortest building had ten storeys and was capable of housing a thousand people.

These Silver Grade Pranic Beasts had been recruited by Brangara for manual labour, with the condition that if they failed to cooperate with him, he'd annihilate their entire race. But if they were to cooperate, he'd support their race and provide them benefits.

Getting a promise from the Celestial Boar was more than enough motivation for the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to break their backs with labour, serving the procession to their utmost ability.

Every single Free Human part of the procession had a Tangible Nature of Yoked Wyrm fused with their body. This allowed them to consume the trees without issues, irrespective of what they might be made of.

This saved a lot of travel time as they didn't have to stop for food. The Tangible Natures took care of everything. A group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts typically sped across the carriages when the Tangible Natures of Yoked Wyrms would jump onto their backs.

Once they catch enough, these Silver Grade Pranic Beasts would head towards the closest thicket of trees and allow the Yoked Wyrms to consume the trees there. Once they had their fill, they would refrain from activating their Primary Nature.

The Silver Grade Pranic Beasts would return to the procession and run past the carriages. Whenever the Tangible Natures of Yoked Wyrms come within the Spirit Weapon range of their owners, they'd vanish.

By the end of their pace, the backs of the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts would become empty. And once a day, the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts would bring in a batch of Tangible Natures of Ewworms on their backs, for obvious reasons.

Once the Ewworms had their fill, they would be checked to see if they could survive until the next day. The ones that could survive were retained while the rest were dumped at the side, left to their fate of dispersion.

Tugging a large nest filled with Ewworms was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, at the forefront of the procession. And seated on its head was Brangara, consuming the Ewworms when necessary to produce a bunch of their Tangible Natures.

They had been on travel for a few months already as Brangara watched in patience. The procession was currently treading upon a flat road, one Brangara had laid in advance through Subtle Terrain Domination.

His gaze was focused, staring onto the horizon. Soon, his face broke into a smile, announcing, "We're here!"

From a spot twenty kilometres before him, stretching endlessly was a forest of Decodus Trees, steadily growing in size. Even the smallest had surpassed a height of ten metres, showing no signs of stopping.

Their ceiling height was four hundred metres after all. At the edge of the forest stood an artificial mountain that he had constructed. The screeching sound of wheels constantly resounded from within.

He leapt from his spot and ran towards the mountain, climbing to its peak before jumping through a tunnel. The tunnel ended at a depth of three hundred metres underground, leading into a station where he landed.

A railway had halted there, arriving from the Burac Kingdom. Through Subtle Terrain Domination, Brangara created underground railway lines leading to the Varahan Empire from various Free Human Kingdoms that had pledged allegiance to them.

Burac Kingdom was the first to submit to their rule and hence received preference, being the first to arrive. These artificial mountains served as stations connecting the Varahan Empire to all parts of the region.

Through a mix of Subtle Terrain Domination and Drifting Tunnel, Brangara altered the gravity within the tunnel in such a way that there was a mild horizontal pull. It wasn't strong enough to act against the natural gravity of the land, but this pull made the railway accelerate deeper into the tunnel.

As a result, the railway only needed to consume energy—through psychokinesis from the drivers—for the initial run. Once it accumulated some speed, this pull would gradually accelerate it until it attains terminal velocity.

After that, even without using any energy, the railway would traverse thousands of kilometres to arrive at its destination. And once they approach closer to the destination, the pull within the tunnel would steadily decrease until it becomes zero in value.

Following that, it would push against the train, decelerating it gradually until it arrived at a stop at the station. The drivers will micromanage the momentum, ensuring a smooth journey.

Similarly, another such tunnel was constructed, but in reverse, which will take one from the Varahan Empire to the Burac Valley. Drifting Tunnel was an Iron Grade Nature. To establish the same effect as Brangara, hundreds of Shifting Ants would be necessary.

This wouldn't be an issue as there will be plenty of Free Humans with Human Avatars made out of Vara. They'll have plenty of Natures of Drifting Tunnel, using which they'll be posted across such railway lines for maintenance.

The entirety of the Burac Kingdom wasn't planning to migrate. No, there were plenty of useful resources there, which the Varahan Empire could take advantage of.

This railway line ensured swift communication between the two sides, making it easy to send reinforcement without any hindrance. Moreover, Brangara had paid exceptional care while creating the tunnels, harnessing his utmost strength to compress the walls of the tunnels to such an extent that they couldn't be destroyed by even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Only powerful Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and above could damage it. But with the resources of the Varahan Empire, the damage could be rectified in a matter of days.

"We greet His Majesty, the Emperor!" The passengers that alighted from the railway bowed upon seeing Brangara.

"Welcome to the Varahan Empire." Brangara smiled as he stared at the group and disappeared. He returned to the peak of the mountain, watching the passengers jump into the tunnel that was pointed upward.

This way, although they fell through the tunnel, in reality, they were scaling up the mountain. The end of the tunnel opened up to the peak of the mountain, from where a cable car took them deeper into the Varahan Empire.

At first glance, the Varahan Empire looked no different from a forest of Decodus Trees, having no external activity. That was because everything was happening within.

The interior of the Decodus Trees was hollow, creating domiciles for people to live in, educational institutions, factories, etc. Yennda was the one who created the interior design for all of them while Yarsha Zahara made the final touches.

Travel was extremely simple. Underground, tunnels were created using the Nature of Drifting Tunnel. Railway lines were laid to ensure smooth travel. The travellers would enter a pod-

shaped carriage at the entrance of the tunnel and move through it with minimal effort.

The tunnels were created in such a way that when the gravity of Drifting Tunnel interacts with the ambient gravity, it resulted in an effect similar to a downward slope. This was irrespective of the direction the tunnel traversed underground, whether straight, curved, upward, or downward.

The pod, upon entering the influence of the tunnel, slides to its destination. Similarly, another tunnel would be running parallel to it, with the gravity within placed in inverse. This would bring the pod travelling within it to the starting position.

There were nodes, joined by multiple tunnels. Parallel tunnels connected the nodes, allowing seamless to-and-fro travel between the nodes.

Depending on the population of the people living or visiting the institution within a Decodus Tree, the size of the node underneath it would vary.

Decodus Trees serving as part of an educational institution with tens of thousands of travellers would have a massive node underground, one compassing all the Decodus Trees that were part of the institution.

Currently, there were less than a hundred nodes across the entire Varahan Empire. As Brangara was the sole individual making them, its progress was minimal. However, once the people begin to arrive, he'd focus on the required areas with higher priority.

"At this rate, I'll run out of space within this Information Slip." A familiar voice resounded as a third figure of Brangara walked out of the forest of Decodus Trees, holding a piece of Sumatra Gold in his hand. "The routes will be hard to navigate for anyone without a map."

The figure of Brangara on the peak of the mountain stared at his exhausted third body, one created only a few months ago and landed before the latter. The two adjusted the influence on their body and mind before stacking upon each other.

The 2-Life Stage Brangara walked out and received the procession, beginning to integrate everyone within the Varahan Empire. His children took charge of all the formalities, from designating people to positions of power and authority to deciding where which institution would form.

As the days spanned past, the people gradually settled with their new lives as citizens of the Varahan Empire. A month after the influx of people started, its population crossed twenty million.

In the beginning, all the necessary Vara and money—The Yoked Wyrm's Nature of Bio-Synthesis—were produced exclusively by the first-generation Wean Clansmen of Barla, Brana, Braga, and Baga.

Thankfully, it was the adjustment period as the Free Humans were also getting accustomed to their new cultivation technique of Gold Inheritance Art and their Human Avatars being built out of Vara. And a mere few months later, the oldest children of the Wean Clan's second generation began to supply money and Vara.

Their human forms might barely be a year old, but their Empyrean Boar forms were already significantly developed. Anywhere between two to eight years, their Empyrean Boar forms would reach maturity.

And the wives of the trio of Brana, Braga, and Baga who had already given birth were pregnant once again. Yarsha Zahara had enough stock of Empyrean Incubators to last a couple decades worth of births, having filled three whole Minor Treasures of Lunchboxes with just it.

Every single day, new railway lines were erected as people began to apply for job openings and join the workforce. The Varahan Empire's society was rapidly starting to take shape.

The Wean Clan's second generation continued to increase in size, entering the three digits in less than two years since the Wean Selection. Eventually, the talented Free Humans who had amassed a significant number of Natures took up positions as Envoys, journeying to far-off Free Human Kingdoms in an effort to recruit them under the Varahan Empire's fold.

Approximately eight years after the end of the Second Major Disaster, when the population of the Varahan Empire approached thirty million and the number of Wean Clansmen approached four hundred, a significant event happened.

After more than three years of labour, Yarsha Zahara had given birth.



