Chapter 141 Royalty and Cultivator

Inala was currently an Empyrean Zinger. But, he wasn't a true Empyrean Zinger.

That was because he could only transform into an Empyrean Zinger. While in his transformed state, he expended Prana to remain in that form. Therefore, he was limited in how long he could remain transformed as an Empyrean Zinger.

But an Empyrean Zinger Pranic Beast lived without such a limitation. After all, it was in its actual body.

This was the major difference between a cultivator and Pranic Beast. The Tertiary Nature of Cultivator allowed Brangara to freely switch forms between human and Empyrean Boar King.

Both were his actual bodies and hence, he didn't expend any Prana in either form. That level of freedom further contributed to his strength.

He could live, eat, shit, and cultivate as a human. He could live, eat, shit, and cultivate as an Empyrean Boar King. There was no drawback in either form.

Inala's Primary Nature of Royalty was similar, but all it did was allow him to change forms between male and female versions of himself. In his male form, he was an Empyrean Zinger King. And in his female form, he was an Empyrean Zinger Queen.

Both Royalty and Cultivator were equal in terms of power, but they differed in application. The Nature of Cultivator allowed a Pranic Beast to take on a human form and cultivate like a human, gaining many lives after entering the Life Stage.

The Nature of Royalty allowed the Prana Bomb to mutate into its higher version, a Life Bomb.

In the Life Stage, a cultivator could build multiple bodies and possess many lives. A cultivator at the 4-Life Stage had four bodies and four lives.

If needed, that cultivator could make his four bodies travel in different directions. While fleeing in a battle, by splitting himself into four and running in different directions, he could save himself.

As long as a single body was alive, he too would survive. And as long as he had enough resources, he could cultivate and enter the Life Stage once again. All bodies created at the Life Stage were actual bodies of the cultivator.

That wasn't the end of it. Life Stage granted a cultivator power unlike other stages. It was an overpowered concept.

If the cultivator at 4-Life Stage remained a single entity, it meant his four selves were stacked into one. Meaning, the strength, power, mental ability, reaction time, speed, etc. were all stacked upon each other.

It wasn't a simple addition of one plus one equals two. With four stacking, the cultivator's strength didn't simply increase by four times.

No!

He had four times more strength. But add that to four times speed, reflex, muscle density, etc. the end result was an exponential increase in power.

This continued to stack until the 10-Life Stage where even cultivators that had made Human Avatars out of iron became powerhouses that could face a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

The exponential stacking of power was what led to this. That was the reason why Brangara became the Boar King, a terrifying Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

His strength and potential as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast surpassed the likes of Mystic Empyrean Tentacles.

That was because, despite being a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle only had one body.

But if Brangara were to reach the 10-Life Stage, he would possess ten bodies. The difference between their power would be heaven and earth.

It was why even at the 3-Life Stage, the Boar King was capable of fighting against 43 Empyrean Tusks and their associated Mammoth Clan to a draw.

Had he been at the 4-Life Stage, the herd would have been annihilated, as simple as that. It was why Resha died a dog's death at the end of Sumatra Chronicles, unable to even scratch the Boar King.

Inala wanted to make baby Gannala obtain the Nature of Cultivator. That would easily birth the strongest Empyrean Tusk to ever exist.

Undrakha had similar thoughts back then, which was why they kept Brangara in captivity and brought him with them as they left Sumatra Continent. The research was underway already, but they met with lots of obstacles along the way.

In the end, they didn't succeed because Brangara became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Empyrean Boar King. He escaped and caused the research to halt.

It was known whether the Mammoth Clan continued the research after reaching the other continent. Maybe they never recovered after most of the researchers died when the Bolt of Transcendence hit Brangara, vaporising everything in its path, including the researchers.

But except for the data collected in the last two years, pretty much everything else was passed to Gannala by the then-1st Empyrean Tusk through an inheritance.

And now, that information was with him, since he obtained it from the previous Gannala through his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill.

Since there was enough research data about gaining the Nature of Cultivator, Inala wished to continue in their footsteps and succeed. He didn't know about other Empyrean Tusks, but baby Gannala was his daughter.

Meaning, he could influence her, since she was his blood. With the help of the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill and Mystic Skill Creator, Inala had the means to figure out a solution.

As long as baby Gannala obtains the Nature of Cultivator, she can seclude herself as a human in a massive Human Empire and accumulate strength using their resources.

With a lifespan of two millennia, she had more than enough time to build her strength to the peak and reach the 10-Life Stage.

Inala intended to kill the Boar King long before that. But just in case he failed, there would be someone strong enough to kill him in the far future.

Baby Gannala could continue his research results and maybe even pass it down to the Empyrean Tusks she births. As long as a bunch of Empyrean Tusks possess the Nature of Cultivator, they'll become terrifying enough to give even peak Brangara a challenge.

Moreover, if she succeeds in her path and attains Mystic Grade, baby Gannala could truly give the Boar King a run for his money.

Inala didn't wish to stop at that point. Even though Empyrean Tusks had reached peak evolution, as evidenced by the prefix of Empyrean in their name, mutation was still an option.

Inala planned to make baby Gannala mutate. And in response, he planned to awaken the Secondary Nature of Royalty in her.

Yes, by combining Royalty and Cultivator in her, she would become a pinnacle existence surpassing the Boar King. It seemed like a pipe dream at present, but Inala wasn't afraid.

He didn't hesitate at the challenge and gently cradled baby Gannala, truly intending to succeed. He wasn't a power type like Resha who rushed head-first into a battle. He was a strategic type to scheme around and create things, bringing new variables into the mix.

Therefore, working hard to give baby Gannala the two Natures of Royalty and Cultivator was in line with his nature. And now that he had a solid goal to strive towards, Inala began to busy himself.

"Renduldu, I challenged you at the start that I'll surpass Resha. I need to make a correction," He muttered, resolute, "Add Brangara to the list. I'll surpass both."

He stared at baby Gannala, "And my descendants too shall do the same."



Chapter 142 Empyrean Zinger Jaw

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala stared at his reflection in a mirror, watching his jaws transform into an Empyrean Zinger's, tremendously tough and sharp enough to casually bite into a Prana Bomb.

Moreover, the structure was that of an Empyrean Zinger, but the material forming it was an Empyrean Tusk's bone powder taken from its tusk, the hardest material in Sumatra. Therefore, his jaws were tougher than an Empyrean Zinger's.

Since he had almost awakened his bloodline before fusing with the Zinger Queen egg, he gained the power to transform into his Pranic Beast form in stages, just like Resha.

Though, while Resha had four stages, Inala only had three: Jaw, Wing, and Empyrean.

At the Jaw Stage, he developed an Empyrean Zinger's jaw, useful for eating Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. His hands and feet too resembled an Empyrean Zinger's, allowing him to perch onto any surface at any angle.

At the Wing Stage, his limbs fully developed into an Empyrean Zinger's, causing a thin membrane to connect the limbs on either side to create a pair of wings that allowed him to glide through the air.

At the Empyrean Stage, he completely transformed into an Empyrean Zinger.

By having three stages, Inala could conserve his Prana and only transform limitedly according to the situation. He didn't have to become an Empyrean Zinger unless necessary. Of course, he couldn't become one at the moment, since he had barely begun developing his body.

At present, he had only built his body enough to activate the Jaw Stage. To activate it, he had first focused on building his body at the jaw, hands, and feet areas.

Staring at the powerful claws that his hands had transformed into, Inala felt strong. It had been two months since he woke up.

In this period, he focused on building his body, barely finishing enough for the Jaw Stage, making an estimation accordingly, 'I should be done in about 40 years. Since I need to understand an Empyrean Zinger's body, the time required is this high. But building my body from the second onwards should only take half the time.'

'That means, I should be reaching the 10-Life Stage in about 220 years.' He thought, 'That's well before my lifespan reaches its end.'

He couldn't hurry anymore. But he trusted the reincarnates, believing that they would buy enough time for the eventual battle between the Empyrean Tusks and the Boar King.

Originally, Sumatra Chronicles ended in a century. From the date in chapter one to the date of the final battle between Resha and the Boar King, a bit more than a century had passed.

If the same were to happen this time, then their death was guaranteed. Even Resha was aware of that. Hence, Inala believed Resha and the remaining reincarnates would do everything in their power to change the herd's route to buy as much time as possible.

As long as they buy two centuries, Inala was confident in reaching the peak of cultivation. When that happens, he would possess enough power to harm the Boar King.

This was why he primarily focused on a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. An Empyrean Zinger's Prana was 1800 after maturing. This meant his reserve of Prana wasn't as high as Asaeya who had a reserve of 3449, not to mention Gold Grade Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Tusks that had a reserve of 8398 Prana.

Yes, he had a limited reserve, which was a drawback. But from another point of view, it was also a boon. It meant he only had to train to attain 1800 Prana.

To finish building a body, Resha would have to give in approximately five times the effort. Meaning, he would need five times the duration to finish building a single body.

By the time Resha finishes building a second body, Inala will have reached the end of cultivation.

At that point, he would be stacked ten times, resulting in an explosive power that vastly outclasses a 2-Life Stage Resha.

Inala would be able to quickly reach the peak of cultivation as compared to his peers and even his enemy, the Boar King. As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Boar King would have to train even longer.

The fact that even after two millennia, Brangara only reached the 3-Life Stage was enough proof of his strenuous training requirement.

Of course, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast lived for ten millennia. So, he had enough time to reach the peak casually.

Since he had the perspective of living on Earth, Inala was more broadminded than the natives of Sumatra. That was because, for any situation, he had two perspectives to tackle from, in contrast to the single perspective of the natives.

Moreover, since he hailed from a technological world centred around information, he knew a lot for someone his age. He had read hundreds, if not thousands of cultivation novels alone. If he were to list the novels from magic, apocalypse, romance, sci-fi, etc. it would be endless.

Even though they were merely fiction, the thought process used in them would serve as a database to draw inspiration from. Information was power after all.

Therefore, if Inala were to encounter a block in cultivation, he could rely upon his vast trove of knowledge to solve it. Maybe some character in some novel was in a similar situation. He only had to apply that knowledge and voila, he would solve the problem.

In contrast, a native would have to break his head and trial and error for a solution.

An Empyrean Zinger's body was small, reaching a few metres. Therefore, its resource requirement was limited, unlike Resha who had to build an Empyrean Tusk body.

With less resources, training, and time, Inala would reach the peak. Had he fused with an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, he would have reached the peak even faster. But that was useless, for an Iron Grade Pranic Beast was too weak.

Only a Silver Grade Pranic Beast was perfect. Its powers were strong while its development needs were conservative. With his ability to recover Prana through Prana Bombs, everything lined up perfectly for Inala.

Moreover, the time period of 220 years was only if Inala were to traditionally cultivate. There were treasures available that could hasten this process.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha obtained various treasures, both big and small. Among them existed five major treasures that allowed him to attain a qualitative breakthrough every single time.

Cure! Attribute! Weapon! Pet! Seat of Transcendence!

The first treasure was the Cure to the Fragment Disease. And as explained by the previous Gannala, what Inala obtained wasn't the cure. All he did was get rid of the Fragment Disease plaguing him.

The one written as the cure in Sumatra Chronicles wasn't the actual cure. In the second information cluster he obtained from Gannala, the true cure was detailed. Resha had obtained it.

Once he got to know what the true cure was, Inala sighed, 'The current Resha already has around half his previous life's strength.'

"He's indeed a terrifying rival."



Chapter 143 Treasure of Attribute

A Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease had a potent concentration of an Empyrean Tusk blood in him.

Basically, among Mammoth Clansmen, he was the closest genetically to an Empyrean Tusk. That was why when two Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease copulate, they birth an Empyrean Tusk.

Of course, if the female didn't have enough foundation to nurture an Empyrean Tusk baby, she dies and the baby follows suit. Only those with a high cultivation at the Life Stage could birth a baby, and even then, there was a considerable risk of failure.

All Empyrean Tusks were birthed by Mammoth Clansmen.

The cure was very simple in essence. It was to mutate the genetic data of a Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease to give that final push for them to become an Empyrean Tusk.

The one that succeeds would become an Empyrean Tusk. Not a regular Empyrean Tusk but one that could cultivate, basically a portion of what Inala wished to achieve in baby Gannala. That was the cure.

By obtaining the cure, Resha's Primary Nature was upgraded.

The Primary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk is Internal Inertial Gravity, a power of gravity that affects the Empyrean Tusk body internally.

But when the same power can affect outside the body, that comes to be called External Inertial Gravity. When the two powers combine, they create Total Inertial Gravity, the Primary Nature Resha obtained.

It was why he could slingshot towards the Boar King during their fight. He had locked onto his target with External Inertial Gravity and caused both his body and the Boar King's to attract each other.

Only seven people had the qualifications to obtain the cure: Virala, Inala, Blola, Grehha, Yennda, Orakha, and Resha.

It was because they were Gannala's children in the genetic sense, with their genetic material closely resembling Gannala, the Supreme Tusk.

But here was where the issue lay.

It wasn't as if any Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease could obtain the power of an Empyrean Tusk if they absorbed the blood and essence of an Empyrean Tusk right as they broke through to the Body Stage.

They were simply unfit to absorb that.

Only the Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease of Gannala could do so. After all, they weren't children of an Empyrean Tusk but the Supreme Tusk.

Had Inala headed into the heart of any Empyrean Tusk and absorbed its blood for some time, he would have obtained the same power as Resha from Sumatra Chronicles.

It was why Blola and Virala had succeeded in becoming Empyrean Tusks. But, what they had wasn't the cure.

Only by absorbing the blood and essence from Gannala, the Supreme Tusk could they obtain the Primary Nature of Total Inertial Gravity. Unfortunately, Gannala only possessed enough for one of them.

She had expended everything else to create the paths in her seven children. Back then, when Inala was on the verge of awakening his bloodline, had he gone through the final push, he would simply obtain Internal Inertial Gravity, and gain the power to transform into an Empyrean Tusk, no different from Blola and Virala.

Therefore, she hoped that through their experience living in another world, the six reincarnates would find another cure. Unfortunately, there was less than a year available for that.

As a result, none of the reincarnates found a cure.

It was also because they couldn't communicate. They all relied upon Sumatra Chronicles and assumed the heart of an Empyrean Tusk to be the cure, when in truth, it was Gannala's heart all along, not because she was an Empyrean Tusk, but because she was the Supreme Tusk.

Sumatra Chronicles didn't state a lie. The reincarnates simply interpreted it falsely due to a lack of information.

Without the information Inala obtained from the previous Gannala, it would have been impossible to piece together this fact.

After all, even when they conversed during the time he fused with the Zinger Queen egg, time was too short. They could only exchange a few sentences. And this happened during the fusion process. Meaning, even if Inala were to find out, it was too late to find a solution.

It was the primary reason for the reincarnates failing to obtain the cure.

Among Gannala's seven children, two were dead. Blola and Virala used the blood of another Empyrean Tusk to gain its power. Grehha and Inala didn't even obtain an Empyrean Tusk's power.

In the end, only Resha obtained the cure. The cure gave him enough strength to even wound the Boar King. After all, Total Inertial Gravity was a cheat even among cheats. It had infinite uses.

It was why Resha already possessed half his previous life's strength. It had only been a year since his regression, but he already accumulated fifty years' worth of his previous life.

Among the five treasures, the first treasure—Cure—was obtained by Resha. The second treasure—Attribute—would appear at the Brimgan Empire twenty years later during the Second Major Disaster.

Every major treasure would appear during a Major Disaster. In the Fourth Major Disaster, the Pet and Seat of Transcendence would appear.

The Seat of Transcendence was so powerful that before it even appears, it releases powerful Prana fluctuation, alerting every cultivator and Pranic Beast of Sumatra Continent. As a result, billions of creatures would converge upon the region, resulting in a bloodbath once the Seat of Transcendence appears.

It was where the Boar King faced the Empyrean Tusk herd and annihilated the latter. Of course, the herd was already beaten and battered by then due to the hordes upon hordes of Pranic Beasts they had to face to approach the Seat of Transcendence.

Cure, Attribute, Weapon, Pet, and Seat of Transcendence; were each powerful in their own right. And with each major treasure he obtained, Resha's strength jumped in levels accordingly.

The treasure of Attribute grants an attribute to the owner's Prana. This attribute is granted based on the cultivator's Nature.

When he obtained it, Resha only had his Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Hence, the granted attribute was through it.

Once he obtained it, his Prana itself possessed the power of Internal Inertial Gravity. Therefore, any item containing his Prana too held the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Any Spirit Weapon he refines held that power. And one of the most broken uses of that was in him being able to create Storage Lanterns without limits.

Since his Prana had the property of Internal Inertial Gravity, as long as he was the one carrying it, the Storage Lantern could have a space surpassing a cubic metre and still remain stable and economical. Just that factor alone made it worth a fortune. But in battles, it made Resha even stronger.

Since through his Prana alone, he could unleash the might of Internal Inertial Gravity, what do you think would happen when he activates his Primary Nature atop that?

The answer was an OP MC!



Chapter 144 Leaving the Sandy-Grey Void

Prana was an energy required to activate a Primary Nature. But when it had the same properties as the Primary Nature, the resultant effect was a multiple. Therefore, Resha's power attained explosive growth, making him even more overpowered.

But at the end of the day, Resha was innately talented in battles. Therefore, his mind was geared only in that direction. Even after regression, he only planned to grow stronger faster.

The Attribute wouldn't even realise its full potential in his hands. Instead, it was better left to Inala.

Even though Inala obtaining the Attribute would make Resha weaker, he didn't care about that, 'In his past life, even with everything, he died a dog's death at the hands of Brangara. No matter how strong he becomes, he'll never be the Boar King's match.'

The reason was simple. Brangara was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that could cultivate and have multiple lives.

Even though Resha had the cure, he was a regular cultivator. Meaning, every time he took on an Empyrean Tusk form, he was burning through Prana to maintain the transformation. That wasn't all. An Empyrean Tusk was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic; the strength jump between every Grade was phenomenal. No Pranic Beast could overcome the Grade difference and defeat a higher-grade Pranic Beast in a one-on-one battle.

Even the Empyrean Boar was an exception only because its mind had collapsed. Therefore, it could be killed easily by a Silver Grade Pranic Beast while it was mimicking the habits of some Pranic Beast unsuited to its constitution.

When Brangara was an adult Empyrean Boar, he held the power of a true Gold Grade Pranic Beast. No Silver Grade Pranic Beast was his opponent.

In terms of power, this gap could never be overcome. Therefore, no matter what Resha does, he could never be the Boar King's opponent.

The Boar King only needs to activate a dozen Internal Inertial Gravity simultaneously and he would wield strength superior to Resha even if he were to have both the Cure and the Attribute.

The Boar King had more than a dozen Internal Inertial Gravity in his arsenal.

Therefore, the realistic way to fight the Boar King was to swarm him. And even though Inala was an Empyrean Zinger, a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, his power was regarding stealing Prana and Lifeforce.

Inala never planned to confront the Boar King. He only intended to set traps for the Boar King and gradually steal all his Lifeforce.

No matter how strong the Boar King got, if he ran out of lifespan, he'd die of old age. For that to happen, Inala had to get the treasure of Attribute.

Even though the reincarnates failed to obtain the Cure, they succeeded in ridding themselves of the Fragment Disease. Therefore, they no longer had to worry about their bones shattering at the slightest exertion and could truly fight for their desires.

All of them, including Resha knew the value of the Attribute. Hence, this time, the competition would be bloodier. In twenty years, everyone would become a powerful elite, also having significant battle experience under their belts.

They would have refined their battle styles and would have become proficient with their Natures.

The Second Major Disaster was more disastrous than the First Major Disaster. Not only was its scale bigger, but the level of enemies was also higher.

Zingers simply launched projectiles to fight. A puncture to their wings and they'll fall to their deaths. They were relatively easier to deal with.

However, the enemies in the Second Major Disaster had tougher bodies and fought head-on. It wasn't just that. The treasure of Attribute appeared in the Brimgan Empire, a major human civilisation.

The Brimgan Empire had existed for thousands of years and held a considerable level of foundation. Its peak powers were on a whole other level, almost on par with Mammoth Clansmen.

The Emperor and Princes possessed Human Avatars on the level of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. They were walking, talking disasters. They too would be actively participating in the Second Major Disaster for the ownership of the Attribute.

Yes, the enemies in the Second Major Disaster were Free Humans from the Brimgan Empire, a human civilisation that had produced cultivators who once ranked at the top of Sumatra Continent, beings on the level of Renduldu.

Their founder was rumoured to have been on the level of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the rarest exception in the history of Sumatra when a human surpassed a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

Due to the terrain at play, the Empyrean Tusks wouldn't be able to interfere. That implied the war was between Mammoth Clansmen and the Brimgan Empire people.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the war was portrayed as one of the most gruesome in the history of Sumatra. Over eighty percent of Mammoth Clansmen were annihilated in the war, causing their overall strength to dip to the extreme.

As a result, the Mammoth Clan failed to fulfil their duties following that, causing the strength of the Empyrean Tusk herd to weaken over time. Eventually, when the Third Major Disaster started, many Empyrean Tusks died.

By the time the Fourth Major Disaster started, the number of Mammoth Clansmen was at their minimum most. The Empyrean Tusks too were weak and exhausted. They were easy pickings for the Boar King.

It was the Second Major Disaster where they truly took an irrecoverable beating. 'Therefore, I need to obtain the Attribute before the war goes into full swing.'

Inala firmed himself and began to make up a plan accordingly.

"I've finished preparations," Asaeya said, slightly tired. She had just finished dumping all excess waste in their house into the Sandy-Grey Void. The region had already finished assimilating the excreta contents cast into it.

The large house was almost empty. They only had enough resources to last them a couple more days.

Asaeya fed a Prana Bomb into the mouth of the rocket. After ten minutes had passed and the two lungs were filled with compressed air, she came to inform him about it.

"Are you ready?" Inala asked.

"Yes, I have practiced enough," Asaeya said, having changed herself into a flowery dress, behaving naturally in it. She had also grown older, now appearing like a woman in her twenties. Her Lifeforce had been absorbed by a Life Bomb to assist with it.

She safely placed the Life Bomb—that Inala had shrunk to nail size—in a locket and strung it to her neck like a necklace. As long as she consumes it, she'll return to her original age.

The moment he created the Life Bomb, Inala grew a decade older, also resembling a man in his twenties. They planned to live as a couple in Ellora Trade City while making preparations for travelling to the Brimgan Empire.

Since they had a baby in tow, this was the most realistic choice. It was best to behave in a way no one would be curious about. Besides, for baby Gannala's mental development, they couldn't remain cooped up here.

At a thought from him, the rocket unleashed a thrust of air, causing their house to rush up through the grey sand and arrive at the surface soon after. Followed by another thrust, they glided over the sandy surface and landed on normal land enclosed by the circular Sandy-Grey Void.

It was nighttime as the Slump Lizards roamed the region. Asaeya climbed out and inhaled a deep breath before becoming relieved that she could vent out all her stress and frustration.

She raised her hand and clapped violently.



Chapter 145 Wood Sculptures

The Slump Lizards suddenly became blind, terrified in response. While they were helpless, a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a chakram sliced through their necks.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Controlling six Spirit Weapons, Asaeya slaughtered the Slump Lizards whose sight, hearing, and sense of smell had been robbed away. They simply became stationary targets for her to kill.

For the next three hours, Asaeya continued to kill them, creating a river of blood until she had vented fully. The slaughter allowed her to regain her usual demeanour, reverting to her original state of mind.

Moreover, through this fight, she had gotten used to her adult body. After all, not only had she bulked up in response, but she had also grown taller. So, she needed some time to become used to it.

While she was doing that, Inala chopped some trees and used his Sculptor Skill in conjunction with Puppetry Skill to make wooden sculptures.

He made realistic sculptures of Slump Lizards in both miniature and life-sized forms. With his current skill level, it was a lot easier.

Moreover, the Spirit Weapons he was using for the carving process were Prana Bombs shaped into carving tools. Therefore, he could increase or reduce their density as he pleased, allowing for a more diverse marksmanship.

Whenever they were tired, they would retreat to their house. Even though they planned to head to Ellora City, they weren't fully ready yet. There was still a bit of stuff left to do before they could embark on the journey.

For half the night, Inala carved sculptures. For the remaining half, he accumulated Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. By making them as small as possible, he stuffed them in his Storage Lantern.

Currently, in his Storage Lantern, the first floor had Empyrean Tusk bone powder. The second floor had realistic puppets of him, Asaeya, and baby Gannala. The third floor had clothes, money, and a bunch of miscellaneous items necessary for their life in the city next.

The fourth floor was filled with Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. Even though they looked identical, Inala could tell them apart. No one else apart from an Empyrean Zinger could do so.

Asaeya made portraits of mountains and rivers, drawing inspiration from the scenic beauty of the Dieng Canyon.

Soon, dawn approached as Inala and Asaeya entered their house along with all the wooden products they had carved. After arranging everything inside, they waited patiently, watching the Slump Lizards clean the ground of all traces of battle.

The blood, corpses, etc. were all cleaned away by then. They even took care of the wooden splinters resulted from the carving process, truly cleaning up the field.

If not for the tree stumps, Inala and Asaeya's actions would seem as if they never took place. There was a bit of confusion among the Slump Lizards as they stared at the tree stumps. It didn't tally with the image from their memories.

After some time, a Slump Lizard licked the tree stump with its tongue, infusing Prana through it. The tree stump absorbed the Prana and began to grow at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Two hours later, the tree looked no different from before Inala cut it. A group of Slump Lizards had lost their lives in the process of restoring the cut trees. Their corpses were dragged by their brethren into the river.

The river meandered throughout the region, possessing multiple tributaries, all of whom formed paths for the Slump Lizards to move about. It had been carved with a lot of care.

'Even the river here has been artificially carved.' Inala understood. There probably was a main river somewhere away. The five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts worked together to divert a large tributary through this region before it rejoined with the mighty river downstream.

Even that little tributary spanned many kilometres in breadth, appearing like an actual river that watered the region.

Of course, the region of the river within the Sandy-Grey Void was littered with Slump Lizards. Hence, no other Pranic Beast species dared to enter. If it tried to do so, it would be swarmed by the Slump Lizards.

Measures had been taken to ensure the Slump Lizards didn't cross the region marked by the ring of Sandy-Grey Void. Since the Sandy-Grey Void couldn't cover the river area, there existed something else preventing the Slump Lizards from spilling out.

It was probably the power of one of the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Get some rest," Inala said to Asaeya once the Slump Lizards had retreated into the water.

"What about you?" Asaeya asked as she fed baby Gannala.

"I still have something to do." Saying so, Inala sat atop his house and circulated Prana through his jaws.

Stage 1—Jaw!

"Kieeek!" He let out a shout in the language of the Empyrean Zingers. Following that, he remained silent. Almost a minute later, there was a response.

"Kieekeke!"

Hearing the response, Inala's expression morphed into one of both excitement and tension. He then waited patiently for a few hours, casually carving a sculpture in the meantime.

Soon, he saw a flight of entities gliding in the air. Grinning, he got up and extended his arms wide, "Come here!"

"Kieek!"

"Kuaak!"

"Guaa!"

More than thirty Empyrean Zingers rushed at him and landed around his house. Six of them turned into their miniature forms and landed on his head, chirping nonstop.

He read through the memories of each one after another, eventually focusing on the three new individuals.

Empyrean Zinger King!

Empyrean Zinger Queen!

There were two Empyrean Zinger Kings and one Empyrean Zinger Queen, obviously created through the trap laid for the Boar King. They hatched through the Prana and Lifeforce of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

That was why, even though the absorbed Prana and Lifeforce were for a short interval, the quality was so high it easily birthed them.

After they hatched, they remained in hiding until the Boar King left. Until then, they listened in on his actions, stealthily observing him in their miniature forms. Their presence was so faint he didn't bother with them in his state of anger.

Why would a peak existence bother about every ant that roamed around? Inala had picked a region with plenty of ants to bury the eggs.

And now, through their memories, Inala learnt of everything that had transpired. From the Boar King landing into the cave to him destroying everything in a fit of anger, he became aware.

Upon knowing that the Boar King scouted the location of the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and spent the majority of his time observing the five Ravaged Tribes, Inala derived what he intended to do.

Brangara planned to create his Clansmen. And the route he was taking was no different from what Gannala did at Sagar Kingdom.

Since he could transform into a human, he planned to create children through Free Humans. Eventually, there would arrive Clansmen through whom Empyrean Boars would be birthed.

"The future has changed tremendously," Inala muttered, but he wasn't pressured. In contrast, he was excited.



Chapter 146 Sumatra Zinger

Of course, even if the Boar King succeeds, the Clansmen would only give birth to Empyrean Boars and not Empyrean Boar Kings.

The natural birth of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast was impossible. The limit of a natural birth was the Gold Grade.

If an Empyrean Boar wishes to reach the Mystic Grade, it would have to follow Brangara's route. But why would someone that experienced his race's annihilation give way to another tragedy? He wouldn't ever reveal the method to reach Mystic Grade.

Besides, even if an Empyrean Boar were to swallow all its brethren, it still needed to harness a Bolt of Transcendence.

That will only happen when someone becomes a Transcendent nearby. Otherwise, the energy storm of Transcendence would never form.

Therefore, the chances of an Empyrean Boar becoming another Empyrean Boar King were next to nil.

The reason Inala was excited instead of feeling pressured was simple. Until now, the Boar King was like a wild card, roaming throughout Sumatra Continent as he hunted prey. He could go anywhere he pleased without facing any repercussions.

But now, he would have returned home to Varahan Enclave in preparation for creating his Clansmen. History had changed drastically indeed, but it was in Inala's favour.

The Boar King wouldn't leave Varahan Enclave until another Empyrean Boar was born. Therefore, he wouldn't be available to interfere in any grand plans Inala makes in the future.

That wasn't all.

Thanks to the memories of Brangara that he had obtained, Inala knew the entire layout of Varahan Enclave like the back of his hand. Therefore, he could scheme against it.

There was no place safer than Varahan Enclave in Sumatra Continent according to the Boar King, since it was an Enclave and also his home. The conditions naturally suited the birth and growth of Empyrean Boars.

It was the perfect place to raise his Clansmen. Therefore, the Boar King wouldn't pick any other place.

And once Empyrean Boars start to appear, he would be rooted to the place, protecting his young brethren and caring for them to ensure they developed mentally without consuming any Pranic Beasts.

That meant the unfettered Boar King had a weakness—his brethren. His actions would be limited to the region surrounding his home.

Moreover, due to the traumatic incident of his past, the Boar King wouldn't be inclined to leave the place at least until enough Empyrean Boars had reached maturity while retaining their intelligence.

Inala could target them and place traps throughout Varahan Enclave for the Boar King to stumble upon. The moment the Boar King moves to target the Empyrean Tusks, Inala would attack the Empyrean Boars with a swarm of Empyrean Zingers.

The Empyrean Boars would be a great source of Prana and Lifeforce to birth more Empyrean Zinger Kings and Queens.

Inala gently patted the Empyrean Zinger Queen, smiling, "You're doing well to raise your numbers. Continue doing so. In the future, once the Mudropper lays down an egg, steal it. We'll have a Mammoth Clansman fuse with it and use that power to create a region solely for Empyrean Zingers."

"Kieek!"

All he had to do was screech in the Empyrean Zinger tongue once to transmit all his thoughts to the Empyrean Zinger Queen. She was growing well.

Currently, they had perched themselves atop the mountain walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe. They developed while remaining hidden in their miniature forms.

After talking to them a bit, Inala sent them away. Once their numbers had reached a sufficient level, he could truly begin to scheme against the Boar King.

As there existed an Empyrean Zinger Queen, they could develop without his intervention or help. Of course, the ones birthed by the Empyrean Zinger Queen only possessed one Nature.

Only the ones created out of his Life Bomb were the Mutated Empyrean Zingers. The rest were simply Empyrean Zingers.

The difference between them and the regular Zingers of Dieng Canyon was their Grades—Silver and Iron respectively. Empyrean Zingers possessed a larger, stronger body, could glide longer and faster, and possessed a greater Prana reserve.

The Mutated Empyrean Zingers he creates could use Mystic Bone Art, but the ones created by the Queen weren't capable of the same. Moreover, when he touched the Empyrean Zingers birthed by the Queen, he couldn't read their memories.

They were also incapable of taking on miniature forms. It seemed only the Mutated Empyrean Zingers he created personally conformed to his rules. The rest were simply Empyrean Zingers.

Due to the King and Queen's presence, they didn't attack Inala. But in their absence, they would treat him no different from an outsider. After all, they were simply regular Empyrean Zingers.

There were some limitations, but it didn't matter in the end. As long as there existed a King and Queen among a group of Empyrean Zingers, the entire nest would heed his orders, since their rulers were part of his immune system.

Inala sent them away and retired for the day. He woke up in the evening and resumed his carving work alongside Asaeya. For an entire week, it was a nonstop grind.

The following day, Inala sneaked into Ellora City and spied upon the people there, gathering some more information. Accordingly, he and Asaeya practiced their characters and perfected their disguise. They also worked on their accent to conform more to the culture of the place.

It wasn't perfect, but they could act to the extent they weren't suspected.

As for their weapons, Asaeya carved them out of some iron she mined from the river. The exterior was iron while the interior was bone.

They were controlling the bone but made it seem as if they were controlling the piece of iron. After creating a bunch of Spirit Weapons, they were almost done with their preparations.

Inala then dismantled their home, using some of the pieces to fill the insides of a wooden cart he carved. The remaining was chucked into the Sandy-Grey Void, erasing all traces.

The cart was loaded with all the wood sculptures they had carved. The bone within the cart was simply to allow ease of pulling it forward with the aid of psychokinesis. Moreover, it served as an emergency ration of bone to create Spirit Weapons.

There finally was the rocket that he had painstakingly created using his organs. Inala refined it and began to shrink its size, making it a miniature form of its original. He optimised the layout of the internal organs inside and created a hand-sized instrument with a long barrel.

"That's a funny design." Asaeya commented, "What does it do?"

"This?" Inala tapped the barrel and watched it suck in air through the nozzle. Ten minutes later, he pointed it at a tree and loaded a miniature Prana Bomb in the barrel, "This is a weapon perfected to kill."

There was no mechanical trigger as it only needed a thought from him to activate. With his thought as the trigger, air gushed out of the barrel at terrifying pressures, sending the miniature Prana Bomb spiralling at speeds surpassing the sound barrier.

The Prana Bomb pierced through the closest tree, creating a hole an exact size of itself. It had high penetration power. With every tree it passed through, the size of the hole increased as more of its momentum was being transferred into the tree trunk.

After about a dozen trees, it slammed into one and caused its trunk to shatter, splattering wood splinters everywhere. Inala approached it and fished out the Prana Bomb, observing that it sported a mild dent, "This'll do."

He patted the instrument and commented, "This is my trump card."

"I'll call it," He stared at it and laughed, "The Sumatra Zinger."



Chapter 147 Entering Ellora Trade City

Standing before the gates of Ellora Trade City were four guards, donning colourful armours with intricate details. They were unnecessarily grand, emphasising more on form over function.

Though, a closer glance would reveal another armour inside, plain and simple in design. That was the actual armour meant to protect their bodies. The extravagant exterior armour was simply for demonstration purposes. It existed solely as a means to boast the stature of Ellora City.

After all, the Gate Guards were pretty much its face, being the first among the city's populace that any outsider would lay their gaze upon.

The four of them were at the Body Stage, having built around half their Human Avatars. The material they had fused with was almost on par with an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast in terms of quality.

It boosted their lifespan by a few decades.

Becoming a Gate Guard was the height of a commoner's career attainable through merit alone. Hence, these four garnered a lot of respect from the populace living closer to the gates.

"Halt!" One of them shouted and tapped the blunt end of his spear on the road, careful to not damage it.

There existed a set of cobblestone roadways connecting the various cities of Ganrimb Kingdom. As it was morning, traffic was minimal at best. Therefore, the guards had enough time to pay attention to the outsiders approaching the city gates.

The Gate Guard observed the cart that had stopped. It was only made from wood, but the workmanship was impeccable, the carving intricate. The loading area spanned around forty square metres, making the cart pretty large.

It was filled to the brim with items. Unfortunately, they were all encased by wooden boxes; hence the Gate Guards could not see the inside.

There was a seat at the forefront of the cart. Seated on it was a luxuriously dressed woman, captivating to the eye. She adorned a flashy outfit weaved using five colours, symbolising her power and authority.

In her hold was a baby that was asleep, cute. But a glance at her and the Gate Guard felt the urge to submit for some reason.

Pulling the cart alone was a youth in his twenties, sporting ripped arms that his flashy dress failed to conceal. He had shoulder-length hair tied into a tiny bun at the back, accentuating his sharp jawline.

Even though the cart seemed heavy, the youth was casually pulling it forward, his mannerisms akin to a noble, a very high-classed one at that, judging by the air of arrogance casually oozing out of his eyes.

Had anyone else exhibited such a level of arrogance, the Gate Guard would have taught them a lesson. The one that had shouted intended to do so at first, but a glance from the youth and he felt a formless pressure halt his thoughts.

It took him a couple of seconds and a nudge by his fellow Gate Guards to recover as he asked, "Your entry permit?"

"Here," The youth casually tossed over a decorated tablet. He didn't seem aware but was disrespecting the Gate Guard, something nobles did subconsciously.

And even though he was only at the entry-level of the Body Stage, he seemed vastly stronger than the Gate Guards. Moreover, his suffocating presence portrayed clearly that if the four of them were to gang up on him, they would be killed in a matter of seconds.

'He must be higher up on the social ladder, even amongst nobles.' Thinking as such, the Gate Guard stared at the items in the cart, "May I ask what you're carrying in them?"

"Wares to sell," The youth replied curtly and tossed out another decorated tablet, "This is my permit to set up shop and conduct a business."

The Gate Guard inspected both the permits and observed that they were the real deal. He then bowed and made way for the cart to enter, "Have an enjoyable stay."

"Welcome to Ellora Trade City."

Nodding in response, the youth casually pulled the cart and set foot on Ellora City officially, having entered it through its front entrance this time.

Leading straight from the entrance was a large road, spanning at least a hundred metres in width. Situated on both sides were massive buildings, spanning dozens of storeys, ranging from restaurants to high-end apparel showrooms.

As its name signified, Ellora City was a trade city. Import and export of goods was its selling point, as the majority of its populace was great at craft-related professions. The city was situated foothill of a mountain rich with mineral resources that were perfect for crafts of all shapes and forms.

The main road spanned a few kilometres in length and made a beeline to the centre where the City Lord lived.

As he walked through the main road, pulling the heavy-looking cart without breaking a sweat, the youth garnered a lot of attention from the onlookers. He then noticed flirtatious glances from the women dining at the upper-storey balconies of the high-end teahouses, feeling uneasy.

Until now, he was perfect with his acting. But getting so much attention wasn't his thing. Followed by an awkward cough, Inala continued to pull the cart, inscribing his thoughts into the Bone Slip carried by Asaeya.

[Am I really that attractive?]

Asaeya rolled her eyes at the statement but appeared smug as she replied through her Bone Slip in Inala's possession.

[From a Mammoth Clansman's perspective, you're slightly above average in terms of appearance. In these Human Kingdoms where appearance is highly valued, you're average at best. The aspect of you that's attracting these women is your strength and confidence. For some reason, women from Human Kingdoms find Mammoth Clan men charming.]

'I see. Sumatra Chronicles indeed showed such scenes but I thought it was only because of Resha's appearance. Honestly, that bastard ticks all the boxes of a Main Character, from appearance to overpowering strength.' Inala thought and replied.

[What about our Clan's women?]

Asaeya's smile grew deeper at that as she said, her eyes turning cold for a moment.

[They fear our Clan's women, of course. Any woman from the surface who managed to successfully charm one of our men mysteriously finds herself in the jaws of a Pranic Beast the next day. Truly pitiful.]

[Mysteriously?]

[Yup, mysteriously.]

Inala didn't continue the discussion after that. Mammoth Clan women disliked sharing their men with others, casually going in for the kill when displeased. Even Resha got stabbed by his lover simply for flirting with a woman mildly on the surface.

For a moment, Inala became distracted by remembering that scene from Sumatra Chronicles. He, along with other readers spammed memes at paragraphs where Resha was stabbed multiple times, not by a Pranic Beast, but by the woman he pledged affection towards.

But soon after, Inala returned to reality, understanding that Asaeya had the hots for him. Whether or not he liked her was another matter altogether. If he dares get chummy with another woman, he would have to prepare to lose all his senses.

It would be the day he'll personally experience the Grim Knell's power.

A Mammoth Clan woman will fight for her love interest without holding back in the slightest, oftentimes treading onto obsessive levels. Whether it was one-sided or not wasn't a concern for them. Of course, considering their very high death rate and the rapid need to replenish their numbers, it wasn't a surprise the women were obsessed.

[Where are we going?]

Asaeya asked next.

[Wait and see. I made some preparations already.]

Saying so, Inala parked the cart in a narrow alley right next to the main street, at the entrance of a dingy courtyard.



Chapter 148 Buying an Anklet Shop

Erwahllu Anklet Shop!

It was a dingy shop spanning a breadth of three metres and a couple metres in length. The shop's entrance was an old table on which a bunch of anklets were placed. Judging by the dust covering them, it had been a while since any customers appeared.

These anklets were unsold for months. Staring at them vacantly, seated behind the table with a paper fan in her hands was an old woman that kept watch on the narrow street.

This narrow street was once a bustling area when a local gang was active in the place and used it as their base of operations. But when the scale of their activity got too high-profile, the City Lord sent troops to curb the disturbance.

The gang was dissolved. The members were punished according to their criminal activities. Those who had committed milder crimes were sentenced to life at the mines. The rest were killed.

The gang members unfortunately had been children and family members of the shop owners of this street. With the gang destroyed, the older parents grew despondent. The majority of them simply waited for their deaths as they sat idly in their shops.

Erwahllu was one such woman. She was in her late eighties and was simply counting the days to her death.

Beside the shop was a gate leading into a large courtyard spanning at least two hundred square metres in area. This once used to be the area for the shop's logistics. Placed to the right and left of the courtyard were buildings serving as workplaces to create the anklets.

One was a plant for processing the raw materials while the other was for the end carving process. Both were decrepit now, having been abandoned for years, if not decades.

At the rear end of the courtyard was a house. It was a double-storey house with a balcony at the top, nothing fancy for the area, but it was comfortable enough to live in.

When Inala scouted through the city for a place to live, he chanced upon the house.

Upon arriving at a halt near the entrance, Inala stared at Erwahllu and bowed, "Grandma, I've arrived."

"I have transferred ownership of this place to you already." Erwahllu didn't even bat an eye as she placed a slab on the table. Carved on it was Inala's name and face, detailing his ownership of the place.

Carved on the back side were a map and accurate dimensions of the land area he owned. It had already been registered.

Inala barely used half of the money he stole from Safara to make the purchase. Considering the fact that this narrow alley was adjacent to the main road, he basically got it for dirt cheap.

"Grandma, this is my wife, Asaeya." Inala pointed at the luxuriously dressed woman and then lifted baby Gannala and approached Erwahllu, "She's my daughter."

"What a lovely child." Erwahllu smiled gently as she touched baby Gannala. Her eyes moistened, recalling her family that had been killed.

Many merchants had approached her after that incident to purchase her property. They were all based on the main road. So, they could easily extend their shop areas to encompass hers after they acquire it.

Erwahllu never gave in, and so did the rest of the people on the narrow street. They hated the big merchants to the core, since they were the cause that prompted the City Lord to destroy the gang.

She was stubborn originally, but now, she was in the last stretch of her life, not knowing if she would live to see the next day. Aware that her property would simply be seized by the large merchants upon her death, she hoped someone would come buy it.

Of course, the large merchants prevented anyone from doing so, keeping her property unsold for years since she had the thought. That changed upon Inala's arrival.

"This place is very old." Asaeya commented as she walked through the courtyard, "The buildings will collapse the moment we start our training."

"Well, hardly anyone lived in here for decades." Inala said, "So, it's only natural. You shouldn't focus on this. This place is right next to the main road. With a bit of advertisement, I can bring in a lot of traffic."

The once-silent courtyard became noisy at the arrival of the family of three. Erwahllu calmly stared at them, feeling the final days of her life wouldn't be dull and uninteresting.

"Grandma, can we rebuild the place?" Inala asked, respectfully. Even though he had gained ownership of the place, the clause in their contract stated Erwahllu would reside in the place until she died of old age.

He wasn't bothered by it. Or rather, he welcomed it. An old grandma was the best to have around when raising a kid. She could impart wisdom to baby Gannala through her life experiences.

"Do whatever you want." Erwahllu didn't seem to mind, "You're the owner now."

"Thank you." Inala bowed and began to discuss with Asaeya about the rebuilding plans.

'He's such a polite child.' Erwahllu thought as she observed Inala and Asaeya. 'They are young and strong. Judging by their clothes and mannerisms, they are probably nobles that had fled here from another city.'

Politics existed everywhere. It wasn't rare for someone in power to lose everything to a rivalling family member and was met with no other choice but to flee somewhere else. A glance at Inala and she knew he had a history. It was one of the reasons she decided to sell her home to him.

Erwahllu remained seated in her place while Inala began to transfer the wares on the cart into the house.

It hadn't even been a few minutes since their arrival when a group of men, armed with blades approached the shop. There were seven of them, at varying levels of strength at the Spirit Stage.

The one at the lead was a burly man with a rough moustache. His beard seemed like a patchwork on his face, irregular and unkempt, granting him the perfect appearance of a thug.

Staring at the cart, the burly man snorted aloud, "A bastard dares buy the shop that Establishment Lord Maharell was eyeing?"

"You rotten old woman. Have you gone senile?" He growled at Erwahllu, growing angrier upon seeing her ignore his existence.

He shifted his gaze to the cart and stared at the wares on it, grinning cunningly as he kicked the cart with all his strength, intending to demolish it. His foot slammed into it with a bang, denting the wooden exterior.

But unlike what he had assumed, the cart didn't break, for a moment confusing him. Before he could attack again, he lost consciousness.

When he woke up, he, along with his six cronies, were tied up on the floor, forced to kneel. Casually seated before them was Inala who stared at them as if they were dirt, "Say…"

His voice oozed power and authority, causing the burly man's heart rate to spike, "How many limbs do you wish to retain?"

"Your choice is between limbless and death."



Chapter 149 Attacking First

The group of thugs was sent by a powerful man. Trying to reason with them was a simple waste of time. Moreover, Inala didn't wish to lose brain cells trying to hear whatever crap they had to say in order to take action against him.

Hence, he simply attacked first. His Prana Hand flew around and punched all seven thugs squarely in the jaw, knocking them unconscious. He then tied them up, thinking of a plan of action while waiting for them to get up.

Of course, Inala had already investigated the dynamics of the place before he bought it. Safara was a rather ambitious woman, keeping tabs on people in power. She used her smarts to manoeuvre her way through the political scene of the marketplace and emerge successful.

She was his primary source of information. Whether he wanted funds, information, etc. Inala simply paid her a visit and got what he wanted. Through that, he knew Maharell, Establishment Lord of Ellora City's largest warehouse had set his sights on this property.

It bordered one of his establishments. And by annexing the area, he could expand the establishment and become even more prominent.

The majority of the people living in the narrow alley were old, with no successors. After the major merchants locked traffic to the alley, the lives of the people there took a turn for the worst. They made no money and simply lived the days watching dust accumulate on their wares.

By cutting off their means to make a living, the large merchants were trying to force them to sell their properties. Inala had investigated it already, which was why he placed himself in the middle of this cold war.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the Mammoth Clan operated alone, remaining on the backs of Empyrean Tusks. Despite the vast power they possessed, capable of overturning entire Kingdoms casually, they never used it.

It was why once things turned bad due to the Boar King, they failed to recover.

Simply having strength wasn't enough. There were plenty of other factors involved. He was from Earth and had been an avid viewer of geopolitics, knowing how many countries played their games to keep each other in check.

The military was merely the last bastion to turn to. The greatest weapon they relied upon to exert dominance was economics, especially through trade.

As a Mammoth Clansman, even at the entry-level of the Body Stage, Inala was strong. Adding onto his three Natures, he could even fight a 2-Life Stage cultivator from the Human Kingdom. With his level of power, he could spread his influence.

Setting up shops in Ganrimb Kingdom with Free Humans who had pledged loyalty to the Mammoth Clan was their surest way to exert influence. These shops would be able to operate without issues, since they were being backed by one of the strongest forces on Sumatra.

When necessary, the Mammoth Clan will ask these shops for a portion of the revenue. This way, even if the Empyrean Tusks exhausted their resources by fighting the Boar King, they could recover faster.

As long as such spheres of influence were set up in all Human Kingdoms and Empires, the Mammoth Clan would have a robust foundation of resources to rely upon.

Of course, he could only use Free Humans for this. Human Kingdoms and Empires were strict in maintaining their purity.

Moreover, Free Humans at the Life Stage were able to sense whether or not someone was a Free Human or not. And upon finding them, the Kingdoms and Empires would flush out the people that they considered 'infected.'

Even Inala wasn't an exception to this rule. The moment he unleashes his Prana, his identity as a Mammoth Clansman will be revealed. Ganrimb Kingdom would come for his throat.

'Well, there are things I can do in preparation for that. I still have plenty of time for it.' Inala thought and focused on the task at hand, 'Let's not get carried away and deal with this situation first.'

He removed the bindings of a thug and kicked him out of the courtyard, "Tell your boss to come crawling here with his tail between his legs. Otherwise, I'll be coming for his neck."

"Y-Yes," The thug scurried away in fear.

Since Maharell was keen on obtaining this property, he would continue to harass the place. Instead of passively defending against the attacks, it was best to strike first. Freeing one of the thugs was only to alert the other party into investigating the place.

It would cause him to delay a retaliation, giving Inala more than enough time to act.

"Can you move the rest of the wares inside?" Inala asked Asaeya who stared at him in worry.

"I can do it, but aren't you being too hasty about this?" Asaeya was hesitant, "We don't know who is backing Maharell and how strong they are. Since the people here came from the Brimgan Empire, they would have plenty of powerhouses among them on the same level as our masters. You shouldn't underestimate them."

"Who said I'm underestimating anyone?" Inala laughed and stared at her, asking, "Do you know that the stronger one's backing, the greater their arrogance and the more ballsy they become?"

"Yes," Asaeya nodded after giving some thought, "You make sense, but how does that correlate to your recklessness here?"

"Am I being arrogant enough?" Inala grinned.

Asaeya's eyes widened, "So, you want to fool your enemies into believing that your backer is above everyone else."

"Pretty much," Inala nodded, "So, they'll stop harassing me and instead focus all their energy on finding out who my backer is."

"But if they do that, they'll eventually figure out that no one's backing you," Asaeya said.

"I do have a backer though." Smiling as such, Inala calmly walked out of the courtyard and approached the establishment where Maharell stayed, "The strongest backer in fact."

He was a Mammoth Clansman. His backer was the infamous Mammoth Clan which had destroyed many Kingdoms simply when angered. All Inala was doing here was acting in such a way that his foes would assume his backer is someone from the Ganrimb Kingdon's upper echelon.

Whether or not they figured out the truth didn't matter. After all, in either case, he's not someone they could touch without suffering the consequences of annihilation.

Maharell Wares and Services!

It was a sprawling building on the main road of Ellora Trade City, selling everything from carpets to Elixirs. Two guards stood at the entrance, revealing their presence of Body Stage cultivators.

A large number of people entered and exited this twelve-storey building that occupied at least a hundred thousand square metres in area, the size of a typical shopping mall on Earth.

Behaving like the natives, Inala occupied a lot of space as he walked and entered the establishment, looking through the wares as he enacted his scheme.



Chapter 150 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 1)

Intricately decorated shelves littered the place, creating numerous aisles to shop around. Of course, the items here weren't that expensive. Hence, security was minimal. The staff only existed to point the customers to the location of their desired item.

On the ground floor were simple utensils. The first to the fifth floor had clothes. The sixth floor contained food items ranging from rice to spices. The items from the seventh to twelfth floor were related to cultivation, from weapons to elixirs.

Inala arrived at the eleventh floor that sold medicines and Elixirs. The floor space made it vast. With rows upon rows of precious goods available on the shelves, it painted a sharp display of Establishment Lord Maharell's wealth and influence.

The majority of them were medicines though. From the variety that treated illness, diseases, and sickness to those that aided in building up one's constitution, gave clarity of mind, increased training efficiency, etc.

There was a small section at the very end that sold Elixirs. Majority of them were Low-Grade Elixirs that upon consumption granted 100 Prana. Encased in decorated glass containers were Mid-Grade Elixirs that granted 400 Prana upon consumption. There were only a dozen of them.

Inala couldn't see the sight of any High-Grade Elixirs. Due to their value, they wouldn't be sold in a shop. Rather, they would be auctioned to high-paying customers.

Even though Elixirs raised one's Prana, they couldn't be consumed in succession. That would straight up destabilise the Spirit Container. Therefore, long intervals were required before another could be consumed.

Elixirs worked on building up the Spirit Container and then filling up the required Prana. Therefore, the cultivator needed to spend a lot of time acclimating to the change.

But using a higher grade of Elixir granted greater strength. Even though the acclimation process was even longer, during that entire time, they were vastly stronger than if they consumed a Low-Grade Elixir.

Inala currently had a bit more than 120 Prana. If he were to consume a High-Grade Elixir, he'd straight up reach 920 Prana. Even though he'll have to acclimate for years, in all that duration, he was strong, possessing 920 Prana, in contrast to 220 Prana if he were to consume a Low-Grade Elixir.

The rich ones simply consumed a High-Grade Elixir and spent the rest of the acclimation duration building their bodies. It was more efficient this way.

The moment he set foot on the floor, three nail-sized entities slipped out of his sleeves and crawled toward the closest rack. Following that, they climbed the racks and made their way to the ceiling, remaining inconspicuous as they trailed between the edges of the rack and the ceiling.

They remained within his Spirit Weapon range, allowing Inala to observe everything they witnessed.

Two staff members laid their eyes on him upon his entry, watching his every move. They weren't concerned as long as he roamed in the medicine section. But the moment he began to walk towards the Elixir section, they became alert.

Those who dared to purchase an Elixir were among the wealthy and powerful. So, they had to provide the best service to please the customers. Another job of the staff was to ensure none stole the Elixirs.

Even among the wealthy, such people existed, intending to get more than what they paid for. The staff were responsible for preventing such things.

'One, two, three…a total of twelve staff. Eight are in uniform and four are mixed among the customers.' Through the eyes of the three Empyrean Zinger Scouts, Inala got a bird's eye view of the Elixir section.

Following that, he observed the actions of everyone. Every customer was accompanied by a staff that told them the properties of every Elixir on display. The staff also watched the actions of the customers to ensure they didn't sneak in an Elixir or two during their purchase.

There was security at the exit of the establishment that scanned through the purchased goods. They had marked the goods similar to the Bone Slips used by Virala. Therefore, they had the means to detect thievery.

But it was best to prevent things from getting to that point. If someone wealthy and powerful was caught stealing, they'd develop bad blood with the establishment. It was best for a business to avoid such things.

"Sir, may I know what you're looking for?" One of the staff paying attention to Inala stepped forward the moment he entered the Elixir section.

"I need four Low-Grade Elixirs," Inala stated his request.

"This way, please." The staff bowed and guided him to a shelf, "We have a variety on display here, from Low-Grade Elixirs that grant 20 Prana to 100 Prana."

Depending on the materials used, the effects and side effects of the Elixirs varied. The staff began to explain them.

In the meantime, an Empyrean Zinger Scout crawled on the ceiling and stalked a lone staff. Right as the staff approached a region that avoided the eyes of others, the Empyrean Zinger Scout dropped from the ceiling and glided in its miniature form, increasing its weight to the limit.

It then slammed into his jaw, knocking him unconscious. The Empyrean Zinger Scout held his clothes and behaved like a parachute to prevent him from falling hard. It gently laid him on the floor and proceeded to drag his body towards a staff exit.

Inala was controlling their bodies to give them cues on when to move and what action to take. Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch over the Elixir section while the third scout took out the staffs one after another.

While the staff was explaining about elixirs to Inala, the scout slammed into his jaw and knocked him out. His body was hidden behind the counter and later dragged into the staff exit.

"Excuse me, can you come here for a second?" Inala approached a staff that was talking to another customer.

'Why isn't someone there to guide him? Are they slacking?' The staff thought but didn't voice it aloud. He then apologised to the customer he was serving and asked for a moment.

He approached Inala and asked, "Can I help you, sir?"

"Yeah, the person explaining the Elixir variety to me left suddenly. He was extremely rude." Inala acted annoyed, "It seems this establishment has grown too big for its own good, considering this is the service you provide to your valuable customers."

"I apologise for the behaviour of our staff, sir. Please be assured that I'll take up the case with my superior and see to it that he is punished." The staff bowed in a hurry and then pointed at a nearby shelf, "We'll offer you a discount on one of our products. I hope this at least makes up a little for our mistake."

"You better offer something like that." Inala snorted grumpily and approached a shelf. He casually looked through, making the staff follow him. And once they were out of sight from the others, an Empyrean Zinger Scout slammed into his jaw and knocked him unconscious.

While the poor staff was dragged into the staff exit, Inala approached another staff, repeating the same.

A few minutes later, there were grumbling customers throughout the Elixir section, wondering where the heck all the staff members disappeared.

Many were vocal about it, shouting in anger, causing the staff from the medicine section to scurry towards them in an effort to apologise. That created a lot of chaos and focused the attention of everyone on the raging customers.

In the meantime, Inala casually pocketed all twelve Mid-Grade Elixirs and a bunch of Low-Grade Elixirs.



