Chapter 191 Now, You Pay the Price

Ellora City Wall!

Soldiers ran across it, taking up positions, concentrated primarily in the direction facing the Angan River. The wall had been reinforced and elevated to a height of two hundred metres.

It was over forty metres thick, creating a large enough room for the soldiers to run around and position themselves. The wall wasn't vertical but had an incline to ensure it didn't collapse upon its own weight.

Gudora personally used his powers to erect this crystal wall. Hence, it was ridiculously tough. At present, soldiers littered the place, brimming with fighting spirit.

Ellora City had a population close to ninety thousand people. After Gudora's announcement, the people from the nearby three towns fled to the city to take refuge.

Each town had around twenty thousand people, adding to a collective sixty thousand people from the towns alone.

After that were villages that were within Ellora City's sphere of influence. Every village had anywhere from a thousand to two thousand people living in it, primarily reliant on farming and animal husbandry.

The Ganrimb Kingdom consisted of seven Cities, 19 Towns, and over 200 villages. Currently, the people from three Towns and thirty-five Villages have gathered in Ellora City, raising its overall population to over two hundred thousand.

Such a massive population granted Ellora City a large pool of strength to draw upon. Currently, the number of soldiers crossed twenty thousand, all of whom were at the Body Stage.

The number originally was smaller. But as it was a time of war, Gudora didn't stint on resources and hurriedly elevated the strength of any soldier who showed talent, bringing them to the Body Stage.

According to their tactics, the soldiers were given minerals to build Human Avatars. A week's time wasn't enough to consolidate much strength, but the soldiers managed to cement their foundation.

A good number of them were at the early phase of the Body Stage. But that was only among the lower levels of the city's power.

Many captains were at the peak of the Body Stage and in charge of elite raid squads were cultivators at the Life Stage.

Ellora City currently had over a hundred cultivators at the Life Stage, eighty of whom were at the 2-Life Stage while the remainder were at the 3-Life Stage.

Gudora's children were at the 4-Life Stage, numbering six in total. The City Councillor was at the 6-Life Stage. There were three organisation heads at the same cultivation level too.

Though their battle strength was limited, the large merchants were all at the 6-Life Stage, serving as a reserve force whose only task was to chuck out large attacks at the targets. As they weren't fighters, that was the limit to what they could be counted upon.

Finally, standing at their peak at the 8-Life Stage was Gudora, the Ellora City Lord. He stared with a solemn gaze and observed the Slump Lizards bombarding the city wall, announcing calmly, "Don't bother attacking them."

"They'll serve as a buffer and use up more of the Centingers' strength!" His words eased up the tense hearts of the soldiers. He kept watch, observing large shadows loom over the horizon, "They're coming. Be ready!"

'Why hasn't Hanya erected the shield yet?' Gudora stared up and frowned, failing to see the sludge dome that should have appeared by now. He turned around and stared at the City Lord Estate, turning serious upon noticing more than half of it was in rubble, "Why hasn't anyone told me about it?"

Only then did the soldiers near him turn around and stare at the City Lord Estate. They had been busy with their preparations to keep an eye on the City Lord Estate. It couldn't be helped since everyone was nervous due to the claim that the Centingers this time would be the most numerous in history.

Also, no one dared to attack the City Lord Estate, as powerful guards had been posted all around it. Even though a good portion of them had arrived at the walls, there were still enough at the estate to thwart anyone who dared to do so.

"Sir, every cultivator above the Spirit Stage is here." One of the soldiers said, "And with Lady Hanya there, the City Lord Estate is still the safest."

'No, there's one more that's above the Spirit Stage.' Gudora frowned and leapt, making a beeline to his home while leaving behind a command, "Execute as planned. I'll return shortly!"

"Yes, City Lord!" The cultivators at the Life Stage took charge of the situation and controlled the large army.

Gudora landed on the ground and caused a crystal spike to jut out with force, shooting him straight to the City Lord Estate. He landed on the estate's garden and looked around solemnly at the dead ground bereft of life, "This is Hanya's Sludge Explosion Skill. Was she cornered enough to use this?"

He hurriedly rushed in the direction where waves of Prana were emanating from, arriving at a large crater filled with hundreds of mini craters, "No…NO!"

He stared at Hanya's corpse whose head had been rendered into floor graffiti, 'Don't lose your cool. She's only lost one life…'

His thoughts came to a halt upon seeing a second corpse of Hanya that was lodged with enough Prana Bomb spears to resemble a porcupine. A bad feeling welled up in his heart as he rushed forward, skidding on the sludgy ground and ended up colliding into a wall.

The wall shattered and revealed Hanya's third corpse, one that had been cleanly decapitated. By this point, despair set in him as his body wobbled forward, slowly walking towards the last location generating Prana waves.

There, slumped on the wall, lacking a head was her last corpse, withered, sucked out of all its Prana and Lifeforce. Strewn on her lap and the ground beside was her brain matter, an absolutely brutal final death. "Hanya…"

He collapsed to the ground and teared up, "How…why?"

"How did this happen?" He extended his hand and gently touched her shoulder, erupting in rage when her body slid into a nearby crater and crumbled, "Inala!"

"WHEREVER YOU ARE, I'LL BUTCHER YOU!" Blood dripped out of his eyes in anger and he bellowed like a crazy beast, "Arghhh!"

Prana billowed out of him in fury, causing sonic booms as waves of vapour cones were generated everywhere, levelling the region. He wanted to do nothing else but slaughter the cause behind his dear wife's death.

"Idiot!" There was a sudden shout from behind him, causing him to turn around and unleash his attack. He stopped upon seeing a puppet head, unrealistic, made with crude workmanship. It opened its mouth as Inala's voice resounded, "It's good and all that you're unleashing your anger, but don't you realise the situation?"

"By now, I would have crossed the Sandy-Grey Void ring. So, finding me is impossible. Rather, sensing the strength displayed by your raging eruption, the Centingers will rush here, happy to accept the challenge." The mouth moved up and down, laughing, "You'll have to face more Centingers than you had expected, because of your mistake. So, have fun dying."

The puppet stared at Gudora, dead in the eyes, "Yes, it was your mistake antagonising me. And now,"

"You pay the price."



Chapter 192 The Millinger Catastrophe Begins

"Now, you pay the price."

Hearing the puppet's scorning voice, Gudora unleashed his crystal mist, turned the puppet head into crystal, and shattered it into powder. He unleashed his Prana radially, enveloping the entire City Lord Estate, looking for Inala's traces. 'He's not here.'

He grunted in anger, observing the corpses of soldiers strewn across the estate. Everyone there had been slaughtered, with Hanya being the last of them. 'He killed Lurt too.'

"Inala!" Gudora was unable to control his anger, but the puppet's words continued to echo in his mind. Indeed, as explained by the voice, the moment Gudora unleashed his presence in full display, the energy waves billowed out of Ellora City.

The Centingers far away would consider it a challenge. After all, an 8-Life Stage cultivator was strong enough to kill two or three of them easily. Therefore, killing such an enemy would net them the greatest number of points.

As a result, more Centingers were drawn to Ellora City, raising the pressure it faced. Since the puppet taunted him, Gudora realised that he had noticed too late. Based on the state of Hanya's corpse, she had been killed at least an hour before.

That was more than enough time for Inala to flee the Kingdom. Without knowing in which direction he was fleeing, chasing after him was impossible.

"I must protect my city." Gudora tried his best to calm himself as he rushed back to the city walls. He lost his wife, yes. But his children and grandchildren were still in the city. He had to protect them all. Therefore, it wasn't time to dwell on hatred and chase after an enemy that had fled the place.

"One day, Inala." Gudora made a vow, "One day, I'll kill your loved ones before your eyes, torture you, and convert you into a beast that cleans the city's sewer with his tongue, forever!"

38 Centingers were rushing towards Ellora City, intent to raze it down. Seeing the massive city walls only excited them, for the stronger the target, the greater the points they could farm.

Before they approached the range of their artillery strike, Gudora returned to his post. Seeing his seething anger, everyone realised that something had happened to Hanya, especially since there was no sludge dome covering the city's airspace.

"We'll butcher them all!" Gudora roared, his authority intoxicating as it spread to all the soldiers. Soon, killing intent reverberated throughout the region, growing like the tide before slamming into the incoming Centingers.

Unknown to Gudora, seated in one of the shelters, taking rest while rubbing her aching throat was a seventeen-year-old girl, the sole person in the anxious-ridden crowd who was fast asleep.

It was Inala!

After killing Asaeya, he looted the City Lord's treasury dry. He didn't have the time to look through them, for he was dead tired. Hence, after swallowing them all into his biome, he sneaked into a shelter by assuming his female form.

At a corner in the shelter where girls his age cowered around, he took a spot, closed his eyes, and fell asleep. Hidden amidst his clothes was the Empyrean Zinger King in its miniature form. He had collected all the scattered Empyrean Zingers before running to the shelter.

Except for the Empyrean Zinger King, all other Empyrean Zingers were within the biome in his stomach. As Inala used the Prana Blood Skill against Hanya, he was currently reeling from the side effects, using some lifeforce to heal faster.

But even otherwise, he needed rest, having not had a wink of sleep for eight days. He had already gone a day without sleep when he was captured. If he doesn't take ample rest, he will collapse before he manages to meet up with Asaeya and baby Gannala.

"Who is she?" A trembling girl seated nearby Inala stared at him and wondered, asking around, "How can she sleep in such a situation?"

"Look at her dirty clothes. She's probably from the slums." Another girl commented and covered her nose, "There's a stench coming from her. Gosh! How long has it been since she last bathed?"

At least, commenting about Inala allowed the girls to recover some peace of mind, calming down from their originally tense state. But that was all they could do.

Most of them had less than thirty Prana. In this situation, there was nothing they could do. Their control over a Spirit Weapon wasn't even good enough to harm an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, not to mention the type of enemies they were currently facing.

They weren't even trained in the way of combat, instead focusing on other aspects of life.

Seated at the very front of the shelter were able-bodied men and women, those at the peak of the Spirit Stage or close to it. They served as a reserve force for the City Lord.

The only reason they weren't participating is because Ellora City ran out of resources necessary to elevate them to the Body Stage. As cultivators at the Spirit Stage didn't have enough power in their attacks to make a difference, they were kept on standby.

But everyone knew one thing. If this reserve force had to be called upon, then it meant their city was on the verge of doom.

"Steady!" Gudora said and watched the Centingers come within a range of ten kilometres from them. Upon noticing their pacing slow down, he announced quickly, "Archers! Take position!"

Standing at the forefront of the city wall were eight thousand Body Stage cultivators. Simultaneously, they activated their Human Avatars, transforming their hands into a rubbery substance covered by glitter that resembled a lustrous metal.

Immediately, a crossbow formed on both their hands, ridiculously tough. The glittery substance accumulated into the crossbow to form an arrow. The moment it finished forming, the crossbow began to load, accumulating more and more elastic potential.

Prana surged in the arrows, turning them deadlier as the soldiers calmly aimed them forward.

"Load!" At Gudora's shout, a team of soldiers activated their Human Avatars and touched the arrow bolts, infusing their Prana into it. They grew Human Avatars with poisonous properties, capable of infusing them into the arrows the other soldiers created.

"For my family." A soldier clasped his hands together and faced his hands forward. The crossbows on either hand were parallel to each other, continuing to accumulate power. "For my home!"

From ten kilometres to eight, seven, six, five…the scuttling legs on the Centingers were brimming with Prana, having finished charging up their artillery attack. The moment they stop, the attack would be launched.

As they slowed down, Gudora counted down, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two…"

His eyes seethed with bloodlust as the moment the Centingers stopped, he shouted, "One!"

"Shoot!" Both sides launched an artillery strike.

The Millinger Catastrophe had officially begun!



Chapter 193 Intricate Defensive Arrangements

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Tens of thousands of spikes, with each spanning a metre in length shot out from the 38 Centingers, making an arc before they approached Ellora City, intending to decimate the latter.

But shortly before they had launched their attack, Gudora commanded the soldiers to shoot the arrows. Typically, when the Centingers unleashed a large volley, they remained steady to accumulate power.

For a few seconds, they remained stationary targets, unable to move, for doing so would throw off their aim, not to mention cause the accumulating Prana to go haywire. That few seconds was the perfect window to target them and Gudora had been aiming for exactly that.

Right as the Centingers shot their spikes, arrows rained down on them, seeping poison upon contact. It was a Thermal Poison, one that resulted in an oil fire. And the more this fire burned, the more it sucked the body's fat contents, using them to generate more oil to fuel itself.

Thermal Poison was the most effective against them and hence was used right from the start.

Eight thousand Body Stage cultivators had shot two arrows each, resulting in a whopping sixteen thousand arrows, all imbued with Thermal Poison, resulting in a sea of flame in the region with the 38 Centingers.

"Screeee!" One of the Centingers at the forefront screeched in pain, for it had been targeted the most. Its centipede upper body dug into the ground as the rest of its body followed suit, burrowing deep in a matter of seconds.

With the oxygen cut off, the fire died out soon enough. The Centinger circulated Prana through its body and mended the damage, surfacing a good ten minutes later. But the moment it came out, its body caught fire once again.

Thermal Poison would continue to burn as long as it had fuel to do so. And as it had already seeped into the Centinger's shell, it will catch flame the moment it surfaces.

Screeching in pain, the Centinger burrowed back. And this time, its centipede upper body wiped off the Thermal Poison using its Primary Nature.

Capable of selectively targeting and able to permeate through all other surfaces, the moment the Centinger focused on the Thermal Poison as the target, its Primary Nature destroyed it, not affecting its body in the slightest.

It then took a few more minutes to heal its injuries and surfaced, this time not catching fire. It looked around, noticing that the rest of its rivals were still burrowed underground, recovering. Grinning upon realising that it was the fastest to recover, its centipede upper body gobbled a bunch of Slump Lizards and digested them to replenish its expended Prana.

It then charged at Ellora City.

A few minutes earlier, the moment the eight thousand Body Stage cultivators shot two arrows each, they retreated to the back, as another eight thousand came front.

Watching the artillery projectiles approach them, these eight thousand Body Stage cultivators activated their Human Avatars, causing their hands to transform into liquid metal.

This liquid metal had the properties of hardening into any shape they desired, hence was versatile enough for all situations. Moreover, the mineral, Parff was the most abundant mineral in the region. At the Intermediate Iron Grade, and with its abundance, Parff was the most common mineral sought after by the soldiers.

In order to conserve their Prana, all the soldiers only transformed their hands, for that alone was enough for their attacks. Transforming their entire body would only be a needless waste of Prana.

Large metallic discs formed in their hands as the Body Stage cultivators rotated like a spinning top and launched the discs in the air. One after another, the metallic discs arched through the sky and gradually lifted themselves, causing their flat surfaces to face the incoming projectiles.

Rata-Tata-Tat!

Thunderous ringing sounds echoed in the region as the artilleries melted through the metallic discs one after another. But in response, the power in them was being expended, causing both their momentum and melting potency to drop.

The metallic discs flew to a distance of a kilometre from the city walls, as a result, capable of intercepting the projectiles early on.

"Shields!" Gudora roared upon seeing many spikes make their way past the metallic discs. At his shout, the reserve four thousand Body Stage cultivators roared before puffing out frosty air that spread out like a blizzard.

The ability was activated in unison, coordinated to move as one unit. Like a fierce avalanche, it blasted forth with force and slammed into the spikes, reducing their momentum as a layer of frost formed on them.

The moment the layer of frost became large enough, the cultivators that had unleashed the blizzard were able to treat the incoming projectiles as their Spirit Weapon, activating their psychokinesis to the max to reduce their momentum.

But even then, not all the spikes were slowed down. Many slipped through the metallic discs and, hence hadn't lost any momentum and potency. Those spikes pierced through the blizzard and closed in on the city wall.

Forming the final defensive line were Gudora and his family of Royalty. They unleashed a thin crystal mist and layered it at the end of the layer of blizzard. The moment any spikes touched the crystal mist, they would know and focus their power on the region to fully crystallise and shatter the projectiles.

Moreover, standing before the soldiers were cultivators with Parff, having created large dome-like shields.

Soon, spikes spewed out like a torrent and slammed into these shields. The majority of them had lost all their power and were in pieces, with a good fraction of their bodies turned into crystal dust.

But at the end of the day, human errors existed in a projectile battle. As a result, some spikes managed to preserve enough power through everything as they slammed into the defensive shields and punctured a hole.

Most, if not almost all of them were stopped eventually within the thick shields. Some managed to pierce through even that and slammed into the soldiers, eliciting screams from the targets whose bones began to melt.

"Treat them, hurry." Gudora said and shouted, "What's the casualty?"

"Three dead and fourteen injured." Gudora's eldest son made the report, "The injured can return to battle once treated."

"Then, hurry." Gudora then issued another command, "Retract the frost mist and create pathways to launch our projectiles. We have less than eight minutes before the second volley arrives!"

Centingers were experts in long-range warfare. And with enough food at their disposal, the battle was bound to take some time.

The mating season lasted an entire three months, so the Centingers weren't in a hurry. Moreover, once they surfaced and saw the bare minimum of deaths caused by their attacks, they only became more excited.

The tougher the opponent, the greater the generated points when the threat is vanquished. In excitement, they rushed for a hundred metres and unleashed another artillery strike, intending to close the gap bit by bit.

Five kilometres was the farther end of their attack range. They intended to probe the enemy from afar and gradually pressure them by inching closer little by little. Once they have a complete understanding of the enemy, they would go in for the kill and enter close combat.

If Gudora fails to kill them by then, his city will be destroyed.



Chapter 194 A Losing Battle

Within one of the shelters in Ellora City, the over ten thousand people huddled within trembled every time the shelter tremored. Fant cracks formed on the ceiling as dust and tiny fragments of crystals fell after every tremor.

It only terrified them. The gazes of most were on a large crack that extended for more than thirty metres, the largest in the shelter's ceiling. This crack formed after the recent wave of attacks, most of which slammed into the ground above the shelter.

The shockwaves ended up reaching the shelter ceiling and damaged it. The corrosive properties within the artilleries only ended up amplifying the scale of damage.

"Will we survive?"

"Doesn't it seem hopeless?" Two girls huddled close to the corner talked in fear.

"Are you idiots?" Suddenly, the girl who had been sleeping like a log for two whole days woke up and chided them, "City Lord is very strong. He'll send the Pranic Beasts packing before long. You don't even realise this is part of his plan, damn idiots."

"Hey, that's rude of you!" One of the girls snapped in anger, "You were asleep for two whole days. As if you know any better."

"Oh, I know. That's why I was peacefully asleep." The arrogant girl chiding the two was, of course, Inala. Upon seeing that he had gained the attention of many others due to the silence within the shelter, he increased the volume of his voice a bit more and chuckled, "Has any of us died? No, right?"

"So why are you afraid? Our soldiers are stronger than you dumb idiots give them credit."

"This…girl!" The girl near Inala wished to argue but was unable to do so, as what Inala said made sense. Though the shelter tremored from time to time, none within had died. Rather, they were perfectly safe, having more than enough rations to last for the next three months.

"Now you understand?" Inala snorted and hugged his large pillow to return to sleep, "So, just shut up and sleep. We'll win this war, but the city will be damaged. It'll be our turn to contribute to the city's repairs once the war ends. We'll have to take care of the injured soldiers, so maintain yourselves at optimal states."

There were rounds of discussions that had been sparked by Inala's chiding. Overall, the expressions of the people eased up as they had optimistic gazes.

But in contrast, Inala listened to the tremors closely, acting like he was sleeping as he was focused on the battle outside, 'They're gradually losing.'

As the volley of attacks continued at a frequency of once every eight to ten minutes, casualties accumulated. There were only three dead during the first volley. But as the Centingers gradually closed the distance between them and the city, the potency of their attacks increased.

The casualties continued to increase at a steady incline. And the more that died, the greater the pressure on the remainder to pick up slack. As a result, many artillery spikes flew past the defences on the wall and even slammed into the buildings of the city, gradually decimating the place.

Inala continued to listen to the sounds, eventually understanding the reason for the increased number of attacks making their way into the city, 'The Centingers have surrounded the city.'

As a result, the soldiers on the wall had to spread themselves thin. That made their defensive lines weaker.

After two hours of observation, Inala made a mental map of the direction in which the attacks were the most violent. He calculated accordingly, 'Three more days and the city will be breached. This shelter will collapse once that happens.'

Since there was still enough time, Inala closed his eyes and resumed his sleep. He was still tired and hadn't fully recovered yet. Besides, once he takes action, he'll be fighting nonstop for many days without rest.

Therefore, it was best to get as much sleep as possible when the chance presented itself. In the meantime, the situation outside was a mess.

"Just die!" A cultivator at the 3-Life Stage rushed forth with a team of elites and attacked a Centinger. A leafy chakram revolved around him as he sent it hurling at the Centinger, grunting upon seeing it bounce off the latter's hard shell. "Fucking turtle!"

The centipede upper body of the Centinger slashed at him as the cultivator had a vine coiled around a boulder farther away. He tugged at it with force and used it to quickly evade the attack. In response, he sent his Spirit Weapon flying at the Centinger.

Tata-Tat-Tata!

The scuttling legs of the centipede upper body slammed repeatedly into the leafy chakram and shattered it. It then shot hundreds of spikes at the cultivator.

"Leader!" One of the elites bellowed and activated his Human Avatar in full swing, fully transformed. He was at the peak of the Body Stage. He clapped and unleashed a shockwave, causing the projectiles to slow down.

Seeing that it wasn't enough, he clapped repeatedly, stopping after the fifth clap to see the projectiles drop to the ground, having lost all their momentum. His ability was similar to the Shock Lizards' Primary Nature of Prana Shock.

His ability was unleashed through the air and hence the range was limited. But in a close-ranged fight, it was potent, a reason why their team could continue fighting.

"It's on us to kill this bastard!" The 3-Life Stage cultivator—the leader of the raid team of ten—bellowed, leading his ten subordinates as they continued to attack. As long as they continued to pressure it, the Centinger wouldn't be able to target the city.

That would reduce the burden faced by the city. At present, all the Life Stage cultivators had rushed out and engaged with a Centinger each.

Theoretically, a Pranic Beast that had reached maturity was on the same level as a human cultivator at the peak of the Body Stage. As long as both were from the same Grade, they ought to be equal.

But the reality was otherwise, and this difference stemmed from their bodies.

The Centinger had a large body that was protected by a tough carapace while most of its vital organs were encased by a shell. And every swing of its large body was akin to a powerful ability.

In contrast, the human body was very weak. Their cultivation barely strengthened their bodies. The level of reinforcement was limited at best. Therefore, despite having similar cultivation levels with the Pranic Beasts at the Body Stage, a solid hit to their bodies and they were dead.

Their body was the weakness of human cultivators. It was why even a cultivator at the 3-Life Stage that had a human avatar created with a Silver Grade mineral was struggling against the Centinger when in theory, he was supposed to be at least thrice stronger.

"Keuk!" The leader grunted at the force of wind resulting from the Centinger's centipede upper body that lashed around once. The ground quaked from the impact while the generated winds sent them flying.

Following that was a rain of spikes that melted through everything they touched. The Centinger then used the couple of free seconds to unleash an artillery strike on Ellora City, eliciting screams from the soldiers that were injured as a result.

The humans were gradually losing.



Chapter 195 Millingers Vs Fhoong Brimgan

Ganrimb Kingdom Capital City!

30 Centingers rained down attacks on the Capital City and calmly marched towards the city walls. Attacks rained down on them but didn't manage to reach them.

The reason was the four Millingers present in the centre of the 30 Centingers. They had erected their Inhibition Dome around the Centingers, causing all attacks coming their way to lose their effect.

Having lost their speed and power, the projectiles simply bounced off their tough carapaces. As a result, the group of Centingers and four Millingers didn't sustain the slightest amount of injury, not even sporting a scratch.

With such a dominant posture, they continued to reduce the distance between them and the city, pressuring the latter.

"What's the situation?" When the soldiers began to lose morale, Fhoong Brimgan walked out of the palace and echoed his voice.

"Your Majesty!" One of the ministers kneeled to announce, "None of our attacks managed to harm them. We haven't sustained any casualties, but it is taking our all just to defend. At this rate, once we expend our Prana, we'll fall."

"Focus on the 30 Centingers. We have more than enough strength to kill them." Fhoong Brimgan said as his body flickered, causing four more to appear, "As for the four Millingers,"

He condensed two gold chakrams and made them hover before him. All four of his bodies boarded the two chakrams, two per each as the chakrams flew towards the Millinger rapidly, "Leave them to us."

Gold Kinesis Art!

It was the famed cultivation technique of the Brimgan Empire, excelling in its refining capabilities. Through the Gold Kinesis Art, a Brimgan Royalty could refine a weak mineral and enrich its potency to unprecedented levels.

The mineral they figured out to refine to the extreme and create a Human Avatar out of was Kirenal. Yes, it was the same mineral Inala had used on the people of his Theatre.

Kirenal was a Beginner Iron Grade mineral that was so weak that its only function was to barely improve one's psychokinesis. It neither improved their Prana nor increased their lifespan. An absolutely useless mineral.

As a result, despite its abundance, no human cultivator paid it any attention. But conversely, this was the mineral used by the Brimgan Empire Royalty.

When the Gold Kinesis Art is used to refine a Kirenal for an extended time period, after a large volume of Kirenal is expended, the result is the creation of a concentrated mineral in small proportions called Rutham.

Rutham consisted of a Kirenal's properties but at such a concentrated level that they didn't even seem like the same type of mineral. Upon fusing with a Rutham to create their Human Avatar, a Brimgan Empire Royalty gained extreme psychokinesis abilities.

The range, speed, and weight limit of their Spirit Weapon experienced a ten times boost. It was such a qualitative leap of strength that from afar, a Brimgan Empire Royalty could deal with their opponent.

There was a famous saying in the regions of Sumatra Continent surrounding the Brimgan Empire, "When you encounter an angry Brimgan Royal, pray there's no glint of light beside them. Because, the moment it appears, your head rolls down the next second."

The Brimgan Empire Royals, upon constructing their Human Avatar will begin condensing a Spirit Weapon. It's something that could be considered a by-product of their Human Avatar.

This Spirit Weapon will take shape based on their personality and reflect their character the best. And once it forms, the Brimgan Royal could refine it through their Prana. The more it is refined, the stronger the Spirit Weapon becomes.

Therefore, the older a Brimgan Kingdom Royal was, the stronger the Spirit Weapon they wielded. And in rare cases, once the Spirit Weapon has been refined to the extreme, it births a Secondary Nature.

The Brimgan Empire was one of the human civilisations with such cases. Of course, it had only happened once in their history and that was for their founding Ancestor, the expert claimed to have strength rivalling a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

6-Life Stage!

That was Fhoong Brimgan's cultivation. It was a decent speed of cultivation, considering how he was only at it for a bit over 800 years. There was a chance he could reach the peak by the end of his lifespan.

Those that had created a Human Avatar out of Rutham would have a Prana capacity of 7200 per body and a Lifespan of 1440 years. As a result, even though it was very hard and time-consuming to raise their cultivation, the resultant gain in strength was overwhelming.

In terms of direct comparison for Prana values, they were equivalent to Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Fhoong Brimgan retained two bodies of himself in the capital city. They stood next to each other, controlling a Spirit Weapon each.

The Spirit Weapon was in the shape of a gold chakram and sported deadly edges, capable of easily cutting through the toughest of materials. It spanned a radius of four metres and was massive.

The two bodies in the city controlled the chakrams. Each chakram carried two Fhoong Brimgan bodies respectively and travelled towards the horde of Centingers.

The large chakrams functioned as both a platform to stand upon and a shield to protect their bodies.

At the 6-Life Stage, a cultivator's effective range for a Spirit Weapon was 560 metres, while the maximum range was 840 metres. For a Brimgan Royal, there was no effective range as they exercised zero drop in efficiency until their maximum range.

Fhoong Brimgan's maximum range currently stands at 8400 metres. With a Spirit Weapon range surpassing eight kilometres, he could casually attack outside while remaining huddled in his city.

His fighting plan was simple. Using the two bodies in the Capital City, he would send two chakrams out at an altitude of a kilometre.

Each chakram would carry two bodies. These chakrams would act as a shield to defend against projectiles launched from beneath. The bodies standing on the chakrams would use their respective Spirit Weapons to target the Millingers.

This way, the two chakrams carrying the four bodies would evade in the air at terrifying speeds while four chakrams rained down from the skies and ground through everything.

"Krahhh!" The four Millingers screeched in excitement and stacked all four Inhibition Domes into a singular entity. They shot a volley of projectiles, watching the two chakrams blur in response and evade them all in an instant.

They could clearly feel Fhoong Brimgan's presence that surpassed them on an individual scale. Or rather, they felt that only by teaming up would the four Millingers be able to beat him. He was that strong of an opponent.

This meant that the Millinger that kills him would possess the most number of points and be able to mate with the eight female Millingers. At the thought of that, Prana billowed out of the four Millingers as their excitement reached a zenith.

Immediately in response, there were four golden lightning strikes from the sky.



Chapter 196 Inala Targets a Centinger

"Kyak!"

"Watch out!"

"Save me!"

Five days after the Millinger Catastrophe started, the battle had reached Ellora City. The city walls had caved in at multiple locations, resulting in the city itself becoming a battleground.

The soldiers resorted to close-range combat while using the large buildings as cover. During one such wave of attacks, a large number of artilleries landed on a part of the ground right above the shelter.

As a result, part of the shelter's ceiling caved in, causing the people within to shriek in fear. The shrieks only ended up alerting the Centingers of the presence of a large number of targets.

Though weak and netting only a few points each, there was enough of them to make up for it. Moreover, they were weak enough that a single artillery strike would kill them all, perfect for gathering some points.

The shelter Inala had taken refuge within was the fifth shelter to be discovered by a Centinger. As the people beside him shrieked in fear, he gathered strength in his limbs and leapt, escaping through the hole in the ceiling.

Upon arriving at the surface, his figure flickered and rushed into a house beside. "Phew!"

He was nervous, because this wasn't an environment he could be calm under. The only reason he was taking the risk was to collect enough data—skulls—that would help him at the Brimgan Empire later and eventually pave the way for him to obtain the Attribute.

It was absolutely important to obtain the Attribute, amongst all the treasures. Gaining it would improve his Primary Nature to a whole other level, making its Grade on par with Gold Grade Natures.

He would finally be ready enough to actively start plotting against the Boar King. But without the Attribute, it would take him two centuries before he could even think about wounding the Boar King.

Only he would make perfect use of the Attribute. In the hands of anyone else, its potential wouldn't be fully realised, as in Resha's case from Sumatra Chronicles.

Since Gudora would target him exclusively the moment his identity gets revealed, Inala couldn't move around in his male form. Inala took a couple of minutes to cover himself with a Life Bomb armour—one that could birth a queen. He became a middle-aged woman as a result of this action.

His Life Hand then shot out and dragged in a wounded soldier, ending up absorbing all his lifeforce. With that, he recovered to his teenage years. And with the excess Lifeforce, he created three more Life Hands.

He then stripped the soldier's armour and wore it, intending to disguise himself as one of the soldiers. He particularly picked a female soldier's uniform to appear natural.

Slinging a bracelet around his limbs that absorbed his Prana emissions, he was ready. Now, it wasn't possible to figure out his identity as a Mammoth Clansman easily. As long as he was careful about it while fighting and did not encounter any master while doing so, his identity would be safe.

Inala placed his pillow in the corner of the house. Within the pillow was the One-Storey Storage Lantern. He couldn't store it in his biome, for doing so would disrupt the space within it. A singularity might be created as a result of conflict between the two spaces.

Hence, he didn't take the risk. As people would recognise the Storage Lantern, since only Gudora and Hanya possessed one in Ellora City, their trademark accessories, it was placed within a pillow.

He planned to take it back later and peered out, staring at the closest Centinger that was two hundred metres away, fighting a group of soldiers that were led by two masters. Both masters were at the 2-Life Stage and were struggling to keep up with the Centinger's attacks.

'I need to be subtle.' Thinking as such, Inala gripped his mace tightly and burst with speed, revving his Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit. His steps barely created a sound as his body was light.

Like a butterfly flying through the air, his figure flickered from one house to another, always avoiding the eyes of the others thanks to his miniature Empyrean Zingers—perched all over his body—keeping watch.

A 2-Life Stage cultivator roared and unleashed a pillar of flames into the Centinger, masking its vision for a moment. A shadow flickered behind him and rushed underneath the Centinger's body.

Inala spun like a spinning top and threw a bunch of Prana Hands and Life Hands on the ground, numbering more than forty. He then slammed the ground with his mace and created a crater large enough for him to hide within.

Following that, he took in a breather and grunted, causing all the Prana Hands and Life Hands to move up and latch onto the underside of the Centinger. Through his Skill of Puppetry, he could control four Spirit Weapons without issues.

But here, he wasn't controlling them. All he did was raise them up by a few metres. Hence, he didn't have to care about the drop in efficiency. As long as they moved up, it was enough for him. Since both Prana Bombs and Life Bombs could stick onto all sorts of surfaces, the same applied to the Prana Hands and Life Hands too.

They stuck onto the Centinger at various locations on its underside, causing it to screech in pain and lose consciousness immediately.

It was very painful when just a single Prana Hand latched onto a target and forcefully stole their Prana. A Life Hand was many times more painful since it forcefully stole Lifeforce. What about dozens of each?

So many signals of pain were transmitted to the Centinger's brain in a second that it short-circuited. Of course, a Silver Grade Pranic Beast's brain was robust enough to recover in a matter of seconds. But that was only if Inala intended to leave it free for that long.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

The moment he activated it, the gates of his Spirit Container opened as Prana flooded his bloodstream, causing the rate at which he was stealing Prana and Lifeforce to spike in response.

He used the excess Lifeforce to create more Life Bombs—ones that could birth a queen—and slammed them into the Centinger. The Lifeforce of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast was insanely valuable, especially for baby Gannala. She would stop whining once he gave her these.

He then placed his hands on the Centinger's belly and diverted all the absorbed Prana into it, activating another ability.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

It was harder to do it on a large-bodied creature, hence the process required more time and Prana than usual. Thankfully, he was getting more than enough from the Centinger, despite the lowered efficiency from being connected to over forty Spirit Weapons at the same time.

Seeing the Centinger lose consciousness mysteriously, the soldiers didn't care and instead used the chance to bombard attacks with fiercer momentum. And right before they dealt the killing blow, the effects of Empyrean Extraction took effect.

But upon sensing the bone that held all the Centinger's data, Inala was shocked, 'That's the skull counterpart of a Centinger?'



Chapter 197 Obtaining the Centinger Data

The Centinger had a weirdly shaped body, with all its vital organs present within its centre, protected underneath its hard shell. As there existed nervous extensions to all vital information-gathering organs leading into the limbs, it resulted in the brain not being in a somewhat rounded shape as in all creatures but was instead elongated like a serpent with wings.

And to protect it existed a skull similar to the vertebrae of a human body. It was this skeletal structure that was treated as a skull counterpart by the Mind Extraction Prime Skill.

Inala transformed a Prana Bomb into a hollow cylindrical drill and began to puncture a way through its underbelly, spending a lot of time since the Centinger's body was ridiculously tough. 'If I fought it traditionally, it would have taken me forever to kill it.'

Fortunately for him, as long as his Prana Bomb were to touch a target's body part, it was capable of sucking in the target's Prana. That was its power. Therefore, the opponent's defences never mattered to him. He only needed to touch them.

Brute forcing through things wasn't in his nature. And hence, his power system was perfect for his use. As long as he plans and targets at the right time, he can take down opponents stronger than himself.

The Centinger had matured. Hence, it was stronger than him. But when it was busy facing the soldiers and had both its body and mind occupied in dealing with them, he attacked, instantly overwhelming all its senses and caused its mind to short-circuit.

He constantly maintained the pressure until it was robbed of all its Prana and Lifeforce.

"What just happened?" The 2-Life Stage cultivator that dealt the killing blow to the Centinger frowned in confusion, staring at the somewhat shrivelled corpse before him, "Are any of our powers capable of doing this?"

"We need reinforcements!"

"They're too strong!"

There were howls from other areas. The 2-Life Stage cultivator couldn't stop to investigate due to the urgency of the situation. He led his team to help the others, joining up in their battle.

As the Centinger's body covered the ground, the drilling sounds didn't leak out. And even if they did, the sounds were so faint they couldn't be heard amidst the chaos of the battlefield. Buildings shattered, people hollered, the Centingers roared, and countless abilities struck everywhere.

"Goddamn!" Inala cursed, feeling suffocated by the blood that continued to pour out of the Centinger's underbelly. He spat out a bunch of Empyrean Zingers who began to drill into the ground underneath him. Soon, they connected the channel into the underground shelter he had taken refuge in before.

"Run!"

The people within the shelter could no longer stay there, for it was gradually being flooded by the Centinger's blood.? Originally, even after the ceiling collapsed, they stayed within, for the damaged part was very small.

They simply retreated away from the location underneath the broken ceiling and huddled in other areas of the shelter. But once the blood began to pour in, they couldn't stay there any more, for through the hole spanning a diameter of ten centimetres, blood gushed out like a torrent.

When the blood gushed out, air seeped in, supplying Inala with the required oxygen.

"Let's try to stop it!" A man took the initiative and sent his Spirit Weapon forward, plugging up the hole. But a second later, he grunted in pain as his Spirit Weapon shattered while he lost a bunch of Prana, "What was that?"

"Let me try…argh!" One after another, the cultivators that stepped forward to seal the hole ended up screaming in pain. Unbeknownst to them, there was a miniature Empyrean Zinger positioned right behind the hole, using a Prana Bomb to target their Spirit Weapons.

This ensured the blood continued to drain into the shelter, allowing Inala to avoid being drowned while he was drilling through the Centinger's body. In a matter of minutes, the blood reached as high as the ankles of those in the shelter, alarming them.

Judging by the rate, in less than an hour, the blood would reach their heights. The Centinger's massive body had more than enough blood to fill up the place to a couple of metres in height.

"Retreat to another shelter!" Screaming as such, the people rushed out of the shelter and flooded the battlefield, causing many to become collateral to an artillery strike.

The Centingers were already aiming for them all along, held back by the best efforts of the soldiers. But once the people fled the shelter, they spread out, becoming easy picking for the Pranic Beasts.

"It's dangerous! Don't go outside!"

"Stop! Don't run!"

Those with some brain tried their best to rein in the people, but panic had already set in. And the majority weren't equipped to handle rational thoughts in such a situation. It had been a century since Ellora City faced anything serious.

Hence, none of the people in the shelter ever had to fear their lives before. As a result, they were ill-prepared mentally for such a situation.

"Many are dying, huh?" Inala muttered from his hole in the ground, with its top covered by the Centinger's belly. He wasn't affected by their deaths. After all, he wasn't witnessing their slaughter first-hand.

He was only fed the information by an Empyrean Zinger. Sometimes, it was best to exercise ignorance. Otherwise, his humane nature would wear down his mental state until he suffered from all sorts of trauma.

Once he had gotten rid of the disconnect he felt from his childhood, he truly became part of Sumatra. Therefore, the influence of morals and the such he cultivated on Earth were gradually waning over the past three years.

But there was still a while longer before he could truly stomach gory scenes of slaughter when not in an extreme mental state.

Four hours of nonstop drilling later, he finished making a deep bore. Inala sent in a couple of Prana Hands that carefully fished out the vertebra-like piece of bone. A bunch of miniature Empyrean Zingers latched onto it and cleaned it of all flesh and blood, making it squeaky clean.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Inala accessed the data within it and nodded in praise, "There's a lot of valuable data in it, especially in terms of the Red-Draft River's ecology, topography, and food chain."

This was information that wasn't available anywhere. Hence, it would allow Inala to have a more comprehensive understanding of Sumatra Continent. One day, that knowledge would allow him to kill the Boar King.

Gaining the data of one male Centinger was enough. There wouldn't be any noticeable difference between the data of male Centingers, at least not to the extent he would risk his life hunting another.

Up next in the list was a female Centinger, followed by a male Millinger and finally, a female Millinger, "But an opportunity for that would only present itself very late. First, I must obtain something else."

He encased the Centinger's vertebra-like skull counterpart in a large Prana Bomb, shrunk its size and swallowed it. Once it was safely tucked away in his biome, he dug an underground tunnel and returned to the house from before.

He grabbed his pillow, observed his surroundings and made way to the city's exit, aiming for one of the collapsed wall segments. His target?

The Rockatrice!



Chapter 198 Inala Vs Rockatrice

Holding a bloody pillow, Inala made a beeline towards a fallen section of Ellora City wall. Empyrean Zingers in their miniature forms covered his body, keeping watch of his surroundings.

"Keuk!" He grunted when a spike slammed into his leg, instantly melting his leg bone, "It's too potent!"

Inala rolled to the side and slid under a large rubble, using it as cover. Within his stomach, an Empyrean Zinger crushed open a Life Bomb and poured it on the stomach walls. Once he activated the Mystic Bone Art, the abundant Lifeforce within the Life Bomb converged upon his leg and gradually generated another leg bone.

Staring at his swollen leg, Inala morphed a piece of bone into a needle and poked a hole into the swelling, watching it spray out murky blood filled with a paste of his molten bone. Actuated through the Lifeforce, his cultivation technique forced out all the impurities.

Immediately after they were expunged, the poked hole on his leg healed. Staring at his pristine leg, Inala flexed his toes a bit and observed that they were working fine. He inhaled softly, wiping his cold sweat produced from the pain.

He was covered by the Prana Bomb armour. But despite that, just a single spike managed to pierce through and melt his leg bone.

The Centinger was the absolute worst match for his abilities. Hence, he couldn't win against it in a head-on battle, 'But that doesn't matter. There are various ways to win a battle. I don't need to fight directly.'

Inala continued to duck, roll around, slide underneath the rubble, and sprint with all his might. By the time he reached the city walls, he was injured four times. Even with the Empyrean Zingers keeping watch, it was impossible to avoid all the spikes that rained down from the skies at speeds beyond his reaction time.

"I'm out," He let out a victory cheer and garnered more strength in his legs to burst forth faster, quickly erecting some distance between him and the city. But right as he crossed a kilometre from the city, Inala suddenly lost his footing and slammed into the ground with force, "Keuk!"

"Damn these fuckers." He grumbled and glared at the Slump Lizards that had surrounded him. They had stacked their Primary Nature on him.

Inhaling a large amount of air, he activated his Secondary Nature to bend space in his lungs, and a few seconds later, exhaled with force. A gust of air was created with enough force to spiral around itself and generate a weak tornado that lasted for less than two seconds. Still, it was enough to raise enough dust and cover the region.

'I can't waste time fighting them.' Thinking as such, Inala leaped with force and spat out the Empyrean Zinger King who reverted to its original size instantly. Landing on its back, he glided forward, soon crossing the dust-filled region.

"There's more of them here." He frowned, feeling a headache upon seeing the ground covered by Slump Lizards. During their descent, both he and the Empyrean Zinger King inhaled long breaths and unleashed a fierce gust of wind, erecting another dust cloud.

At regular intervals, dust clouds formed in the region alongside the Angan River in a sequential order. Two figures travelled through it, reaching the Rooster Tribe's settlement in less than two hours.

Had it not been for interference caused by the Slump Lizards, they would have made the journey in an hour. Arriving at the familiar rocky hill range that acted as the Rooster Tribe settlement's wall, Inala swallowed the Empyrean Zinger King who took on its miniature form.

Stage 1-Jaw!

Inala leaped into the air, covering more than a dozen metres as his claws dug into the stone walls. He made multiple leaps and soon arrived at the peak that existed at an altitude of six hundred metres. From the high vantage point, he stared at the Angan River, "It's completely dried up."

He then faced the opposite direction, observing the lake at the centre of the Rooster Tribe settlement. There was no trace of the Rockatrice, despite the lake being its home.

As there was no sign of life in the region, the Centingers didn't come here. At present, a bunch of Slump Lizards had broken past the entrance and were freely roaming through the settlement, munching on some spilled grains collected by the Rooster Tribe.

The hill range was in the shape of '8'. Standing at the intersection was the tallest hill, within the crater of which was the lake that served as the Rockatrice's home. Walking on the hill range was enough to reach his destination.

Hence, Inala did the same, keeping his activity hidden as much as possible. It was wise to not alert the Rockatrice. Of course, to avoid getting discovered by the Centingers, the Rockatrice would do its best to remain as hidden as possible.

After all, it was a defensive creature, almost unbeatable within the range its myriad hands could reach. But beyond that, it was as helpless as a roadside pebble. A Centinger only had to stay beyond its range and spam artillery strikes.

A powerful Silver Grade Pranic Beast that was helpless against the Centinger's ability but was still very strong. That meant it was a prize pool of comfortable points. No Centinger would be able to resist gobbling such a lucrative opportunity.

Arriving before the lake, Inala inhaled a long breath and opened his mouth wide, causing twenty-eight Empyrean Zingers to fly out. They spread out and encircled the lake, reverting to their original sizes.

Each Empyrean Zinger created four Prana Bombs and shaped them into spears, ready to strike. Two Empyrean Zingers present in his stomach shattered a bunch of Prana Bombs and caused their fluids to be digested, allowing a steady stream of Prana to fill him.

"Let's go," Inala condensed a Prana Bomb in each of his hands and dropped them after raising their density to the limit. The Prana Bombs rolled over the slope and fell into the lake water, sinking immediately after due to their high densities.

Upon observing their rate of sinking, Inala condensed multiple Prana Bombs and threw them all over the lake, watching them quickly reach the depths. Upon sensing that they were still within his Spirit Weapon range, Inala smirked, "This is doable."

"Kriek!" He let out a shriek, commanding the twenty-eight Empyrean Zingers who all activated the same skill.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Four Prana Hands appeared next to each Empyrean Zinger and grabbed a Prana Bone spear each, hovering in readiness.

The lake started to bubble, frothing as Inala pulled out the Prana Bombs that had been filled to the brink with the Rockatrice's Prana.

2800 Prana was the Rockatrice's capacity. Meaning, as long as it didn't react until 28 Prana Bombs were filled, it was Inala's victory. Of course, the Rockatrice wasn't the type to sit still and wait for its death.

Prana gushed out of the settlement hill range as a forcefield was unleashed, instantly causing Inala to weaken in response.

Primary Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

A hill-like entity with a hundred hands gushed out of the lake, emanating murderous intent as dozens of Prana Bombs stuck to its body, continuously absorbing its Prana. It glared at Inala and attacked immediately.

The Rockatrice began its retaliation!



Chapter 199 Annihilating the Rooster Tribe

Due to the effects of Rocky Intimidation, Inala felt difficulty moving. His body was sluggish, late to react while his Prana flowed at a rate twenty percent slower than usual. This caused his combat capability to drop.

Rocky Intimidation was unleashed from all over the settlement walls. Hence, the region countered his combat abilities, turning him a lot weaker than usual.

Using the chance when Rocky Intimidation was unleashed, the Rockatrice took action before Inala could grow accustomed to the drop in fighting power. Its hundred hands slapped the water, causing splashes with sharp edges.

The Rockatrice was aware of its limited range. Hence, it had worked extensively to modify the effects of its Rocky Intimidation and trained extensively, creating a skill in which it could slap the water in the lake and unleash blades of water at its enemies.

That covered its weakness somewhat.

Three water blades flew his way as Inala intended to dodge them. Usually, once he activated his Secondary Nature, he would have been fast enough. But now, his Secondary Nature was a lot slower in accumulating strength in his limbs.

As a result, he wasn't able to dodge it on time, ending up receiving the three water blades head on. Inala flew back for more than twenty metres from the impact and slipped over the peak, beginning to roll down the slope on the other side.

He activated his Prana Bomb armour and caused it to stick to the slope, stopping as a result. He got up and shook his head and stared at the impacted region on his armour. There were three scratches, but that was it. "Good. I can proceed without any pressure now."

Since the Rockatrice's ranged attack wasn't strong enough to destroy his Prana Bomb armour, Inala had nothing to worry about. After all, thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity, his internal organs would never sustain any damage no matter how far he gets flung by an attack.

He would never feel any shock on the inside.

"Kriek!" An Empyrean Zinger shouted as it was sent flying. A gash opened on its chest, bleeding blood. But it didn't care about it and instead focused on its four Prana Hands.

One after another, the Prana Hands accelerated and hurled the Prana Bomb spears at the Rockatrice, forcing the latter to use more of its hands to stop the spears.

One of its hands managed to stop a Prana Bomb spear before it reached its body. But catching it wasn't the correct way to defend against it. After all, through the contact point, the Prana Bomb spear absorbed the Rockatrice's Prana.

Four Prana Hands approached its main body, intending to latch onto it. The Rockatrice's hands slapped them away. But every slap meant a contact. And in that short contact, it lost a Prana.

With one exchange, the Empyrean Zinger gained four Prana. Its Prana consumption barely reached a unit of Prana, so it was a profitable exchange.

"Roooo!" The Rockatrice let out a cry as its hands grabbed the Prana Bombs stuck to its body and ripped them out fiercely, grunting in pain as its skin came off in patches along with the Prana Bombs.

"Oh no, you don't!" Inala shouted as the Rockatrice stuffed the Prana Bombs into its mouth. It had a robust dental structure. Even though it couldn't shatter a Prana Bomb with a single bite like a Zinger, it was capable of breaking it eventually.

As long as it does that, it would recover Prana by ingesting the fluid within the Prana Bombs. Inala didn't want that to happen and hence used his psychokinesis to pull the Prana Bombs. He grunted, ending up in a tug of war.

Phak! Phat! Tata!

Using the chance, Prana Hands latched onto the Rockatrice's hundred arms, beginning to constrict their movements. Each Prana Hand was heavy thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Once they had latched onto an arm, the Rockatrice had difficulty moving it. There were twenty-eight Empyrean Zingers attacking it, with each holding four Prana Hands.

Each Empyrean Zinger targeted four hands and kept them occupied. There was a fierce exchange for less than two minutes, at the end of which all one hundred hands of the Rockatrice were weighed down by a Prana Hand each.

With that, it wasn't able to unleash its water blades, making it easy for Inala to latch Prana Bombs onto its lower body. And once they were full, he retracted them.

A minute later, the Rockatrice let out weak shrieks, unable to bear the phantom pains from its Prana stolen from various locations. It had lost all its Prana.

It tried to attack the Empyrean Zingers, but its hands moved too slowly to create any water blades. And as the Empyrean Zingers used their psychokinesis to apply force through their Prana Hands, the Rockatrice's arms faced even more difficulty moving.

Taking on his feminine form, Inala threw a Life Bomb—one capable of birthing a queen—on the Rockatrice, hearing its screeches grow sharper in response to pain.

He latched a Life Hand on its body and used the absorbed Lifeforce to ensure his age was maintained at seventeen years old. He slammed a bunch of Life Bombs on the Rockatrice until most of its Lifeforce was stolen.

Its body became shrivelled up as it was experiencing the side-effects of old age, feeling weak all over. The moment its Prana was expended, the suppression effect caused by Rocky Inhibition subsided greatly.

Only the weak suppression effect inherent in the rocky walls were unleashed, which wasn't anything worth mentioning for Inala and the Empyrean Zingers, all of whom had Internal Inertial Gravity to rely upon.

Staring at the Rockatrice that was in the final moments of its life, Inala recalled his interaction with baby Gannala when she said he had the means to defeat the Rockatrice. 'That brat!'

He spat out the Empyrean Zinger King that perched on his head as a defensive measure. Following that, he leapt with force and landed on the Rockatrice, placing his hand on its head as he seeped his Prana into its body.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

The twenty-eight Empyrean Zingers drilled into the Rockatrice's corpse, extracted its skull, cleaned it using the lake water, and presented him with its cleaned skull.

Inala was just about to relax when he sensed a powerful emission of Prana from afar, 'The Centingers are here!'

He hurriedly swallowed all his gains and barged into a cave beside the lake, staring at the two people huddled there. They were the sole survivors of the Rooster Tribe, the most evolved of them all. And due to their insane lust, they were currently copulating.

Placed in the same cave, they couldn't hold back, having been at it for three days already, only taking rest when it was time to sleep.

"W-Who are you?" The man among the couple shouted in a fluster upon seeing Inala. But a moment later, a Prana Bomb slammed into his chest and knocked him unconscious. The woman followed suit.

Using Empyrean Extraction on the two, Inala stored their skulls in his biome, tossed their corpses into the lake and closed the cave's entrance. He dug a hole and hid deeper, encasing himself inside a Prana Bomb to ensure no trace of his existence would be leaked outside.

A minute later, two female Centingers approached the settlement, making a beeline towards the lake.



Chapter 200 Turning Sisters into Enemies (Part 1)

During the three months that the mating season would last, the only work of the female Centingers was to collate the points accumulated by all the male Centingers. But that didn't mean they wouldn't explore the immediate vicinity of their location when intrigued.

The Rooster Tribe settlement was located close to the Angan River. Hence, the two female Centingers that had camped there sensed the Rockatrice's presence and approached the region. They were feeling mildly bored and hence intended to use a strong opponent like the Rockatrice as a target practice.

A casual artillery strike later, all the Slump Lizards within the settlement were killed. The two female Centingers soon made their way to the lake and stared at the floating corpse of the Rockatrice. Its blood had leaked into the lake and polluted it, giving it a pungent stench.

The two female Centingers looked around and spread their Prana around, failing to detect anything worth noticing. They did detect an egg deep inside a cave, but it was beyond their reach. Moreover, nothing worth their attention was registered from the egg. It hadn't even hatched after all.

Followed by a swat of one of their centipede upper bodies, the boulder blocking the cave's entrance was sent flying. But the entrance was too narrow, preventing the Centinger's centipede upper body from entering it.

Since the egg was beyond its reach, the Centinger stopped trying to target it. It then looked around and noticed the vantage point given by the hill range, allowing it to survey the entire region more easily.

With an altitude of six hundred metres on flat lands, it was enough for the female Centinger to even make out Ellora City's shadow far away.

The two female Centingers discussed among themselves and decided to camp in this region. At least, they could keep watch on some of the battles from this place, instead of the bottom of the Angan River.

A few minutes later, the two female Centingers retracted their Prana, casually lying around the lake as they played with the Rockatrice's corpse.

The moment they retracted their Prana, Inala sighed in relief. When they tried to detect using their Prana, the Prana Bomb was able to absorb faint traces of the Prana they had released.

Through it, Inala knew that they were keeping their detection means activated. And the moment his Prana Bomb stopped absorbing Prana implied they had stopped using their detection means.

He stealthily shattered the Prana Bomb and took in long breaths, feeling almost suffocated before. If he hadn't bent space within his lungs and inhaled a large amount of air, it would have been impossible to remain confined for extended durations.

'Do I attack them or not?' He wondered, hesitant. Had there been just one Centinger, he could have made plans accordingly. But facing two of them would be a death sentence.

The moment a single of their artilleries strikes him, his defences would come undone and he'll be incapacitated. He wouldn't be able to recover fast enough before more strikes from the Bone-Melting Artillery impact him.

Death was guaranteed in such a situation. But upon noticing that the two female Centingers intended to remain next to the lake, Inala had no other choice but to face them.

Otherwise, he would be trapped in his current location until the mating season ends. And if his location were to be revealed, the two female Centingers would attack him. Currently, they hadn't targeted the egg—the Prana Bomb he hid within—only because it didn't pique their interest.

But once they sense his existence, they would unleash an artillery strike on the settlement walls and bring it down in a matter of minutes. They had such fearsome firepower.

Once that happens, Inala would have nowhere to hide. In the open plains, he became an easy target for their artillery strikes.

'I need to kill them somehow.' He thought, spending a few minutes on it when he got an idea, 'Alright, that will work.'

Immediately in response, the Empyrean Zingers in his biome got to work. Inala swallowed the Empyrean Zinger King who took action upon arriving at his biome.

It grabbed an Empyrean Zinger and activated Mystic Bone Art on it, forcefully changing its body shape. Unable to bear the burden, the Empyrean Zinger died.

Soon, the Empyrean Zinger King created a Sumatra Zinger. Upon observing that it was functioning properly, it began to create more Sumatra Zingers, stopping only after creating twenty-four of them.

In the meantime, Inala morphed a Prana Bomb into a drill and began to silently drill a path to the lake. Two hours later, he finished making a narrow path that was only wide enough for a miniature Empyrean Zinger to crawl through.

Inala spat out a Prana Bomb whose space was compressed inside. It slowly enlarged and shattered, revealing twenty Sumatra Zingers and twenty Empyrean Zingers.

One by one, the Empyrean Zingers reverted to their original size, compressed space in their stomachs to swallow a Sumatra Zinger, and then took on their miniature forms. One after another, the twenty miniature Empyrean Zingers crawled through the narrow tunnel and entered the lake, spreading out in response.

An Empyrean Zinger stealthily crawled out of the lake and sneaked onto the body of a sleeping Centinger. It took some time and reached the top, taking out its Sumatra Zinger that began to suck in air.

Ten minutes later, it was full of compressed air. Loading a Prana Bomb inside, the Empyrean Zinger remained in its miniature form and pointed the nozzle towards the eyes of the Centinger.

Boom!

The Prana Bomb had been infused with all the Empyrean Zinger's Prana, raising its weight to two hundred kilograms. It slammed into the Centinger's eyes and brutally crushed the organ, causing the area to cave in response.

Right after shooting a Prana Bomb, the Empyrean Zinger swallowed the Sumatra Zinger and collapsed the gravity inside its stomach, causing a singularity, as a result of which its body deformed and shrunk to the size of a grain.

It all happened in a matter of seconds. By the time the Centinger woke up from the impact and spread its Prana around, it failed to detect any other living being in its vicinity. Its two eyes had been destroyed by the attack; it seethed in rage.

The Centinger surged Prana to the wounded region and began its recovery process, glaring at the other Centinger who looked around in confusion. Its Prana was robust as in a matter of minutes, it had regenerated the eyes, since they were just nerval appendages extending from its actual eyes.

So, healing it wasn't tricky. After glaring at the second Centinger for a couple more minutes, it closed its eyes and resumed its sleep as there wasn't much to do at present. Tallying the points would only happen at a later date, so it had no work at the moment.

But a few minutes later, there was another powerful impact, shattering its face once again, blinding it a second time. The Centinger unleashed its Prana promptly to detect the perpetrator but still failed to find anyone else, only sensing the second Centinger stirring up in response to the sound.

When the same happened the third time, the Centinger pounced on the second Centinger, engaging in a battle.



