Chapter 671 Yamahara: Bloodline Inheritor

﻿﻿Uwaa!

The cries of a baby resounded in the topmost floor within a Decodus Tree as Yarsha Zahara felt extremely exhausted. She was skin and bark, lacking any flesh and blood for herself, barely able to maintain herself through the sheer potency of her Mystic Grade Prana.

Three-plus years of pregnancy wore her down to the extreme, leaving her in a deprived state. But despite everything, she was happy, staring at the blood-covered baby of hers that was crying healthily.

"We've…succeeded!" Brangara shed tears in joy upon sensing the tremendous presence released by the baby, "And living, breathing Minor Treasure that could grow. That's our son, Ya…"

"Don't give me a name." The cries of the baby stopped as his mouth moved, letting out a string of words in his baby voice.

"Eh?" Brangara was stunned by the words as he stared at his son incredulously, "You can…talk?"

"Ho!" The baby extended his hand weakly towards Brangara, "Take my hand, dada."

"Okay," Brangara was happy that his baby wanted to hold his hand. With an innocent gaze of admiration, he grabbed his son's hand, only to see the latter turn into a beam of light and enter his body.

"Keuk!" Brangara collapsed to his knees, feeling the veins on his body protrude alarmingly, strained to the extreme. His heart felt a void, losing its supply of blood as something foreign was consuming everything. "You…might kill me at this rate, kid!"

Honestly, a grunt from him and Brangara could easily shatter a Minor Treasure or two. But the one in question was his son, and hence, he didn't do anything.

"Endure for a few seconds, Dad!" A slightly more mature voice resounded in his mindspace, "I'll be done soon."

"Fine," Brangara nodded and took a seat beside Yarsha Zahara, breathing to keep his body under control. As he was at the 3-Life Stage, it was easy to recover his blood supply with the help of his other two bodies.

He even had the attention span to focus on Yarsha Zahara and feed her soup that he had prepared in advance. This would help replenish her flesh and blood slowly, without straining her digestive system. Once she had recovered a bit, he'd feed her more nutritious food.

With her strength, she should make a full recovery within a month and return to her usual self. Her expression was weak as she extended her hand and touched a protruding vein on Brangara's cheek, asking in worry upon seeing it convulse, turning his face pale, "Does it hurt?"

"Heck no," Brangara flashed a smile and continued to feed her soup, "Our son is just playing with me. You should focus on your recovery so that you too can play with him next."

"I'm done." The mature voice of a youth resounded as their son exited Brangara's body, appearing in his prime, seemingly about twenty years old. In a matter of seconds, he progressed through his childhood and attained maturity.

Staring at the shocked faces of his parents, the youth laughed, "I might be a living being, but in essence, I'm a Minor Treasure. So my concept of growing is merely absorbing enough blood to reach my full potential."

He then approached Yarsha Zahara and held her hands, gently seeping blood into her body through one of the veins on her hand, watching her body slowly regain its muscle mass, "You've suffered a lot to birth me, mother. This is the least I could do to help you."

He grinned in satisfaction upon seeing his mother stare at him in pride, "Aren't I your dearest?"

"You are…" Yarsha Zahara said subconsciously before closing her mouth, for that wasn't something a mother should be saying, even if she felt like that. She should treat all her children equally.

"Hehe," The youth continued to supply her blood until her body was able to recover most of its functions, "Once you have enough rest, you'll be back to your regular self in a couple of days."

"Thank you, Yam…" Yarsha Zahara was about to address him with the name they had decided for him, stopping upon seeing him shake his head.

"I'm sorry, Mother." The youth then stared at Brangara, "I have to apologise, father. I'm afraid Sumatra bestowed a name upon me already. So, you'll have to address me with that name first before using the name you have picked for me."

"Since when did Sumatra start doing that?" Yarsha Zahara expressed her surprise.

"It has always been doing that." The youth nodded and stared at Brangara, "Even the name of Celestial Boar was something it came up with. That's why everyone who witnessed your evolution naturally knew the name of your new race."

"It just came to me. I thought it was similar to the rest of my ideas, as they too pop up in my head from time to time." Brangara expressed his confusion.

"Yeah, Sumatra uses that method to tell you the names, so that you'll feel familiar with the process. The information generation process closely mimics the way we generate ideas in our brains." The youth nodded, "So, none realised. But to date, the names of every single Race, Cultivation Technique, and Natures are bestowed upon us by Sumatra."

"It doesn't care about naming the terrain, minerals, and other such things." He smiled wryly, "But naming the Major and Minor Treasures is something it does. So, we can't help that. And since I'm a living being, it granted me a name other than my identity as a Minor Treasure."

"It's alright, it's just a name." Yarsha Zahara sighed as she stared at her son, "So, what did Sumatra name you?"

"Yamahara," The youth said, "The name popped into my mind the moment I was birthed by you, mother."

Minor reassure—Bloodline Inheritor!

"Yamahara…" Brangara muttered as he and Yarsha exchanged glances, "That's pretty similar to what we had in mind."

"I know," The youth, Yamahara nodded, "I gained that information through your blood, father."

"Now, I want to find out something." Yamahara expressed his worry, "There was something I noticed from the memories of the two of you. Do we have a Parute Tree nearby?"

"We do, why do you ask?" Brangara said, pointing in the direction of the Parute Tree.

"Alright, go ahead." Brangara nodded, "Somehow, I feel confident about your words even though you're born just now."

"Well, my mind was originally that of a Decaleech that you elevated into a Minor Treasure. It was then moulded by mother's influence during the three-plus years I was in her womb. So, though I'm a newborn, my mind's mature." Yamahara said while the trio walked towards the nearest Parute Fruit.

As they conversed, Yarsha Zahara's grin widened, 'He's very similar to me.'

Though he was a Minor Treasure, in terms of body, he was no different from a Free Human. His mind too had mostly been built based on her mind, so their thought process was on the same wavelength.

Ruvva too was similar to her, but as Yarsha Zahara had yet to meet her, she didn't know about her character and personality. Hence, Yamahara felt the closest to her as her child.

"It feels strange to see you walking," She said upon slinging her hands around her son's, "I wanted to cradle you like a baby."

"I can revert to that form after this. It's easy peasy." Yamahara flexed his muscles as he mimicked Brangara's walking style, "But it's fun walking like this beside you two."

"Oh, this one's a smooth talker." Brangara ruffled his hair and patted his back lightly.

"Learnt it from you, Father." Yamahara chuckled, "Got that talent directly from your blood."

"Of course," Brangara stared at the ceiling in pride. If this was a comic, his nose would pierce through the ceiling to express the amount of pride he was feeling.

Soon, they arrived at an open place surrounded by a few Decodus Trees. A lone Parute Tree grew there, having appeared in the past few months once people began to live in the nearby trees.

"Please step away from me. It might become dangerous." Yamahara said, only to be immediately stopped by his parents.

"It won't be necessary to take risks." Brangara grabbed him by the shoulder and said with a resolute expression.

"You've just been born. Why don't we relax for now and plan a bit? I'll be able to do whatever it is that you are planning here." Yarsha Zahara took a softer approach to the situation, intending to convince her son against risking his life.

"It's indeed possible for you, Mother. But it'll be more dangerous for you." Yamahara then stared at Brangara, "And in your case, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater will directly attack you, since you're a threat to it."

"It considered me a threat? A Transcendent Eater?" Brangara was surprised.

"I don't think you comprehend the sheer magnitude of your existence." Yamahara shook his head, "It's why I intend to converse with the Transcendent Eater. I wish to have a grasp on the entire situation."

"And the reason I'm confident is this," Yamahara said and grunted, erupting with an unnatural presence as a pillar of light jutted out of his being. But instead of reaching the skies, it curved in the air under his will, obeying his control as it curved until it joined itself.

Now, after heading a kilometre into the sky from his head, the pillar of light curved into a circle. This way, it didn't leave the confines of Sumatra. The sheer presence he unleashed startled everyone living in the Varan Empire, for it seemed as powerful as their Emperor and Empress but didn't seem to originate from either.

"I can harness the power of any being whose blood I absorb. I can maintain this until I expend the respective blood." Yamahara declared as he stared at his parents, "And I have absorbed enough of your blood to face the Transcendent Eater and not die during the conversation."

"Alright, go ahead." Brangara changed his mind upon seeing his son wield his power, "There doesn't exist an existence that can go against the combination of our powers."

Yarsha Zahara's absolute counter and Brangara's absolute power were a terrifying combo to be possessed by a single individual. That was more than enough to convince the duo that their son was the right person for the job.

"I'll be back soon," Yamahara said and touched the Parute Tree. His body transformed into blood mist and fused with the Parute Tree, resulting in silence for a few seconds before the Parute Tree shook violently, causing the ground to crack in the area.

In the mindspace of the Parute Tree, Yamahara stared at the eldritch figure of the Transcendent Eater and waved his hand, "Yohoo! I've come to ask you a question, Sir! Do you mind sparing a moment of your infinite time?"

[Foolish mortal…you're not! What do you want, Yamahara?]

The Transcendent Eater was just about to attack him when it stopped itself, taking a second glance at him. Similar to what happened with Virala, its mere gaze caused root tendrils to burst out of Yamahara, intending to use him as fuel to grow further.

Immediately in response, a gigantic figure of the Celestial Boar enveloped him, plucking out all the root tendrils before serving as a shield against the Transcendent Eater's gaze.

A glance at the Celestial Boar and the infinitely long branches of the Transcendent Eater wriggled, in craze, both intimidated and hungered by the Celestial Boar. One of the branches lashed out, intending to target the Celestial Boar when a barrier appeared between them, stopping its approach.

The carnivorous mouth of the Transcendent Eater latched onto the barrier and began to crack it, soon puncturing through it as it headed towards the Celestial Boar. But just when the latter was about to attack it, a golden pair of eyes bloomed in the void, instantly energising the barrier.

A glance from the eyes and tentacles began to burst out of the carnivorous flower until it collapsed structurally, and turned into a few dozen tentacles. The Transcendent Eater watched as the pair of golden eyes condense a face, of Yarsha Zahara's, eventually forming an ethereal body, filled with spikes.

[…Old Friend!]

It retracted the unruly branch and stared at Yamahara, beckoning for him to speak.

"How did you know my name?" Yamahara asked.

[I know everything that happens on Sumatra. Aren't you already aware of the Parute Trees acting as my eyes and ears? Isn't that why you approached me?]

"Yes, Sir. I knew that, but wasn't fully sure of the specifics." Yamahara bowed in response, relieved upon seeing the Celestial Boar and golden Yarsha Zahara defending against the eldritch influence of the Transcendent Eater, "I wish to know one thing primarily."

He paused a little and spoke upon seeing dozens of carnivorous mouths nod in his direction, all while controlling their drool, "What happens when my father goes all out? I see the Transcendent Worlds stirring up every time he unleashes a pillar of light into the sky."

[Bad stuff…really bad stuff!]



Chapter 672 Let’s Leave

[Bad stuff…really bad stuff!]

"What…do you mean by bad stuff?" Yamahara felt jittered by the tone of voice the Transcendent Eater had used. The eldritch entity before him seemed invincible, but even it seemed unprepared for whatever seemed to be coming at them next. "Can you tell me the details?"

[I can, but you mustn't reveal it to anyone else. If you do that, then Sumatra will block me from talking to you ever again.]

"I promise to not tell it to even my parents." Yamahara gave his word. There was silence for a few minutes before the Transcendent Eater began to speak.

[There exists Cosmic Beings that wish to devour the Major Treasures. Hence, every time a Major Treasure reveals itself, the Transcendent Worlds move to defend Sumatra from these Cosmic Beings. The stronger the Major Treasure is, the greater the number of Cosmic Beings it can draw in. The beam unleashed by your dad is the strongest there exists.]

"How many Cosmic Beings are lured in every time he does it?" Yamahara asked.

[Three…which is a lot. But we have enough Mystic Transcendents to face them. However, that's not the only issue we have. The bigger problem originates from other Continents.]

"Are they also lured in by father?" Yamahara frowned, "But what reason do they have to chase after a Major Treasure?"

[It's simple. If a continent manages to assimilate the Celestial Boar into its fold and establishes a method to birth them, they'll obtain a Major Treasure every era. That's the sheer advantage gaining possession of your father brings to them.]

"But father has no reason to be worried about them. With his power, the stronger the opponents he faces, the stronger he becomes." Yamahara argued, "If brute power could kill him, he would have been killed long ago."

[That's true, but even with so much power, he has yet to kill the Mystic Seven, right?]

Seeing Yamahara turn silent in response to its retort, the Transcendent Eater continued to speak.

[The reason he has lost so many times is due to a lack of information. He's always a couple steps slower in information warfare. So, his enemies are able to prepare well in advance and deal with him accordingly. The enemies that'll be coming in from the other continents will be equipped with a level of knowledge, unlike anything we've seen. After all, their Continents are more developed than Sumatra.]

"Tell me something," Yamahara asked as he stared at the Transcendent Eater, "In the past three decades, Sumatra's power system has developed significantly. From barely anyone having a Second Nature to countless people having three Natures. If we continued to develop at this pace, wouldn't we become tremendously powerful in a century?"

[Maybe, maybe not. Body, Mind, and Soul are three aspects that form Prana. Sumatra's power system is primarily reliant on the mind aspect alone. The other two aspects haven't been developed much. Even the breakthroughs we have are in the mind aspect, through which we're emulating the other two aspects. That's our disadvantage. Our enemies have developed all three aspects. They probably have the means to shrug off our attacks without issues, as they operate at a level of power system far beyond our understanding!]

"Then, help me." Yamahara requested, "Since you know everything, help me perfect our power system. And if you take the lead, it'll be easy to stop the war and focus on development until enemies from other continents arrive."

[Unfortunately, I cannot interfere. Sumatra might be in stasis, but it set in place some rules before becoming a Continent. It would rather try to kill us all than have all of us actively interfere with whatever is happening on Sumatra Continent. Originally, it allowed communication. But because of the Mammoth Ancestor's attacks, it blocked all means of communication too. If not for my relation with the continent, I too would have been blocked out fully!]

"I understand," Yamahara sighed, "Seems I can only try to forge peace one by one on my own."

[That's too late, Yamahara. Whether it is the Mammoth Clan, Cooter Clan, or the Brimgan Empire, too many of them have been killed by your father. The hatred had simmered too long and it's just a matter of time before it explodes. It's better if you use your strength to elevate the strength of Sumatra in other regions. It's a massive Continent. And everything you've witnessed is happening in a small region on it!]

Yamahara processed all the information and then asked, "Can you give me information about the body and soul aspects of Prana?"

[I would love to, but I don't know anything about them either. Sumatra's Transcendents are actively collecting information about it, but all the nearby continents are either on par with Sumatra or are weaker. And we're all using the mind aspect alone.]

Upon seeing Yamahara's disappointed expression, the Transcendent Eater thought a little before saying with a cheerful tone.

[Say, why don't you return a couple of decades later? I'll have obtained some information about the body and soul aspects of Prana.]

Yamahara stared at the figure of Celestial Boar and the golden Yarsha Zahara defending him, observing that they were worn down, 'The power I absorbed from mother and father has already been mostly consumed. It'll take me time to collect an equal amount of blood without hindering their growth.

Letting out a soft sigh, he stared at the Transcendent Eater and bowed, "I found what I came here for. The costs are too high to converse with you, so I'll only resort to it when I find myself at a dead-end. Thank you for your time."

[Seems you have some ideas to explore.]

"They're not related to the body and soul aspects. I'm only relying on my power as a Minor Treasure to strengthen my people." Saying so, Yamahara waved his hand, "Thank you for your valuable input."

His figure vanished from the mindspace. But a sliver of the Celestial Boar remained behind and glared at the Transcendent Eater, expressing its voracious desire for an instant before dissipating. A few seconds of silence later, the Transcendent Eater left a comment.

[This bastard must never reach the Transcendence Stage. No one will be able to stop him!]

Blood mist oozed out of the Parute Tree and transformed into Yamahara. His eyes shot open and stared at the Parute Tree withering right after he had exited its body, 'As I assumed, the Transcendent Eater dislikes anyone touching its root tendrils. So, it's changing locations for those that are touched.'

Parute Trees were root tendrils of the Transcendent Eater. The reason they existed on Sumatra was to fuel it. And it was the Transcendent Eater's job to keep the natives of Sumatra Continent well fed in terms of Prana.

As for the energy requirements to produce trillions of Parute Fruits across the entire Sumatra Continent, the Transcendent Eater relied on the Sandy-Grey Void, using it as nutrients. And it's not like it's doing it for free.

Any being that dies close to a Parute Tree gets absorbed by it gradually. The records of that being will appear in the Transcendent Eater's database, allowing it to revive them when necessary. Of course, it cannot revive them on Sumatra Continent, for the Continent won't allow that to happen.

But the Transcendent Eater could revive people anywhere else it pleased, 'That means even if someone dies, as long as they die near a Parute Tree, the Transcendent Eater will be able to revive them. They'll be able to fight the invaders from other Continents in the future.'

His mind was filled with thoughts as Yamahara stared at Brangara and said, "Father, there are some risks related to your usage of your Tertiary Nature. But it's an inevitable risk, so you needn't worry about it. Go all out, whenever necessary."

"What exactly is this risk you speak of?" Brangara asked, dropping the matter upon seeing his son shake his head, "If there's a reason you cannot speak about it, I won't press on it further."

"Thank you, Father." Yamahara smiled and then faced Yarsha Zahara, "Mother, can you summon my siblings?"

"There's something I need to show everyone."

Ten minutes later, the quartet of Brana, Baga, Braga, and Barla gathered around Yamahara, their gazes curious.

"You're a Minor Treasure? That's so cool!" Barla said as she twirled her younger brother's long hair, "You have the same scent as Mother."

"I do, hehe!" Yamahara smiled as he leaned towards Barla, making it easier for her to play with his hair. The hair then turned brown, surprising everyone as he said, "Who does it smell like now?"

"Dad?" Barla was surprised by the sudden change. Her eyes twinkled when Yamahara began to smell like her next, "You're amazing, Litto!"

"Litto? That's not my name…" Yamahara smiled wryly when he was lifted into the air and twirled around by Barla.

"It's short for little toddler. I thought of it just now, praise me!" She said while sniffing, "You know, now that I get a better grasp of your smell, beneath what you're showing, you have the same scent as a newborn baby. So, you're Litto!"

The siblings had been accumulating significant stress upon being attacked by Blola at the Zahara Kingdom. They were constantly worried about being jumped by the Mystic Seven. In such times, the arrival of Yamahara was a breath of fresh air, allowing them to relax and have fun a bit.

"Give me your hand, big brother." Yamahara extended his hand towards Brana, fusing into the latter's body upon contact.

"Eh?" Brana looked around in surprise before finding himself convulsing on the forest floor, twitching erratically as a large stream of Prana seemed to be gushing into his body, steadily building up his presence.

"Dad, what is happening?" Barla asked Brangara in a hurry, "What's Litto doing to Brana?"

"This is…" Brangara was unable to speak, too stunned to utter anything. The presence fluctuations before him weren't nostalgic, but stuff from his worst nightmares. "You should…

stop that, Yamahara!"

"Please, don't do it."

"It's not what you're worried about, Father." Yamahara's figure condensed beside a twitching Brana and consoled his father, "Please relax and observe the changes to Brana."

"What just happened?" Brana regained his bearings and got up, feeling strange, "Why do I feel…stronger? Is that my body?"

He clenched his hand into a fist when his presence flooded out of his body, unleashing a gale as the nearby Decodus Trees bent faintly in response. He couldn't believe himself, staring at Yamahara in a daze, "What did you do to me?"

"What was that?" Brangara stared at his youngest son in confusion.

"That's my power, Father." Yamahara said, "I can absorb and store bloodlines in myself. And I can use it to strengthen the respective bloodlines."

"Then, am I…" Brana stared at Brangara, "I feel like I've become similar to your past self."

Mutated Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Boar King!

"Once I recover my power, I can repeat the same to the rest of my siblings. It's possible as you've already raised their potential at the Brimgan Empire's Varahan Mansion." Yamahara stared at Brangara to explain, "I used your bloodline of Empyrean Boar King to elevate their being. As they are your descendants, it's a smoother process."

"The quality of your grandchildren's bloodline isn't pure enough, so it'll take me months, if not years to elevate them into Boar Kings currently. But in the future, as their bloodlines are strengthened by practicing Mystic Sumatra Art, it'll be faster elevating their strength." He spoke.

Yamahara's expression turned sad upon seeing the expression of pity Brangara directed at his children, "Father, are you…"

"I became the Empyrean Boar King by consuming my brethren." Brangara became teary-eyed as he stared at Yamahara, asking, "If you have used my bloodline to elevate theirs, then isn't the condition the same?"

"The condition has been attained through you, Father." Yamahara shook his head, "None of my siblings have to go through that. But the rule exists."

"In the worst-case scenario where the Wean Clan is annihilated, the last surviving Boar King will naturally enter the Mystic Stage to become the Empyrean Boar King." Yamahara said, hurriedly explaining himself, "It's only a last resort, Father."

"I know," Brangara sighed as he patted Yamahara on the shoulder, silent for a while. And then, his gaze hardened as he stared at his youngest son in the eye, "I promise you this, Son. There will never come a day where another Empyrean Boar King has to appear on Sumatra."

"No matter how much I have to suffer, I'll ensure my family will never have to bear that fate!"

"Yes, Father!" Yamahara's eyes softened in response. He then asked, after hesitation, "Can I still continue with what I was doing?"

"Of course, my son!" Brangara enveloped him in a hug, "You're a boon to my Clan! Be proud of it!"

The reason Brangara accepted it without hesitation was simple. In his human form, Brana had the Primary Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation. Upon assuming his Empyrean Boar form, he unlocked the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature.

This had been his case originally as an Empyrean Boar. But now, he had evolved into the Boar King, granting him the Tertiary Nature of Astral Chart upon assuming Pranic Beast form.

Though it was a Gold Grade version and vastly weaker than what Brangara used to possess, it was still Astral Chart, one that allowed Brana to stack the effects of multiple Natures and become a true powerhouse.

"I congratulate you on your success, Master Brana." Bunakin Vara accompanied the rest of the Royal Guard and kneeled in respect, "Glory to the Varahan Empire!"

"Hmm…?" Yamahara frowned as he approached Bunakin Vara and touched him, transforming into blood mist to fuse with the latter's body. A couple of seconds later, he appeared behind him, carrying a palm-sized golden figurine of Brandal Brimgan. "I knew something seemed amiss!"

"W-What is that?" Bunakin Vara screamed in a fluster.

"Even I failed to sense it." Yarsha Zahara gasped in shock upon staring at the figurine, "This appearance…it's Brandal Brimgan!"

Crackle!

The figurine shone suddenly, prompting Yarsha Zahara and Brangara to flicker beside Yamahara. Yarsha Zahara erected multiple cocoons of Prana around the group while Brangara kicked the figure into the sky, watching the figure of Orakha revive beside it.

"Tch!" Orakha clicked his tongue as he retracted the figurine and committed suicide, glaring at Yamahara in his last moments. But in the fraction of a second that spanned between his revival and him assuming his Human Avatar form, a litre of his blood had been extracted by Yamahara.

'Boar King?' Orakha was stunned upon feeling Brana's presence as his body exploded into a sea of flames.

"Hmph! I've already faced this before!" Brangara grunted and assumed the appearance of an Empyrean Snapper Tangible Nature, churning Subtle Terrain Domination to redirect all the flames further into the sky.

With the crisis averted, he returned to human form and stared at Yamahara, "Anything else you can sense?"

"Nothing else at the moment." Yamahara stared at Bunakin Vara as he absorbed Orakha's blood, saying, "It's not unusual as Orakha's powers allow him to modify Human Avatars. He could have made a modification in such a way it prevents us from sensing that Minor Treasure containing the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power. But, I don't understand how you have no memories related to the incident."

"They must have come into contact with you at some point in time." He frowned as he analysed.

In the meantime, the figure of Orakha at the Mammoth Clan was freaking out, "It's over! Everything's fucking over!"

"Stay calm! And tell us!" Raaha rushed towards Orakha, followed by the Empyrean Tusks who all became worried at the sight of his screaming self.

"Boar King!" Orakha roared, "The Wean Clan can spawn Boar Kings now!"

"My…goodness!" Raaha collapsed on the floor, despairing at the news. He stared at the collapsing expressions of the Empyrean Tusks and announced in defeat, "We…no longer have a home in Sumatra."

"Let's leave!"

Volume 5: Wean Clan Supremacy—The End!



Chapter 673 Instinctual Fear

﻿﻿"Let's leave."

Raaha's declaration slammed into their minds like a boulder, hammering in them the reality that Sumatra Continent was no longer safe for their survival. The Mammoth Clan had been pushed to the brink of extinction by a single Empyrean Boar King.

And now, the Wean Clan was spawning Boar Kings like they were a bargain sale. Even if the Boar Kings were only at the Gold Grade, it was an undeniable fact that they possessed Astral Chart, the source of all terror.

Through Bunakin Vara, Orakha had been keeping tabs on the Varahan Empire. Back when they spied on the Zahara Kingdom, Orakha joined hands with Virala to target Bunakin Vara.

Through the Mystic Human Stamp, Virala removed the relevant memories from Bunakin Vara, ensuring the latter didn't remember being targeted by the duo. Orakha then used a combination of his Tertiary and Primary Natures to modify his Human Avatar, creating a safe space to store the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint within.

This safe space was created to avoid the detection means of both Brangara and Yarsha Zahara. Thereby, Orakha was able to steadily spy upon them.

He could sense the emotions of the target fused with his Minor Treasure. That allowed him to have an inkling as to what was happening. Once a day, the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint would vanish, replaced by a new one.

Having been improving his Human Avatar through Sumatra Gold, gradually increasing its functions, Orakha became capable of reviving his Minor Treasure of Orakha Checkpoint anywhere one of the pieces existed.

Through this, he would revive a piece into Bunakin Vara's Human Avatar and then retract the one fused there originally. Upon recovering the Minor Treasure, he would absorb the data absorbed by it through Bunakin Vara's Human Avatar.

This allowed him to observe everything that Bunakin Vara had observed through his eyes, ears, nose, etc.

As the leader of the Royal Guard, Bunakin Vara had the most contact with Yarsha Zahara. Hence, he was the best to use as a spy. Unfortunately, Orakha couldn't do anything beyond that.

Once Yarsha Zahara was pregnant with Yamahara, Brangara bestowed a Tangible Nature of Empyrean Snapper to all the Royal Guards. They positioned themselves in such a way that Yarsha Zahara was within the Spirit Weapon range of all of them.

The moment Orakha tries to target Yamahara, they'd all activate Subtle Terrain Domination. And once he took action, whatever he had created on Bunakin Vara would be revealed. Hence, Orakha could only resort to spying on them.

Through Bunakin Vara, he'd be up to date regarding everything the Varahan Empire was doing. That had been his plan. But Yamahara was an existence beyond his calculations. He was able to sense the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint within Bunakin Vara's Human Avatar and even had the means to safely extract it without harming the latter.

Since his plan had been discovered, Orakha wanted to unleash a last-ditch effort and kill Yamahara. However, Brangara and Yarsha Zahara had seen his revivals before and hence acted promptly, throwing the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint farther away from Yamahara.

Brangara's Subtle Terrain Domination and Yarsha'a Prana Shields protected everyone from harm against Orakha's explosion, rendering his last-ditched effort useless.

As he had already reclaimed his Minor Treasure, he gained the information stored in it, understanding what Yamahara was doing. Armed with the knowledge, depression was all he experienced, feeling that they had already lost this race.

Even if the Mystic Seven were to spontaneously join hands and jump the Varahan Empire, by the time they arrive at their destination, at least four Boar Kings would be there to greet them. This was besides the terrifying Celestial Boar and Yarsha Zahara.

The Mystic Seven would be defeated!

Everyone at the Mammoth Clan had the same thought, their expressions dreary. Vhalla got up weakly and sighed, staring at Raaha to ask, "How do we leave Sumatra? There is no response from the Mammoth Ancestor yet."

"We'll have to use the old route." Raaha's expression darkened. The old route was something the Mammoth Clan had compiled after many millennia of accumulation. It indeed led to another route, as confirmed by the Mammoth Ancestor.

However, it stretched into the Sandy-Grey Void from the Varahan Enclave, home to the Wean Clan. That was the problem. In an effort to avoid the problem, they would have to enter the lion's den.

"You can leave from the Gaja Enclave." Gannala spoke with a somewhat calmer tone than the rest as she pointed at the silent Maroppa leaning on the cave wall at the corner, "She can lead us to the outskirts of the Varahan Enclave through the Sandy-Grey Void. Once we reach the old route, we can proceed through our journey."

"You?" Raaha focused on Gannala's choice of words, "Are you not coming with us?"

"I'm staying behind." Gannala expressed herself firmly, "I am terrified, but I cannot leave Sumatra."

She stared at Vhalla, "The Mammoth Treasury cannot leave Sumatra Continent. It's our foundation, so someone must stay behind to take care of it. With my Tertiary Nature, I can stay on the run for the rest of my life. Even Brangara won't be able to catch up to me at my full speed."

"No, you're our future." Raaha denied her intentions, "You're the sole Empyrean Tusk who can accept the inheritances from all Empyrean Tusks. Without you, the Mammoth Clan has no future."

"We had no future from the moment we decided to flee." Gannala snorted, "And I'm not recklessly saying this."

She pointed at Harrala, "She'll be able to enter the Mystic Grade in the future. So, we'll have a future even if we enter another Continent. There's Grehha's daughter too."

"Resha, Blola, and Orakha have yet to have children. That's three more Mystic Paths." She argued, "That's more than enough foundation to behind a new life on another Continent. Without the threat of Brangara, you'll have an easier time surviving."

"Besides, Chief." Gannala eyed Vhalla, "Will you abandon the Mammoth Treasury?"

The Mammoth Treasury will remain on Sumatra Continent. The Mammoth Clan had tried many methods two millennia ago, but failed to bring it beyond the borders of the Continent. That was why the stronger tribe had to leave it behind.

And it's not as if Gannala was confident of killing Brangara or anything. No, she was equally terrified of the news. However, she didn't despair, feeling that there was still enough hope to fight for her survival.

If nothing works, she could simply flee for the rest of her life. Upon equipping herself onto the Nature slot of an Empyrean Zinger—with the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity

—in her possession, she could flee at terrifying speeds.

Hence, as long as she had a fighting chance, Gannala intended to give her all. Besides, she could use this situation to demand possession of the Mammoth Treasury. So, that worked in her favour too.

As long as she was alive, the Mammoth Clan could be rebuilt from scratch. Her predecessor had already achieved it once. She had the perfect blueprint to follow and succeed.

'With the Mammoth Treasury in my possession, I can become the Supreme Tusk.' She thought. In the Mammoth Clan, the strength distribution was lopsided. Pretty much everyone strong other than Raaha was a part of her immune system.

So, she wasn't losing too much strength if the rest of the Mammoth Clan left. It was a pity the Empyrean Tusks were leaving, but as an Empyrean Tusk herself, Gannala intended to preserve the Mammoth Clan to her utmost possibility.

"As the Mammoth Clan Chief, preserving the Mammoth Clan's strength is my responsibility." Raaha sighed as he stared at Gannala, "If you wish to stay behind, I won't force you otherwise. You can take care of the Mammoth Treasury until the day a stronger Mammoth Clan returns to Sumatra."

"You're indeed the most capable of fleeing from Brangara."

Raaha then stared at Vhalla, "Please begin the transfer process of the Mammoth Treasury."

"…Alright." Vhalla nodded and approached Gannala, "It'll be a bit painful at the start but please bear with me while your brain turns into a biome."

"Okay," Gannala nodded with a serious expression, watching as a stream of light entered her from Vhalla, beginning the transfer process.

Only the Empyrean Tusk possessing the Mammoth Treasure could form a biome in its brain. As the transfer began, the biome in Vhalla's brain turned unstable. Everything of value, including the Mammoth Elders was sucked into the Mammoth Treasury, confined in its space until the transfer was completed.

Harrala watched the transfer with a saddened expression and focused on her wrist, 'Dad, what should I do? I want to protect Gannala, but at the same time, I'm terrified of facing Brangara. I'm not special like her. I'm average even amongst the Empyrean Tusks.'

In response to her question, a translucent blob popped on her wrist and took on the face of Yennda. He stared into her eyes and retreated into her wrist. His thoughts resounded in her mind space immediately after.

[Do whatever you'll regret the least. I'll support you with all my strength. You're already stronger than all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. We can work together to figure out a way to strengthen you further. What do you say?]

Harrala was silent, making her thoughts from Yennda as she felt conflicted, 'I want to flee from this place, but based on the records, the Mammoth Clan branch from two millennia ago supposedly travelled for more than a century before reaching another Continent.'

'If I do that…' She stared at her wrist, 'Dad only has Iron Grade strength. He'd die before we reached another continent. He'd already depressed enough as is. If he has to spend the remainder of his life in the Sandy-Grey Void…No! I want him to smile…with me…for however little possible.'

She smiled wryly, in peace upon arriving at a conclusion, 'I don't mind dying if I could experience a happy family time at least once.'

She removed the mental blocks in her mind space, allowing her to communicate with Yennda, 'Dad, I want to stay! Are you okay with it?'

[Of course!]

With a firmed gaze, Harrala approached Gannala and patted her on the shoulder, nodding resolutely.

Gannala's eyes widened in shock in response as she blurted out, "No, it's too risky!"

"That's alright," Harrala smiled, "I'm too weak to make the trip. I might hold back the rest. So, I'll stay behind and help you."

"Besides, you need someone to talk to. Otherwise, it'll get lonely."

"Harrala…" Gannala trailed off, her voice slightly emotional, "I'll keep you safe, I promise."

The two women hugged each other, controlling their trembling bodies, aware that they were plunging themselves into absolute hell, all for a fighting chance of a liveable future.

The atmosphere was sombre as all the Empyrean Tusks stared at the faces of each other, conflicted. Their youngest was brave enough to face danger while here they were, preparing to flee.

However, even if they wanted to stay, they couldn't. The sense of fear they felt overwhelmed them, preventing them from harnessing even a tenth of their power when facing Brangara. That was their greatest issue.

Otherwise, the addition of their Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity made them walking, talking natural disasters. In terms of battle strength, they were stronger than the Wean Clan's Boar Kings.

The problem was the instinct of fear engraved into their genetics as a result of Brangara's actions. That rendered them weak. Empyrean Boars were nothing to them, but Boar Kings triggered their sense of fear. If not for that, they would have tried to stay behind and fight for a future.

Only Gannala and Harrala, as a consequence of being influenced by their Mystic Paths, were able to endure and overcome their instinctual fear.

"It's done." A weak voice resounded from Vhalla as blood dripped from all the orifices on her face. She wiped them and collapsed to the floor, gasping in exhaustion while staring at Gannala, "You now hold the Mammoth Clan's foundation, Gannala."

"The Mammoth Treasury is yours."



Chapter 674 Derivation of a Nature

﻿﻿"Now that it's done, let's leave," Raaha said, only to be stopped by Gannala immediately after. He stared at her in confusion, "Is something the matter?"

"Chief, your power falls in the same category. As the Blessed Race of Sumatra, you too won't be able to leave the continent."

"You make sense," Raaha looked around as he grumbled, "If only Resha was here. I could have transferred the Mammoth Chief role to him."

"Chief, do you mind if I say something?" Gannala asked, curbing her hesitation as she was direct, "Please transfer your power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle to Orakha."

"What?" Raaha was stunned that Gannala was being too direct about her intentions, "Are you being serious now, Gannala?"

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "Since you don't seem willing to gain the power of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, this is our only other choice. Orakha will be able to handle the influence of becoming one."

'Why the fuck is she talking about it out in the open like this?' Orakha was startled by her words as his body froze up a little in response. He indeed had the intention of obtaining the power of both the Gold and Silver Empyrean Tentacles.

But he was still in the process of making the preparations. After all, he didn't wish to lose his power of Human Avatar and Mystic Eater in the process of obtaining the Gold and Silver Empyrean Tentacle powers.

Honestly speaking, his powers were a lot more versatile than what he would be getting from fusing with the Gold and Silver Empyrean Tentacles. Only the revival capabilities of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle were useful to him.

Hence, he was trying to think of a solution for the problem of implosion with his Human Avatar. He had enough Sumatra Gold to stabilise himself and not face any consequences. All he needed was a thought in the right direction and his strength would balloon even further while minimizing the risks.

It was why he didn't take action despite being present with multiple opportunities. But now, Gannala's words placed him in a tricky situation, feeling the gazes of all Empyrean Tusks land on him.

"What are your thoughts on it?" Raaha stared at Orakha, his words stunning everyone, "If you want the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power, you can have it. As Gannala said, I won't be able to leave Sumatra with it. So, I'm better off giving it to you."

"Honestly speaking," Orakha sighed and revealed his thought, "Individually, the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power is stronger than the output of my Primary Nature. But now that I've started to successfully harness more of the power of Sumatra Gold in my Human Avatar, I'm gradually reaching Mystic Grade strength. In a few decades, I'll have power superior to a Mystic Tentacle."

"Then…" Raaha stared at Harrala, "Does Yahard Tusk wish to obtain the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power? Since you're staying here, he'll be able to wield it without issues."

"I'll bring him out." Harrala excused herself and brought out her Settlement Leader, the one with the power of the Silver Empyrean Tentacle, Yahard Tusk.

And the moment he heard the proposition, he kneeled on the ground with an expression overwhelmed by joy, "That'll be my honour."

"That's done then." Raaha stared at Gannala, "Anything else?"

"Yeah," Gannala nodded and stared at the Empyrean Tusks, "I need to give them all something."

With a thought from her, the Mammoth Treasury manifested beside her. The six-storey tower brimmed with a suffocating might as Vhalla stared at it with a pitiful expression. It was her responsibility to protect the Mammoth Treasury. And now, she had given it up to Gannala, despite being the 1st Empyrean Tusk.

Once Gannala reached maturity, she'd naturally gain the title of 1st Empyrean Tusk due to her strength. transferring ownership of the Mammoth Treasury to her would have been natural. But as Vhalla had done it prematurely, she felt lacking.

'I can't even protect the next generation. What the fuck do I exist for then?' She clenched her hand into a fist, watching it tremble the moment she thought of the Celestial Boar, 'This…fear! I can't seem to break out of it.'

'I'm running away like a coward!' Her expression convulsed upon staring at the back of Gannala, 'She has been doing everything in her power to create a future for us. As the leader of the Empyrean Tusks, I should have done something.'

'Alas! I'm nothing!' She stared at the ceiling of the underground dome with a vacant gaze.

In the meantime, the moment Mammoth Treasury fully stabilised itself, Gannala entered it and walked to the centre of the ground floor, arriving at the centre as she stared at the empty field of grass before her.

A thought from her and the ground convulsed, revealing a flight of stairs. She walked through it and arrived in an underground space. Every floor of the Mammoth Treasure was a world of its own, connected by a flight of stairs.

The underground floor was hidden from others, revealed only to the Empyrean Tusk in possession of it. Until now, no Empyrean Tusk was able to enter it, as the entrance was too small to fit their ginormous bodies.

However, as Gannala had a human form, she could enter it freely. And now, she arrived at the underground floor, staring at the vast meadow that stretched endlessly, 'In terms of size, this floor alone equals the remaining six storeys of the Mammoth Treasury.'

"Instead of leaving it alone like this, we could have farmed here." She muttered upon looking around, "Not only is this space stable, but it's a perfect biome capable of sustaining life on its own. The Major Treasure's influence has accumulated to a decent amount here."

But it would still take dozens of thousands of years before the Mammoth Treasury finishes forming. By then, it would have ten storeys, and each storey would be as big as a world on its own. The entirety of the space inside the Mammoth Treasury currently would barely encompass a tiny portion of a storey in the future.

Due to the characteristics of the Mammoth Treasury, the Mammoth Clan stored Minor Treasures inside. Even when the Minor Treasures unleashed their pillars of light, the pillars of light were contained within the Mammoth Treasury.

This served as their greatest foundation, as the Mammoth Clan didn't have to rely on someone to carry their Minor Treasures for storage, something every other force had to employ.

But the reason they didn't take advantage of the space within the Mammoth Treasury was to prevent its development from being hindered by the actions of the Mammoth Clansmen. They also didn't see the need to use that space, since they had plenty of it within the biomes of the Empyrean Tusks themselves.

Gannala didn't allow distracting thoughts to plague her as she walked through the underground storey and soon spotted the Major Treasure, the sole entity in this storey. It was in the shape of a liver, hovering two metres above the ground.

A stream of light circulated around it, forming twisted curves like a cluster of serpents engaged in a mating dance. From its ends, fragments of the light split off and dissipated, fusing with the surroundings.

The Major Treasure was steadily influencing its surroundings, developing the Mammoth Treasury.

This was the true name of the Major Treasure contained within the Mammoth Treasury. The moment she laid eyes on it, the identity of the Major Treasure popped up in her mind space.

She wasn't surprised though, having already derived its identity through the information present in her inheritance. She had been targeting it all along, having made multiple preparations for it. It could be said that the one who understood the Major Treasure of Arsenal the most in the Mammoth Clan was her.

"The Mammoth Ancestor selected the best possible option in her era. But that's lacking for the current times, especially when considering the capabilities of the Major Treasure of Arsenal." She muttered.

The Major Treasure of Arsenal had an extremely simple power. It retained the information of a Nature fused with it, capable of storing up to ten copies of the same—similar to a cultivator at the 10-Life Stage.

However, since the Nature fused with it was the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's, Sumatra's rule—that only one copy of its blessed race could exist—interfered with it, resulting in the Major Treasure of Arsenal containing only one copy of Thought Condensation.

That was wasted potential, especially because any Nature could be granted to the Major Treasure of Arsenal and it could multiple it by ten. Meaning, ten people could inherit its power at a time.

And if one of them were to die, the Major Treasure would immediately create the necessary copy of the Nature, allowing the owner to bestow it to another individual. If Gannala were to load it up with Internal Inertial Gravity, it would have ten copies of the Nature.

With that, she could bestow ten Empyrean Tusks with a Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Or in the extreme case, she could bestow five Empyrean Tusks with Secondary and Tertiary Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Imagine an Empyrean Tusk with all three Natures filled by Internal Inertial Gravity. Now, that was an extremely powerful existence, able to unleash destructive power on the level of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

Of course, Mahira Tusk wanted to control all the future generations of Mystic Empyrean Tentacles. It was why she placed the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle in the Major Treasure of Arsenal.

During her era, the sole Mystic Grade Pranic Beast was a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. The Mammoth Clan had no one else that could be considered a mortal enemy, since she had annihilated all the Mudroppers.

So, she was of the mind that as long as the Mammoth Clan controlled the power of Sumatra's Blessed Race, it meant that the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle that appeared every era would be a Mammoth Clansman.

That meant a steady stream of Mystic Transcendents that would join her faction in the Transcendent Worlds. She had laid down a solid foundation for the Mammoth Clan, one that needn't be changed if not for the arrival of Brangara.

"I apologise in advance, Ancestor." Gannala bowed before the Major Treasure of Arsenal as she took out the Mammoth Clansman Virala in his Nature Weapon form, "But the situation requires me to strengthen ourselves to the utmost level. For that, I need a stronger Mammoth Clan."

"This is the only option available," Saying so, she activated both Dance of Annihilation and Dance of Recovery on Virala's Nature Weapon form, eliciting screams from the latter. She poured her influence into him, silencing him in a matter of seconds, numbing his mind first.

'Focus on the principles!' She thought and went through her accumulations, retracing the thoughts of Mahira Tusk, 'Weaponisation is something she created through Internal Inertial Gravity.'

By developing Internal Inertial Gravity to the extreme, Mahira Tusk derived the Nature of Weaponisation. The application started as a Skill, and was gradually elevated to the level of a Prime Skill; eventually, when her body, mind, and soul harmonised with the power to a conceptual level, she evolved accordingly, deriving the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation.

Gannala focused on it, intending to apply the reverse on Virala's Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation. The goal was to return it to its roots, creating a Mystic Grade version of Internal Inertial Gravity.

It wasn't just one time that the Mammoth Clansman's power had been built to the extreme to result in another Nature. The first time was by Mahira Tusk. And after multiple observations, adding onto her recent clash, Gannala figured out the principles behind the second time this had been achieved.

And the one who achieved it was none other than Brangara, when he created the Nature of Cultivator.



Chapter 675 Internal Derivative Refiner

﻿﻿Mystic Bone Art allowed Mammoth Clansmen to transform into Pranic Beast that they had fused with at the Body Stage. This was their genetic capability. Even children had this capability. They only had to enter the Body Stage to gain access to the power.

When a Mammoth Clansman transforms into a Pranic Beast, their actual bodies will be housed in a space formed within their Spirit Containers, similar to a biome. Though connected, both their Mammoth Clansman bodies and Pranic Beast bodies were different.

The principle of conservation of mass applied to even Sumatra. When Mammoth Clansmen transformed, they were employing the power of an Empyrean Tusk's biome, which was an effect derived from Internal Inertial Gravity.

And when Brangara consumed Mammoth Clan children through Voracious Nature, he accumulated their genetic characteristics. Eventually, while surviving on a strict diet of Mammoth Clan children flesh, and upon being able to use Mystic Bone Art, Brangara obtained the same characteristics.

Him adapting to this extreme situation derived the power of an Empyrean Tusk, associated with the creation of biomes, similar to the Mammoth Clansmen in his body. It ended up manifesting as the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

That's why in Brangara's case, he could assume two different forms—human and Pranic Beast. His Spirit Container had developed a biome within it that housed one of his bodies in either form.

In the case of the Mammoth Clansmen, this was a characteristic. That's why every time they transformed, Prana was expended accordingly, because their Spirit Containers were shrinking or expanding the space within it accordingly to spit out the body or retract it.

But in Brangara's case, the characteristic had become a Nature, resulting in a biome that was maintained at its largest size, with a large enough door to pull in and out his Pranic Beast form. It was why he didn't have any Prana expenditure for transformation, since the space in his Spirit Container didn't have to change.

Brangara ended up deriving the power of Internal Inertial Gravity to another extreme, resulting in the Nature of Cultivator. This was the actual culprit that turned him insane.

Similar to the Nature of Weaponisation, Cultivator too was a Nature closely in harmony with an Empyrean Tusk. This made Brangara susceptible to the influence of an Empyrean Tusk, similar to how the Mammoth Clan Virala was susceptible to Gannala's influence.

It was why the greater the number of Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Astral Chart, the stronger Brangara had been influenced. His Tertiary Nature of Cultivator created a large doorway that conducted the influence of Internal Inertial Gravity into his being.

This was what resulted in his state of being more Empyrean Tusk than an Empyrean Tusk towards the end of Sumatra Chronicles. It was why no matter how much he wanted to stay sane, Brangara became maddened with rage the moment he spotted an Empyrean Tusk.

But now, Cultivator had been morphed into Voracious Cultivator. That was why the Celestial Boar had a better grasp of his emotions. Only Gannala was able to harness a strong reaction out of him, and even that had its limitations, as she observed at the Zahara Kingdom.

When his family was threatened, he was able to swallow his hatred for Gannala and send a body to assist his family. Had his Nature not been Voracious Cultivator but simply Cultivator, he would have been relentlessly chasing after Gannala with both his bodies.

When she faced him directly, it was when everything clicked for Gannala, allowing her to understand the process through which Brangara derived the Nature of Cultivator and how she could do the same through Internal Inertial Gravity.

This was when her overview of Inala changed, able to observe him with greater awe. The Nature of Cultivator she possessed might seem similar to Brangara's, but in essence, it was completely different.

Her Cultivator was derived from Cooter Clansmen. This was an effect that could be reached when Subtle Terrain Domination was taken to the extreme. It was why when she entered the Nature slot of someone and unleashed the influence of her Nature of Cultivator, they gained a human form.

Subtle Terrain Domination was creating a space in which this body was stored. The end result of both Natures of Cultivator was the same but the process they achieved it couldn't be similar.

Gannala hadn't researched Maroppa's Nature of Cultivator, for she hadn't had the time to do so, and since she already achieved what she wanted by understanding the mechanism behind her and Brangara's Nature of Cultivator.

The power she wanted to gain was the principle behind the creation of Weaponisation and Cultivator. It took advantage of Mystic Bone Art and Internal Inertial Gravity in a certain way, which had significant potential.

She equipped herself onto the Nature slot of an Empyrean Zinger—with the Secondary Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination. This allowed her to better control Virala's body, able to pause the process wherever she pleased.

Only Virala, with the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, was perfectly susceptible to her influence. Anyone else, even with a Gold Grade Nature of Weaponisation wouldn't be under her perfect control, causing missteps during the process.

Even missing a single beat would result in an implosion. If she didn't have the Mammoth Clansman Virala in her possession, Gannala wouldn't have dared attempt this.

It took her a couple of days, at the end of which she stared at the Nature Weapon in her hand that now had a Mystic Grade Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Honestly, as long as she fuses this with a talented Mammoth Clansman, they'd become a powerhouse.

But that wasn't enough, as her goals spanned beyond. Now that she had obtained the Mystic Grade Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, Gannala began to derive it once again, arriving at the Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, taking a bit less than two days this time.

She repeated the process, constantly changing Virala's Nature Weapon form, using her influence to alter his mind accordingly. And whenever necessary, she used Dance of Recovery to revert him to human form.

Immediately after, she used Dance of Annihilation to turn him into Nature Weapon form, looping the process. She kept it up for days, smiling upon seeing that Virala's condition was no different from living in an extreme state.

She maintained the process for over a year, constantly telling the nervous Mammoth Clan to stay put until she was done. Since they had transferred the Mammoth Treasury to her, they couldn't tell her otherwise.

She could do whatever she wanted with the Mammoth Treasury, since that became her responsibility. And under her constant urge, they continued to remain in their hiding spot, completing their preparations to travel through the Sandy-Grey Void.

They were constructing a giant ship, with the materials sourced solely from the tusks of the Empyrean Tusks. Maroppa was infusing her power into it, stabilising the structure through three pieces of Sumatra Gold that Orakha had lying extra.

They'll seamlessly integrate the ship with Maroppa's Spirit Weapons, ensuring it can withstand the Sandy-Grey Void without issues. As it was a complicated construction, it was taking time, even with the combined efforts of all Empyrean Tusks, Raaha, Maroppa, and Orakha.

As a result, they could wait until Gannala did her thing. And a year after remaining in the extreme state, a change erupted in the Nature Weapon form of Virala.

Secondary Nature—Internal Derivative Refiner!

The Mammoth Clansman Virala only had a Secondary Nature, with his Primary and Tertiary Nature slots being empty. And now, through keeping him in an extreme state where his Nature continued to alternate between Internal Inertial Gravity, Weaponisation, and Cultivator, he gradually adapted, resulting in a brand-new Nature, one with change as its power.

Internal Derivative Refiner was capable of deriving Natures from an Empyrean Tusk's existence. That was its power. As a Mystic Grade Nature, its power was on a whole other level. As all Mammoth Clansmen had Empyrean Tusk genes, depending on the quality and concentration of their genes, Internal Derivative Refiner could condense a Nature related to the characteristics of an Empyrean Tusk in them.

However, the Mammoth Clansman must possess the Nature of Internal Derivative Refiner first. And, this Nature was a one-

time use, similar to the Nature of Phells—Needle Mine!

Once used, it would derive the characteristics into a Nature and vanish. The user would also need to have the necessary knowledge, otherwise it wouldn't condense any Nature and simply be expended needlessly.

It was a major waste of a Mystic Grade Nature, having it be a single-use Nature. However, Gannala planned to make it a part of the Major Treasure of Arsenal, able to use it without issues.

Now that she had successfully created her intended Nature, she focused on the Major Treasure of Arsenal, activating Subtle Terrain Domination. Gradually, she seeped her influence into the Major Treasure, taking over eight months to do so.

Following that, she identified the Nature of Thought Condensation that had been fused into the Major Treasure of Arsenal, using Subtle Terrain Domination to erase it bit by bit, taking ample care to avoid damaging the Major Treasure.

Boom!

The Mammoth Treasury rumbled as the influence—from the Major Treasure of Arsenal—in it began to flow out. Gradually, it formed a wave and entered the Major Treasure of Arsenal, called back to recover from the damage it was sustaining.

'I need to finish it soon.' Sweat covered her forehead as Gannala intensified her focus. The damage she does to the Major Treasure could heal as it absorbs its influence from the Mammoth Treasury.

But the moment it absorbs all of the influence it had generated upon the Mammoth Treasury over twelve millennia, it would be unable to recover any longer. So, she had to complete her process before that happened. Otherwise, the Major Treasure of Refiner would be permanently damaged.

'Faster! Faster!' She thought and harnessed copious amounts of Prana from her biomes to use Subtle Terrain Domination with, keeping a mental note of her pending work and the amount of the Major Treasure's influence left in the Mammoth Treasury.

"Is this…for the better or worse?" Raaha stared at the figure of the crumbling Mammoth Treasury, sighing as he didn't know anymore. He never felt so lacking in confidence as the Mammoth Clan Chief.

Originally, he was confident, because from the moment he took position as the Mammoth Clan Chief, not a single Empyrean Tusk had been killed by the Boar King. However, after the merger, too many variables occurred.

Even though he tried his best to keep everything in check, things spiralled out of his control. The strength of the variables and Brangara had been growing at an exponential pace while he remained stagnant.

And the moment he announced the decision to flee Sumatra Continent, he lost all confidence in himself. That was why he wasn't in the least opposed to the idea of transferring his power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle. He felt he was no longer suited to the task.

'I don't know anymore. Whatever ought to happen will happen.' In resignation, he sat cross-legged on the floor and observed the Mammoth Treasury continue to crumble. Multiple streaks of light burst out through the rubble, entering the bodies of the Empyrean Tusks according to their affinity.

Gannala had already decided upon the Empyrean Tusks that would fuse with the Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Treasury. The Empyrean Tusks stared at the crumbling Mammoth Treasury with a complicated gaze, feeling lacking to wield the power of a Minor Treasure each.

Finally, two years since she had entered the Mammoth Treasury, Gannala walked out, amidst the rubble of a now collapsed Mammoth Treasury. Her weak steps displayed her exhaustion, but her face expressed abundant elation.

She slowly walked towards Vhalla and grabbed her arm, "Please follow the knowledge I'm streaming into you."

"Alright," Vhalla didn't resist and absorbed the information being inscribed on her skeleton by Gannala. Her eyes lit up in shock as a voracious stream of power spiked out of Gannala and seeped into her, occupying her Tertiary Nature slot.

"Now, follow the instructions." Gannala said, her voice weary, but her eyes glinting with maniacal radiance, 'I guess genetics never lies. I'm most exhilarated when creating new concepts, just like Inala.'

As Vhalla followed the instructions in her Bone Slip and activated the Nature of Internal Derivative Refiner in her Tertiary Nature slot, her Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity whirred into life, drawing up copious amounts of her Prana.

It gradually concentrated into her Tertiary Nature slot, taking position as the effect of Internal Derivative Refiner was fully consumed.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

"T-This is?" Vhalla stared in absolute shock, unable to understand how in a mere few minutes, she managed to condense a Nature, that too of Cultivator. Instinctively, she realised that she could now cultivate through the Life Stage, able to freely switch between human and Pranic Beast forms even without Gannala's assistant.

Vhalla stood still like a statue, still processing what had happened. But in the meantime, Gannala approached the 2nd Empyrean Tusk, Rhanalla, and grabbed her hands, "Follow my instructions."

A few minutes later, Rhanalla was still as a statue, just like Vhalla. But ignoring the duo, Gannala approached the 3rd Empyrean Tusk and grabbed her hand, "Follow my instructions."

"Follow my instructions."



Chapter 676 The Silent Tusk

﻿﻿Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Secondary Nature—Kinesis Lantern Deity!

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

Now, armed with three Natures, the Empyrean Tusks were stronger than ever. They were no longer dependent on Gannala to move around in stealth, able to assume human forms through their Tertiary Nature.

Moreover, just switching between the human and Empyrean Tusk forms resulted in a power output on par with a Gold Grade Nature. After all, an Empyrean Tusk was just too massive. A tornado was generated every time Gannala switched forms due to the resulting expansion and contraction of space.

'I am strong now.' Gannala thought as she stared at her hand, observing the waves of Prana circulating through the blood underneath her skin. The Major Treasure of Arsenal had fused with her liver, becoming part of her power.

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

With a thought from her, one of the ten copies of Internal Derivative Refiner became absorbed into her Weaponisation, allowing her to automate the process that she had done to Virala. A second later, her power changed.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

"Phew…" She exhaled softly, watching her figure sink into the ground, resulting in a terraneous crater. Her Secondary Nature was a Mystic Grade version of Internal Inertial Gravity. The moment it formed, her body's density billowed to a whole new level, to an extent even she was unable to handle for a moment.

"What's that? What is happening to you?" Raaha shouted in shock while the Empyrean Tusks moved to help Gannala.

"It's…alright!" Gannala said, grunting as her words resulted in a sonic boom that sent everyone flying. She closed her eyes and focused on her Secondary Nature, adjusting to it a few seconds later.

Her eyes shot open as she walked out of the crater, no longer damaging the surroundings. She stared at the ground she stood upon, noticing that the traces she left behind were even more minute as compared to before.

An Empyrean Tusk in human form was able to move without leaving behind a footprint. But now, things had improved to a whole new level.

Gannala approached Orakha and leaped faintly, making a vertical spin before landing on his hand. She extended her right hand and used the edge of the nail growing on her index finger to rest upon a strand of thin hair growing from the back of Orakha's middle finger.

The point of contact was minimal, a fraction of a millimetre. But the strand of hair bent only to a microscopic level. To the naked eye, it hadn't budged in the slightest. The weight of her body, including the biomes she carried in her human form, wasn't exerted externally.

"How…is she doing this?" Vhalla stared at Gannala, failing to process the scene playing out before her, "This level of control isn't realistic."

"I'm not done yet." Gannala expressed softly as she lightly flicked her index finger and leaped into the sky, reaching a height of a kilometre. It was as if she wasn't even a gram heavy, for the flick only ruffled the strand of hair on Orakha's arm.

Upon reaching a kilometre in height, Prana billowed out of her body as Gannala also activated her Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Combining the two Natures, she assumed Empyrean Tusk form, silent in the transformation.

No wind was generated by the transformation. As her human form was replayed by the Empyrean Tusk form, the air that was pushed out was so seamlessly absorbed by her trunk that there were no sounds or wind accompanying her transformation.

The exoskeleton covering the trunk extended to form a bone needle that now landed on Orakha's hand, causing him to grunt in pain as creaking sounds resounded from his arm. But that was it.

Even after she assumed Empyrean Tusk form, she was able to control the weight of such a massive being that despite holding it firmly, Orakha's arm hadn't shattered.

No other Empyrean Tusk was able to replicate the effect. Even when they used Internal Inertial Gravity, when they moved, the Empyrean Tusks thundered the earth and left massive craters upon every step.

But armed with two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, with one of them being at the Mystic Grade, Gannala was pretty much a silent mountain. In the future, she could actually charge at her enemies, who wouldn't know anything unless they were seeing her. Though caught unaware would silently be stomped to death by a charging Empyrean Tusk.

The Silent Tusk!

The thought popped into the minds of everyone as Gannala reverted to her human form. She lithely landed beside a stunned Orakha and asked, "Uncle, can you convey the news of Yamahara to Virala and Inala?"

"I can, for Virala." Orakha regained his bearings a few seconds later and controlled his bewilderment to speak, "But I have no idea where Inala might be."

"Please search in the vicinity of Influenced Regions. There's a possibility he might be there." Gannala said, "If he's hole up in preparations, he'll be defeated when he reveals himself, since he doesn't know the recent changes to the Wean Clan."

"Can I count on you for that?" Gannala asked as she eyed Maroppa, "It seems you've made up your mind about leaving Sumatra Continent. Can you help me with this before you leave?"

"…Fine." Orakha sighed, not having the mood to think of anything anymore. He had plenty of plans to strengthen himself, but was no longer confident upon witnessing Yamahara. 'That one guy can elevate the Wean Clan's strength at an exponential pace. No matter how much we amass strength, we'll be drowned by an endless swarm of Boar Kings. And even if we could endure against that horde, there's still the celestial Boar waiting at the end, with Yarsha Zahara acting as his shield.'

Capable of absorbing and gaining control over the effects of all Natures, Yarsha Zahara was a terrifying shield protecting Brangara. The synergy between the two of them already resulted in a headache-inducing situation. But adding Boar Kings further made things worse.

The icing on the cake for the Wean Clan was Yamahara, an ultimate existence capable of wielding the power of any existence whose blood he absorbs. And this was upon his birth.

Orakha had no idea how much Yamahara would grow and become capable of harnessing the power he had been blessed with. 'As a living Minor Treasure, he breaks every single logic of Sumatra. How are we supposed to deal with such an existence?'

Upon arriving at this line of thought, Orakha wondered something. What was his objective? Why was he trying so hard to face the Wean Clan? And most important of all, what did he have to gain from this conflict?

Nothing! That was his answer! There was nothing he could gain from this conflict other than pain and misery. His goal was to live an unfettered life alongside a happy family. It was unfortunate that Inala had fanned the flames, but anyhow, the woman he fell in love with was Maroppa.

As Virala had plenty of things to busy himself with, he didn't bother unearthing Maroppa's identity. However, despite everything, Orakha didn't feel safe enough to start a family.

Nowhere on Sumatra was it safe. Brangara probably had enough methods to track Orakha. He hadn't done that only because he had a lot to protect. But once the Wean Clan became stronger, no longer requiring his active protection, he'd start hunting all over Sumatra, similar to his lone wolf days as the Empyrean Boar King.

With Brangara's speed, even if Orakha remained on the run with Maroppa, it was just a matter of time before he was caught. Therefore, his only option was to flee Sumatra.

Thankfully, both he and Maroppa were Gold Grade existence, able to live more than a millennium. So, they could wait a century before starting a new family in another Continent. With their strength, they'll have an easier time surviving anywhere.

"I'll send a body for your consumption once we reach the Gaja Enclave." Orakha stared at Yahara Tusk and nodded with a helpless gaze, "You'll receive the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power following that."

From their current location, the closest Enclave was the Gaja Enclave, which needed a month for the Empyrean Boar King to traverse at his top sprinting speed. Since the Mammoth Clan intended to leave while ensuring traces of their existence weren't leaked, they'll take a safer, slower route.

They'd take anywhere between three and five years to reach the Gaja Enclave. It was slow, but it was better than rushing at their top speed and being discovered by Brangara. After all, Varahan Enclave was the only other Enclave in the region.

As both Enclaves bordered Sumatra, Brangara typically traversed along the border and was able to visit the Gaja Enclave at the fastest speed. Hence, their priority was to ensure no news of their travel reached his ears.

As long as he remains ignorant of their intentions, he wouldn't head to the Gaja Enclave.

While Orakha sent his two bodies to the Dralh Sea, intending to communicate with Virala and then search for Inala, the Mammoth Clan finished the construction of a ship that could sail through the Dralh Sea.

Using the three pieces of Sumatra Gold, they constructed a massive biome within the ship, large enough to house a mountain range's worth of resources. Once it's fully filled up, they'd begin their journey.

"Chief," Gannala approached Raaha, "Since you'll be transferring your power to Yahard Tusk, to ensure you don't lose your cultivation, I can impart upon you a Nature."

She didn't explain the function of Internal Derivative Refiner. After all, she had no reason to, since Raaha was leaving Sumatra. It was her decision, at the end of the day, and she intended to ensure no information about the Major Treasure of Arsenal was leaked out, even to the Mammoth Clan.

Everyone only knew that she had done something to the Major Treasure, but were ignorant about the specifics.

"Alright, do as you please." Raaha sighed, lacking the fighting spirit that he had in the past.

Gannala touched his hand and seeped her Prana into it, calculating based on the Empyrean Tusk characteristics she perceived in him through the power of Internal Derivative Refiner, 'I can grant him Weaponisation, but there are risks associated with it. The Chief doesn't seem all that suitable to possess an accumulative power.'

Weaponisation, Cultivator, Empyrean Incubator, Storage Lantern, Mystic Bone, Empyrean 100, and Internal Inertial Gravity; they were the Nature she knew how to awaken in a Mammoth Clansman through Internal Derivative Refiner.

Of them, Empyrean Incubator, Mystic Bone, and Empyrean 100 were something her predecessor had complete knowledge about. That's how she granted Grehha the Nature of Empyrean Incubator and helped Resha obtain both Mystic Bone and Empyrean 100.

Mystic Bone closely mimicked the battle state of Empyrean Tusks. Resha added the inspiration of an Empyrean Snapper's Subtle Terrain Domination and the functions of the Major Treasure of Weapon to Mystic Bone Art and derived Mystic Bone.

Similarly, he derived Empyrean 100 from the functions of the Major Treasure of Pet while remaining in an extreme state—

having lost his Spirit Container.

The methods were already present in the inheritance from the Supreme Tusk. It didn't take Gannala much effort to figure out a path to derive it through Internal Derivative Refiner. As she focused on Raaha, she thought, 'He doesn't have the Fragment Disease, so I won't be able to give him the Pranic Beast form of an Empyrean Tusk even when I grant him Internal Inertial Gravity. Then, there's only one other option.'

"You can start." She stared at Yahard Tusk who assumed his Silver Empyrean Tentacle form and approached one of Raaha's bodies that were split from the stack.

"I'll live up to my expectations, Chief." Yahard Tusk stated with emotion as he stared at the lone body of Raaha before him.

"Go ahead," Raaha inhaled a deep breath as his body was swallowed up by Yahard Tusk.

Immediately in response, the rules of the Mystic Tentacle race took action, deciding which one of the two would wield the Nature of Thought Condensation. But since Yahard Tusk had swallowed Raaha, the rules made him the winner.

'Now!' Right as the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle began to flow out of the 9-Life Stage Raaha, Gannala seeped Internal Derivative Refiner into him and made it take the position of his now empty Primary Nature.

Immediately in response, it drew Empyrean Tusk characteristics from the depths of his being and condensed a power, stabilising the 9-Life Stage cultivation of Raaha.

Primary Nature—Empyrean 100!

"This is…Resha's power." Raaha observed his state, feeling his heart thump in excitement. He sighed immediately after, 'But I am a failure anyway. So, this is wasted on me.'

"Transform once, Chief." Gannala laughed, "You'll be surprised."

"Fine," Raaha sighed and activated his transformation, stunned to see him transform into a figure of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle made out of tusk bone powder, the same that he had transformed into hundreds of times. "This is…?"

"You lost Thought Condensation, but you built your Spirit Container into the body of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle. That remains as is," Gannala grinned, "Empyrean 100 recognised it as your first body."

"You can now transform into a hundred Pranic Beasts." She said and continued to seep Prana into his body through his hands, sending in two more Natures of Internal Derivative Refiner.

"And this is to keep you strong so that you can continue to fulfil your duties as the Mammoth Clan Chief. If it's you, I'm sure you can handle the resulting influence." She said, watching Raaha's shock burst into one of fiery youth, for an extremely simple reason. He now wielded the power of a Deity, two of them in fact.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

No matter how bad the situation seemed, this recovered some of his confidence, 'Though we're fleeing Sumatra, until the day I die, I'll at least continue my duty and not embarrass the title of the Mammoth Clan Chief!'



Chapter 677 Let’s Visit Inala

Dralh Sea, Abode of the Mystics!

Situated in the Dralh Sea's Abyss Ring was a mountain that reached a height of 14 kilometres, the tallest in the region. The entire mountain radiated copious amounts of Prana, littered with Spirit Eaters producing Parute Fruits that fell on the ground upon ripening.

The Parute Fruits enriched the soil with Prana, improving the quality of the mountain. Artificially constructed, it became the sacred grounds for Mystic Humans, named their origin lands.

Constructed at the peak of the mountain purely using Zarzelite was a palace, referred to as the Abode of the Mystics. Due to the characteristics of the mineral, the entire palace shone with a gentle light, emanating a mystifying feeling.

Due to the massive waves of Prana circulating across Mystic Mountain thanks to the actions of the Spirit Eaters, the palace emanated a sacred feeling.

However, though it was called a palace, the building was small, barely occupying 10,000 square metres in area, the size of a square with the sides spanning 100 metres. The main building was constructed as a dome, with conical leaf-patterned outgrowths across the spherical surface.

Within the palace floors constructed out of Zarzelite, there was a circular patch, revealing soil within. The soil was damn, rich with nutrients constantly funnelling into it. Mystic Mountain too had been constructed by mimicking the Spirit Pools of the Cooter Clan.

It absorbed nutrients from the Dralh Sea, especially during the Death Hour when copious amounts of minerals were gushed out. The minerals absorbed traces of Prana resultant from the Parute Fruits mixing into the mountain, becoming enriched in response as they filled the Spirit Pool within the palace.

Affixed in the sole Spirit Pool at the peak of the Mystic Mountain was a Spirit Eater that Virala had gained possession of from Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. It was steadily absorbing nutrients from the Spirit Pool and producing Parute Seeds.

Seated twenty metres before it in a meditative pose atop a golden lotus was Virala, breathing in and out slowly. With every inhale, he drew in the Prana mixed with the air and absorbed it through the blood in his lungs. And slowly, he exhaled out turbid air.

The golden lotus generated a special influence, one on par with a Major Treasure, but geared to a living being's body. As he breathed in and out, his body absorbed the influence and steadily accumulated strength, growing tougher by an infinitesimal amount with every breath.

His tail flashed once, gathering all the Parute Seeds produced by the Spirit Eater and poured them into a sealed treasury nearby. Followed by soft footsteps, a youth entered the palace and bowed at the entrance.

After remaining silent for a few minutes, Virala uttered a soft tone, filled with dignity, "Enter."

The youth was Nez, the first Mystic Human that had appeared from the Dralh Sea. He had grown a bit over the years, now more informed and armed with a decent wealth of experience.

His expression was zealous as he walked softly and approached a second golden lotus that was positioned adjacent to Virala. He approached it and took a seat on it, scrunching up immediately as a powerful stream of influence flooded his being.

His mind space felt the pressure the most, causing the data to manifest tangible outside his body. He gradually gathered his bearings and generated Prana, absorbing the tangible data back into his mindspace.

Soon, he adjusted to the intensity of the influence generated by the platform, feeling his body gradually strengthen in response. The golden lotus was Virala's Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp.

The reason there were two of them was simple. The moment Gannala used the Mammoth Clan Virala to generate the Nature of Internal Derivative Refiner to be housed in the Major Treasure of Arsenal, he was considered dead.

The Mystic Human Virala was no longer inhibited in his cultivation after that. The moment he sensed the opportunity, he directly entered the 2-Life Stage and had been focused on steadily cultivating his second body.

And the moment he gained a second body, his Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp replicated itself. Similar to how a Major Treasure's influence builds up an Influenced Region, by concentrating its influence, the Mystic Human Stamp gained a second piece.

It did consume a stupid amount of Prana though. Thankfully, the Dralh Sea had plenty of food and an extremely limited number of predators. Due to repeated invasions from the Bludders and overcrowding of Phells, the powerful Pranic Beasts that once inhabited the Dralh Sea thinned out rapidly.

The scant few survivors were living within the Abyss Ring. And of course, Virala didn't want powerful enemies to live at his doorstep. Hence, he systematically eliminated them, using the Prana he generated by consuming them to grow his second Mystic Human Stamp.

Currently, there were a total of 814 Mystic Humans excluding him and Ruvva. This was from a million Free Humans attempting the process. The results were extremely satisfactory for him, for 814 Mystic Humans laid down a solid foundation.

That wasn't all. Once a year, Knork Island would send a talented batch of Free Humans who had gone through the mode of education Virala had created. They'd attempt the process of becoming Mystic Humans.

Knork Island's population was currently at four million. With the Mystic Humans giving protection and resources, not to mention expanding the size of the island artificially, enough space had been made to accustom ten million humans.

Other than the ones left to maintain the population, every other child would aim to become a Mystic Human. Virala aimed to have at least a hundred thousand Free Humans attempt the process every year.

That would result in about a hundred Mystic Humans, if their quality was good. Being able to add a hundred Mystic Humans every year was an ample amount. It would take a decade to reach that point, following which the place would usher in a virtuous cycle.

The kids of Mystic Humans were born as Free Humans, but their success rate in becoming a Mystic Human was significantly higher than the Free Humans of Knork Island. Once the strengths of the Mystic Humans stabilise and they start having children, the Dralh Sea will truly become a stronghold.

And as their leader, Virala had completely whitewashed his image as a virtuous leader. Not that he stopped being his scummy self, but he simply had no reason or opportunity to do so. His strength had reached such a height that he started maintaining a fa?§ade.

On a nearby mountain was Peikaha, the Spirit Eater Guardian. He had a Human Avatar made out of Rutham, revived and controlled by a Spirit Eater. He was busy refining Zarzelite using Mystic Kinesis Art.

Though the refining efficiency was limited, as it wasn't Kirenal, it was still able to refine Zarzelite. The efficiency was around seventy percent of refining Kirenal into Rutham.

Zarzelite, when refined fully, produced the Gold Grade mineral, Tratham. It had the property of gentle heat psychokinesis, able to unleash the effect of psychokinesis through heat and light. The heat was warm at best while the light wasn't ear-piercing. They merely acted as a medium to transmit psychokinesis.

The waves of psychokinesis it unleashed varied according to the shape and size of the Tratham. The waves bombarded all forms of matter, but other than acting as a form of force, they didn't do anything.

Varied angles and intensities of push were all this wave of psychokinesis was capable of. Unlike Rutham, Tratham didn't generate any impressive speeds, strength, and range for a Spirit Weapon.

Currently, Virala managed to develop the Tratham into a boat. By coursing waves of psychokinesis through the water, the boat could travel at rapid speeds. The Mystic Humans were already travelling on such boats.

The second variant was a shield, which unleashed psychokinesis on all incoming projectiles, decelerating them rapidly until they stopped before reaching the shield. Virala threw a piece of rock at one such shield upon assuming Brangara's appearance.

The rock lost most of its momentum midway and produced a mild bang upon slamming into the shield. If an army of Mystic Humans carried such shields, they'd be able to tank the throws from even the Royal Zinger.

And thanks to their recovery speeds as Spirit Eaters, they'd be able to get back on their feet quickly even when breached. The strength of the force emitted through the psychokinesis varied in proportion to the amount of Prana expended.

Hence, with the large reserve of Prana that all Mystic Humans possessed, their defensive capabilities were spectacular. Similarly, the psychokinesis could be emitted as a concentrated beam, resulting in an attack similar to the one unleashed by Boul Brimgan's Kinesis Feline.

Since he lacked a ranged attack, Virala eventually swapped the Rutham out of his Mystic Ewworm's tool and replaced it with Tratham.

As using Mystic Kinesis Art would cause him to lose Prana permanently, Virala instead relied on the influence generated by his Mystic Human Stamp to refine and strengthen his Tratham. All the other Mystic Humans were doing the same.

Though the speed at which they could strengthen their Spirit Weapons wasn't on par with Brimgan Royals, it was still a worthy trade-off as had significantly longer lifespans. So, they could afford a longer time to reach the 10-Life Stage and possibly accumulate enough of the Mystic Human Stamp's influence in their Spirit Weapons to turn it into a Minor Treasure.

Virala felt confident that they too could refine their tools into Spirit Weapons eventually through his method. Of course, the chances of it happening were far off in the future.

Virala always stayed on his Mystic Human Stamp, constantly strengthening himself. The second Mystic Human Stamp was used by the other Mystic Humans. The duration they could stay on it depended on their contributions.

'The day I have ten Mystic Human Stamps is when my Mystic Humans will enter their heyday.' Virala thought, snapping his finger once as he told Nez to leave. He blinked once and turned to his right, staring at Orakha to ask, "How long will you be using my Minor Treasure this time?"

Orakha remained in silence until Nez left the palace and spoke, "I won't be using it anymore."

"What happened?" Virala's expression turned serious upon staring at Orakha's lack of fighting spirit, "Did something happen to the Mammoth Clan."

"Nothing happened…yet." Sighing in response, Orakha revealed information about Yamahara's birth and everything he witnessed the latter do.

"Boar Kings…?" Virala was stunned for a few minutes before nodding, feeling pressured by the fact, "That is indeed troublesome. But, confirm me something."

He stared at Orakha to ask, "They're the Boar King and not the Empyrean Boar King, right?"

"Brana's presence upon becoming the Boar King indicated that his transformation was at the Expert Gold Grade," Orakha replied.

"It's not the end of the world then." Virala nodded, "My Mystic Humans can face the Boar Kings. We have an advantage in numbers. And at endgame, all of us will be pooling our strength. So, we have a significant fighting chance."

"The Mammoth Clan will be leaving Sumatra." Orakha sighed and said, "And I plan to leave with them too."

"Are you…serious?" Virala was silent for a few seconds before asking, "What about the rest?"

"Yennda is staying behind, but he's prepared to die. Blola doesn't care. He's confident of succeeding as long as he reaches the 10-Life Stage, so he's staying too." Orakha trailed off, "Grehha…I'm not sure. He has expressed neither an interest of staying nor leaving Sumatra."

"His daughter has been birthed, right? What's he doing with her?" Virala asked next.

"He has encased her in an Empyrean Incubator immediately upon being revived by Blola." Orakha said, "His daughter has remained in the state of a newborn since then."

"I won't stop you if you wish to leave, but I'm afraid leaving Sumatra isn't up to us." Virala said and got up, stretching his joints to brisk himself, "While the Mammoth Clan is making plans to leave, let's ask the guy who probably knows the best solution to the situation."

"Do you know where Inala is?" Orakha asked in excitement.

"I know the direction he went last." Virala said and pointed at the Abyss Fall, "From the data I pulled out of the Pranic Beasts living here, I saw scenes of him entering the Abyss Fall."

With a mild grunt, his newly forming body stayed behind on the Mystic Human Stamp while the mature body grabbed Orakha and jumped in the direction of Abyss Fall, "Let's visit him, shall we?"

"I want to know how much he has grown in this time."



Chapter 678 He’s Waiting Inside

﻿﻿"We have no idea how long it might take or if he's even there at the bottom of the Abyss Fall!" Orakha shouted as he fell towards the Abyss Fall alongside Virala, "Won't the influence send your stack out of whack?"

"That's the best part about being a Mystic Human." Virala grinned as he covered the duo with a submarine made out of Tratham, "Even if our bodies are split apart, we can easily recover the stack without issues. We have no influence to worry about."

With a tug of his tail, a large amount of Parute Fruits stored in the tell fell into the submarine whose lid closed up as the duo took seats within. Psychokinesis whirred to the extreme, unleashing a powerful thrust as the submarine plunged deeper into the Abyss Fall, going against the water currents.

Phells were pushed to the side as the submarine brushed past them. Some of them exploded, purposefully plunging their needle-shaped noses into each other in an effort to harm the speeding object past them.

However, even the force behind their explosion was kept at bay by the force of psychokinesis constantly radiated by the submarine. As their surroundings darkened, Orakha regained his cool and asked, "Isn't the risk too much?"

"I can revive when I get killed, but you've come with your mature body." He expressed his worry, "If this body of yours gets killed, your accumulations would be halted to a large extent."

"Well, this is the path Inala had used, so I'm sure there's something at the end of this line for us," Virala said and casually chucked a few Parute Fruits into his mouth. "I don't think he would die a dog's death anywhere outside an Influenced Region. So, I'm pretty sure he's alive."

The duo continued to travel through the darkness for four months before they noticed a light, soon entering the hollow section underground. Propelled by Virala's Mystic Grade psychokinesis, the submarine was faster than Inala's, shortening the almost year's journey to around five months.

As they travelled through the stream of water, the figure of a planet farther away became highlighted in their vision. Staring at it, Virala commented, "See! I knew there was something here."

"This place is...?" Orakha stared at the various streams of water heading towards the planet. He focused on the design of the landmass on the planet, immediately recalling an illustration published in Sumatra Chronicles, "This is the Ravaged Federation!"

"Inala is making plans for the Fourth Major Disaster?"

"Hahaha! Of course, he would do something like that." Virala burst into laughter as the submarine continued to approach the planet. He then stared a Orakha to say, "Can you mimic the presence of a Ravaged Tribesman? It seems the oceans of this planet are filled with Phells. Since we came here to find Inala, it won't be nice to wreak havoc."

"Give me a few minutes," Orakha said and began to arrange his Human Avatar, gradually modifying the presence he released. He absorbed some of the Tratham from Virala's submarine and used it to make the changes.

Following that, he released the presence of a Ravaged Tribesman and coursed it through the submarine, observing the Phells drop their aggressiveness towards them. "I can maintain this effect on you within my Spirit Weapon range. So, stay close to me. Otherwise, the Phells will try to jump you."

"Alright," Virala nodded as the submarine landed in the middle of the ocean, following which he steered it towards land, approaching the closest city, Myorc City. In a mere five months, they had completed the journey.

He retracted the submarine and walked alongside Orakha, observing a couple of Mystic Eaters take refuge in his clothes, coiling around his midriff to generate the presence of a Ravaged Tribesman. "Let's start searching for Inala."

"I don't think that would be necessary anymore," Orakha said and pointed at the people on the shore making inspections on their ships. It was daybreak and they had just returned from their fishing trip, hauling large batches of Phells from the ocean.

Of the people working there, one middle-aged man stared at the duo of Virala and Orakha, waving at them.

"Do you know who he is?" Virala asked as he stared at Orakha, "He's behaving familiarly with us."

"First time I'm seeing him." Orakha stared at the Mystic Eater concealed in his sleeve, stating upon observing its reaction, "He's a Ravaged Tribesman and doesn't have any similarities to a Zinger."

"The two of you must be newcomers." The middle-aged man was Rattac, the enthusiastic individual who welcomed Inala. Staring at the duo, he exclaimed in awe, "Long ago, I met a guy who came from the ocean similar to the two of you."

"Did he say his name?" Virala asked.

"Let me say a few things about the Ravaged Federation first." Rattac said and welcomed the duo to the place, "Even in the Ravaged Federation, our Myorc City prides itself in being extremely open and easygoing about life."

He brought the duo to the entrance of Myorc City, greeting the people along the way.

"Did you see it?" Virala whispered to Orakha as he transformed his ears alone into the Empyrean Boar King's for an instant.

"Yeah..." Orakha nodded, watching the bodies of his Mystic Eaters faintly tremble in response, "The frequency isn't audible to human ears, but this is the Zinger shriek."

"He's here, alright," Virala smirked and eyed everyone the Rattac had greeted using the Zinger shriek alongside his normal voice. "And judging by what I'm seeing, he has established an underground force."

"Do we interrogate?" Orakha said, raising a Mystic Eater, intending to capture Rattac, "It'll take me two seconds to subdue him."

"Don't," Virala grabbed Orakha's hand and said in interest, "Let's wait and see what happens. They're probably on their way to relay news of our arrival to Inala."

"What if he hides himself further after hearing about us?" Orakha asked, "Even in the Brimgan Empire, he hid himself very well. None of us had any idea about his second identity as Amita Brimgan."

"We've come here this time to tell him about the changes. I don't think it's in Inala's nature to avoid a confrontation." Virala expressed calmly, "But if he doesn't even dare face us even after we arrived with non-hostile intentions, then we'll do as we please."

He smiled and looked around, "The Sanctuary is somewhere on this planet. We'll know the routes leading to it once we interrogate a couple of natives. We can force ourselves into the picture here."

"As a society, we value freedom the most. That's why we live minimalistic lives free of worries. There's no issue of food thanks to the infinite supply of Phells." Rattac continued to introduce the various social and cultural rules of the place as the trio walked through the city streets.

Orakha noticed many women working on the terraces of the houses watching them, sending them flirtatious glances. Some of them were open about their desire to mate with the newcomer duo.

Spontaneously in response, Orakha stared at Virala, stunned to see the latter sporting a calm expression, "I thought you would have been behaving like a rabid dog in heat by now."

"It was my mistake to ask." Orakha used a Mystic Eater to dig into his ear to clean the rot that he heard just now. He then focused on striking a casual conversation with Rattac, intending to probe out more about the place.

"As you're sensing, everyone here is a Ravaged Tribesman." Rattac said as he pointed at the City Lord's house, "We have an entrance leading to the Comb from there. We engage in divine battles and the winner consumes the genetics of the loser."

"We have kept up this tradition for tens of thousands of years. Everyone here has a dominant gene characteristic of at least a couple dozen races." He stopped upon arriving at the entrance of the City Lord's house, "I'll introduce you to the City Lord. He's the strongest and oldest existence of Myorc City. He'll be happy to clear any of your doubts and will also help integrate you into this place."

"We have newcomers? Now, that's the second time I'm witnessing this." The voice of an old man resounded from inside as a hunched figure walked out. His wizened eyes stared at Viral and Orakha to say in surprise, "If my old eyes were failing, I would have assumed the two of you are brothers with the lad that arrived a few years ago."

"If memory serves right, that was almost nine years ago, I think."

'This guy is strong!' Orakha thought, feeling the old man's presence stab at him like blades, robustly powerful and sharpened to their extreme. 'He's only a step away from becoming a Clansman.'

"We arrived here while searching for clues of that guy." Virala got to the point immediately, "We're not exactly brothers, but you can consider us cousins."

"Cousins, I see." The old man, Pettenac said, his gaze hinting at an uncontrollable desire for an instant before subsiding into calmness. "Judging by the strength of your presence, I think in terms of status, you were on par with Inala at the Quip Tribe, right?"

'I believe that's the name he gave to his force.' Virala recalled the scene of the Quip Clansmen facing the Bludders at the Dralh Sea, smiling as he nodded, "It's more or less similar."

"Elder, may we know where he is currently?"

"He's dead." Pettenac sighed, lamenting at the loss, "A pity that he didn't survive his first entry into the Comb. I was looking forward to his feats, but alas, things don't go always according to plan. That's fate."

"He's…dead?" Orakha blurted out in shock, "That's impossible. He's strong."

"The Comb matches fighters capable of killing each other. There's always a chance of death, no matter how strong you are, since the Comb's matchmaking is terrifying." Pettenac sighed as he pointed into his house, "Come join me for a short chat."

"I wish to know more about the outside world, especially about the Celestial Boar."

"We don't mind that," Virala said, still maintaining a gaze of disbelief at the news of Inala's death. It was just an act though as he could still feel the faint vibrations from the Zinger shrieks being maintained in the backdrop. 'Considering how active their communication is, Inala's more than just alive. He's prospering!'

Without relying on the senses of the Empyrean Boar King and the Mystic Ewworm, it was impossible for Virala to sense the Zinger shrieks, especially since it had been improved to an extent the soundwaves were too faint to be felt by an average cultivator.

However, Virala was only able to sense the soundwaves from the shrieks and not the content in them, since he wasn't a Zinger, 'It might be useful to have some Mystic Humans become Zingers for ease of communication. But there might be dangers involved, since I fear Inala can control the race of Zingers.'

He had no idea about the extent of Inala's power mechanisms after becoming the Royal Zinger and how much he controlled the race of Zingers, but he knew better than to take unnecessary risks that could jeopardise the security of his Mystic Humans.

The conversation lasted two hours, at the end of which, Virala and Orakha were informed of all the basics that they needed to live as part of Myorc City.

"Get accustomed to the place for a few days and then you can attempt to enter the Comb," Pettenac said, hoping that at least a few women could get pregnant with the duo's seeds by then. It was the same intentions he had when facing Inala as he pointed at Rattac, "He'll guide you to your houses."

"Thank you for your help, City Lord." Orakha bowed respectfully and followed Rattac.

The duo of Orakha and Virala were silent during the journey, following Rattac who meandered through the crowded streets and stopped at a one-storey stone house, "Please enter."

"There is just one empty house here," Orakha muttered upon looking around at the occupied houses on the street. He then pointed at Virala, "It might be better if we were assigned houses next to each other."

"Of course," Rattac chuckled in response, "Your assigned houses are on another street. I've brought you here for another purpose."

He bowed formally and pointed at the house, "Please enter this establishment, respected Mystic Paths."

"He's waiting inside."



Chapter 679 Plans To Leave

﻿﻿"Please enter this establishment, respected Mystic Paths." Rattac said with a respectful tone, "He's inside."

'Someone knows how to build up tension.' Virala thought in response and spread his Prana into the house, retracting it a moment later, "He's inside, alright."

Just as Orakha was about to enter the house, Virala grabbed him by the shoulder and shouted, "Can you stop with the plays, Inala?"

He stretched his hand and knocked on the stone house, "The both of us can sense what is inside."

"Alright, you got me." A familiar voice resounded from within, followed by a surge in Prana. "You can enter now."

"Let's go," Virala said and entered the house, noticing a round table placed in the centre, followed by three chairs around it, each at an angle of 120 degrees from each other. Seated on one of the chairs, facing the entrance was Inala. In his hand was a Gold Biome Bomb, layered inside by stone.

Originally, the inner half of this stone house was made using the Gold Biome Bomb layered onto the walls. This way, anyone who enters inside wouldn't know that they were stepping within a Biome Bomb, now under the mercy of Inala.

Any regular cultivator wouldn't be able to sense the Biome Bomb, since it was wedged between layers of stone. However, both Virala's Mystic Ewworm and Orakha's Mystic Eaters were mineral-seeking entities.

They were able to notice the difference between the grain structure of the external stone house and its internal counterpart.

However, though Orakha sensed the difference, he didn't seem to care. First of all, Inala was already aware of all his original secrets. Secondly, the secrets that he maintained currently were expertly hidden using Sumatra Gold. No ability was able to break through that defence for the time being, whether it be Gannala's immune system or Inala's Perfect Biome Domination.

"You were this close to dying, you know?" Virala stared at Inala and said with an exasperated tone, "It's dangerous to steal information from me, alright?"

"No need to boast." Inala chuckled as he pointed at the two chairs, "Take a seat. Want some tea?"

"I'll take your most expensive tea," Virala said and seated himself.

"We're not a restaurant." Inala rolled his eyes.

"If you say so." Virala didn't comment much on the matter as he calmly stared at Orakha to start speaking.

"We had to take risks to come here for one reason," Orakha said with a sombre tone and began speaking about Yamahara's birth and the changes that happened to the Wean Clan as a result of his arrival.

Inala listened to everything in silence until the end, his expression gradually growing serious as he kept mum. He then brought in a jar of tea and began serving the two.

"Say something, will you?" Orakha shouted as he stood up in anger, "Why the fuck are you mute?"

"There's nothing much to say." Inala remained casual, "It doesn't matter how strong the Wean Clan becomes. We'll be free as long as we kill Brangara. We don't need to care about the others."

"Wow, that's spectacular analysis from you. If only we had the brain smarts to have thought of it long ago." Virala clapped with a sarcastic tone.

"You're pretty daring to say that after coming to my territory." Inala laughed.

"What can I say, I am confident of wreaking this place competently." Virala smiled, not in the least masking his intention.

"Tell me, Inala." Orakha glared at Inala, "Are you planning to do anything?"

"Why are you talking as if I'm the only capable one among the Mystic Paths?" Inala shrugged and pointed at Virala, "Don't you have this oh, so strong one? He can cook Brangara for breakfast and Yarsha for dinner."

"I can do that, unlike a certain turtle." Virala winked at Inala, "How's the retirement life treating you?"

Bang!

Orakha slammed the table and got up, huffing in anger for a few seconds before regaining his calm. He then alternated between the duo of Inala and Virala, "My job is done here. Whether or not you want to do something is your headache. I'm leaving this fucking continent behind."

"And go where?" Inala asked all of a sudden, his tone serious, "Another continent?"

"Are you insane?"

"I'm perfectly sane." Orakha snorted, "The Mammoth Clan has already made the journey once. We're simply following the footsteps of our ancestors."

"Seems you don't understand the risks associated with the travel." Inala laughed with a tone of disdain, "It's not just the Sandy-Grey Void that you have to worry about. There's also the influence stemming from the Transcendents and Cosmic Beings. You're better off remaining here since I'm pretty sure Mahira Tusk hasn't permitted you to leave Sumatra."

Seeing Orakha frown in response, Inala sighed, "Seems I was right. You're taking the risk without the guidance of a Transcendent."

"Then assist us so that we may escape," Orakha asked, his tone turning respectful.

"I can tell you more about the situation out there, but that's the limit of what I can do." Inala shook his head, "Only an actual Transcendent can protect you from harm once you enter the Sandy-Grey Void."

Inala then talked about the Cosmic Beings and the fights the Transcendents had against them at the Nodes. He then detailed the state of the Sandy-Grey Void, at how there were long tunnels trailing from the Nodes and at the end of each tunnel was a Continent.

"You'll be travelling through the tunnel to reach the Node, following which you'll be entering the tunnel leading to another Continent." Inala said, "The closer you get to the Node, the stronger the influence bombarding you. In the best-case scenario, your bodies will mutate into horrifying monstrosities. Anything other than that is worse than your wildest imagination."

"Mahira Tusk probably protected the Mammoth Clan actively as they made the journey. And there was a good chance she made a deal with a Transcendent from the destination Continent to do the same while the Mammoth Clan approached their continent." Inala said, "And even with all this, I'm not sure what their state is by the time they reached the other Continent."

"They might be suffering from problems stemming during the journey even to this day, even when the Empyrean Tusks died and transferred their inheritances to their successors." He concluded.

"Cosmic Beings…?" Virala asked in interest, "How strong are they?"

"Pretty much all of Sumatra's Transcendents will have to take action against one of them." Inala said, "I don't know much about them either. This is the extent of information that I've gathered over the years."

"They're that strong, huh?" Virala expressed his interest as he stared at Orakha, "Will you be able to afford the journey?"

'Since Maroppa is with them, journeying across the Sandy-Grey Void won't be an issue for them. And with Orakha's help, she could fuse Sumatra Gold into an Empyrean Tusk's tusk to forge a solid ship. As long as they stay within it, they might be able to withstand the influence of Cosmic Beings.' Inala thought, asking Orakha, "Do you have to leave Sumatra?"

"There's no other choice." Orakha sighed, "We'll all die to Brangara if we stay. It's better to seek a path of survival outside. Since no matter how far we travel across the Continent, we'll always remain within his grasp."

"Bruh, just hole yourself up in a far-away Enclave and you'll be fine." Inala grumbled, "Use the Sandy-Grey Void to travel across Sumatra's border until you come across an Enclave. Since they're surrounded by the Sandy-Grey Void, no detection method will be able to sense you there. You can simply cut off the sole route leading to the Sumatra Continent and I guarantee you safety from Brangara."

"You can live a life of content there," Inala shrugged, "That's a thousand times safer than making the journey without Mahira Tusk's support."

He then stared at Virala to ask, "When was the last time you antagonised Brangara?"

"Around five-plus years ago." Virala nodded.

"Did he unleash a pillar of light?" Inala sighed upon seeing Virala nod. He stared at Orakha and shook his head, "Then it's a death sentence to leave. At least two Cosmic Beings might be fighting in the Void. You're guaranteed death if you so much as dare set foot in the region of the Sandy-Grey Void beyond the range of Sumatra's protection."

"What should I do then?" Orakha rested his face on his palm, absolutely confused.

"Are you unable to contact Mahira Tusk?" Inala asked next.

"Yeah, we haven't been able to contact her after the Second Major Disaster." Orakha sighed.

"Then do it like I said." Inala nodded, "Head towards an Enclave and live there for the time being. And once you're able to contact her, you can make plans accordingly. That's your safest bet. And though it won't be as good as living on Sumatra, Enclaves should be able to support your need for resources, I think."

"Yeah, I think we can do that." Orakha thought, 'With Maroppa's help, it'll be possible to reach another Enclave from the Gaja Enclave. Or we can even skip a few Enclaves and head to a location as far as possible from the Varahan Enclave.'

"Is anyone staying behind?" Inala asked next.

"Gannala and Harrala are staying," Orakha said, startled to sense Prana billow out of Inala in response.

"Fuck, why?" He lost his cool for a moment as Inala grumbled, "Why the heck are they staying?"

"Dude, just bring them with you as you flee." Inala glared at Orakha, "Shouldn't you have enough sway over the Mammoth Clan by now?"

"I do, but Gannala volunteered to stay behind to take care of the Mammoth Treasury." Orakha sighed, "And Harrala wanted to give her company."

"Welp, someone's daughter is about to become pig food…" Virala hadn't finished his sentence when a projectile slammed into him and pummelled him into the walls of the stone house. He casually got up from the attack and shrugged off the dust that the projectile had turned into.

He casually stared at Inala, "Truth hurts, doesn't it?"

"I can make it hurt better." Inala glared as immediately, Virala began to age.

"Hmph!" Followed by a grunt, Virala encased himself in a Tratham armour, cranking up psychokinesis to the limit, watching the strings of Prana latched onto him be pushed away in response.

They dangled a couple of metres before him, unable to approach him. He glared at Inala, "Don't think for a moment that I haven't prepared against your abilities."

"You sure about that?" Inala said and transformed his arms into a Royal Zinger's, condensing a Biome Bomb that hung by a threat from his index finger. With a mild tug, the Biome Bomb dangled like a pendulum, beginning to condense lava within.

"Now, that's the spirit." Virala bellowed, excited to fight, "Finally, someone to fight without holding back. Don't cry if I by mistake use your face to wipe my ass."

"It'll be eroded by the time I use your ass to clean the streets." Inala snorted, getting ready to attack.

"I'm leaving." Right as the duo were about to engage in a battle, Orakha stood up and expressed his intention. He then stared at Virala, "Are you coming or not?"

"Already?" Virala raised an eyebrow as he pointed at Inala, "I've yet to see if this turtle has grown strong or not. Besides, it'll be better to understand the strength of the force he's raising, right?"

"His force isn't here." Orakha said and stared in the direction of the ocean, "It's somewhere out there."

He then glared at Inala, "And this fucker isn't even Inala."

"It's a mere puppet."

'I see, so that's what is happening.' Virala's eyes narrowed as his smile widened, 'No wonder that throw felt damn weak.'

"Just send a body to inform the Mammoth Clan." Virala said casually, "You can still revive next to Raaha."

His expression hardened as he plunged his fist through the figure of Inala, snorting upon seeing flesh within. A flex of his hand and the mass of flesh was scattered, allowing him to see the layer of Biome Bome that had condensed the flesh to behave as Inala.

With a clench of his hand, the Biome Bomb was destroyed, following which he stared in the direction of the ocean, "We're not leaving this place until I meet his actual body."

'It seems all the Zinger shrieks were done to give this puppet of the information necessary to maintain our conversation.' Virala thought upon feeling Zinger shrieks resume in the background, sneakily using his Mystic Human Stamp to gather some tangible data from the collapsed puppet. His expression froze for an instant before revealing a smile upon seeing a line hidden at the bottom of the data he gained, one delivered using Inala's voice.

[If you're done playing around, and are feeling brave enough, come to my home.]



Chapter 680 I Have Too Many Choices

﻿﻿"Let's go," Virala said as he grabbed Orakha and jumped out of the house, leaving behind a shockwave as he increased his speed, uncaring if he caused chaos. After all, the resulting chaos would be Inala's headache, not his.

He would be lying if he said he wasn't angered by the fact that after all that setup, the one that greeted them was a puppet. 'And he purposefully behaved like he was after our data to make us assume he's the real deal. As always, he doesn't stop even when a disguise is perfect but has to go beyond.'

He retracted his Tratham armour except for the shoes, generating psychokinesis as a force upon the water as he landed on its surface. This force spread wider across the water surface, allowing him to stand on the water. With a kick of his leg, he sped across the ocean.

Upon running for a few kilometres, his expression widened in shock, "So, that's how you detected that he was fake, Orakha."

"Your senses towards minerals are superior to even mine." He exclaimed in praise. Only after coming close enough that his Mystic Ewworm was able to sense Sumatra Gold deep in the ocean water. Orakha's Mystic Eaters were able to sense them from a range more than thrice his.

'If only this guy doesn't flee and stays behind, there's plenty we could achieve through him.' Virala thought as he stared at the figure of Orakha in his hold, 'His potential is inferior only to Resha. His build can grow endlessly if only he was desperate enough.'

To date, Orakha had never been desperate. He sought strength and intended to improve himself by learning through his failures, but that was it. He wasn't as desperate as Inala or Virala who attempted every possibility along their path to forge ahead.

'The fact that he hesitates to take a life speaks volumes about his approach. If only that changes and he changes from a merchant to an unscrupulous merchant, things will be different.' His thought arrived at a halt as Virala stopped at a spot on the ocean surface, "He's deep inside, right?"

"Probably on the ocean floor." Orakha nodded. "The water pressure will kill me."

"Don't worry about that." Virala grinned and condensed the Tratham submarine. Once the duo took seats within, the submarine sped into the water, gradually slowing down the deeper it went due to the force of buoyancy acting against them.

"Goodness, what the fuck is that?" Virala exclaimed as he stared at the Biome Lattice, startled by whatever the heck Inala was doing here, "This bastard doesn't sit still, huh?"

He soon observed a line, created by Biome Bombs connected to each other to form a thread-like channel. As he followed it, he observed the figure of the Royal Zinger, in all its glory, seated at the end of the line, absorbing Prana from it.

Stretching from his spot as the focus were eight such lines, each pumping Prana into him. Glowing orbs floated on his back, using a string of Prana to latch onto him. Virala stared at the glowing orbs as his gaze became incredulous, "Is that…for real?"

He slapped Orakha on the head, "I'm not dreaming, right?"

"Fucker, you're supposed to pinch yourself in such situations and not hit me," Orakha growled, but couldn't say much beyond that, with the entirety of his focus on a Biome Bomb dangling at the side of the Royal Zinger's hips.

From it, he could sense Sumatra Gold, two pieces in fact. 'I know he has three pieces. But now, I can only see two. Did he use one of them?'

If only his skill level in using the Mystic Eaters had been as good as currently during his time at the Brimgan Empire, he would have easily detected the three pieces of Sumatra Gold getting fused into the body of Amita Brimgan.

However, his attention was always on Yarsha Zahara, for she had dozens of pieces with her. So, he hadn't even thought about looking anywhere else. Of course, as the three pieces were being fused into Amita Brimgan's skeleton by Maroppa using her power, it was harder to detect them.

Conversely, Yarsha Zahara retained the pieces as is in her Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern, which made it extremely simple for him to detect them back then.

'What did he end up using the piece of Sumatra Gold on?' Orakha frowned as he expanded his senses through his Mystic Eaters but failed to find a third Sumatra Gold.

As the duo approached the Royal Zinger, the latter lifted its head and revealed an eerie smile in their direction.

"Fuck, that's creepy," Virala commented, coughing awkwardly when Orakha stared at him in silence, remembering that he had a Mystic Ewworm form.

Seeing their approach, the Royal Zinger condensed eight Biome Bombs, using them to absorb Prana from the lines while it assumed human form, still protected by a layer of Biome Bomb. It was Inala, his expression sleep-deprived.

Messy hair, parched lips, sunken eyes, and dark spots across his wrinkled forehead. Though he seemed the same as usual, bursting with vitality, he somehow appeared to have also aged considerably.

He condensed a Biome Bomb at its maximum size—a sphere with a radius of 180 metres. The entrance opened as through Perfect Biome Domination, he prevented the ocean water from entering inside.

He jumped inside and beckoned the two of them to enter, expressing through body language that he had no intentions of doing anything against them for the time being.

Virala and Orakha made eye contact and nodded at each other, confirming that the one before them was indeed the real deal. The submarine entered the Biome Bomb as Virala retracted it, taking a couple of steps forward until he was a metre's distance from Inala, observing that the latter was more haggard than he had initially witnessed, "What the fuck happened to you, man?"

"It's a short story," Inala said in an energy-deprived voice and snapped his finger, condensing a wooden table and three wooden chairs through Prana. He took seat on one of them, slumping towards the end grandly, "I…know too much."

"What do you mean by that?" Virala frowned, seriously disturbed by Inala's words. After all, it was after taking inspiration from Inala that he too treated the information path, seeking data above everything else.

"This shit," Inala tapped his head, "You know the Major Treasure of Attribute is a brain, right?"

"Of course, we were all there when you took it." Orakha nodded, "Is there an issue with it?"

"Obviously," Inala chuckled wryly, "Resha merely fused with it and gained some mere fragments of knowledge, through which he realised that the Major Treasure of Attribute originated from the Brimgan Founder."

"But in my case…" His wry expression deepened, sporting traces of helplessness, "Through the Bolts of Transcendence, I fused it into my genetic information. The Major Treasure of Attribute no longer exists on Sumatra. Its power became the Royal Zinger's characteristic."

"How can there be an issue with that?" Virala frowned, "It all seems to be good."

"Yes, it is good. But the problem is that I also inherited all of the Brimgan Founder's knowledge." Inala sighed, "That madman was crazy about figuring out the secrets of Sumatra. So, he purposefully failed to enter the Transcendence Stage and turned himself into a Major Treasure. And by becoming a Brain, he was able to collect information through all the water bodies connected to the Brimgan Sea."

"Yes, it was with purpose that he became a Major Treasure here." Inala nodded, "The Attributed Region formed in a location that could be considered a node for the water bodies. And since the day he became a Major Treasure, that madman has been thinking, nonstop, never resting for a single moment."

"Goodness!" Virala exclaimed as he stared at Inala, "No wonder you look fucked up now. Has all that information been bombarded into you?"

"It's a part of me." Inala nodded weakly, "These days, the moment I think of something, tens of thousands of thoughts that the Brimgan Founder had bombards my mindspace. Having options seems good, but only when they're limited."

"I am burdened with too many options for every single choice I make." He grumbled, vexed to the limit, "And his character gave me OCD. Now, I am damn irritated if I make a choice without analysing all the options. Thinking that damn much is frustrating, even when I'm a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"Can't you just…block them out?" Orakha asked as he pointed at Virala, "This guy might be able to help with that."

"Dude…" Virala raised his voice in complaint, not liking the fact that Orakha hinted at his secret to Inala.

"That won't be necessary. I have a million methods to overcome this issue." Inala sighed, "And that's the issue."

'This guy is straight-up flexing now.' Virala clicked his tongue and said, "Anyway, did you receive all the information from our conversation with that puppet of yours?"

"Yeah," Inala nodded, "Sorry about that. I couldn't leave this place on short notice, so I sent a puppet first."

'He's apologising?' Virala felt creeped out by this initiative from Inala, "Man, come out and live like a normal person from time to time. You've become damn weird."

"Is that so?" Inala laughed awkwardly, "I can't help it. Sorry about that."

"So?" Orakha stared at Inala as his voice turned serious, "What's your opinion?"

"Like my puppet said, don't leave Sumatra." Inala said, "Without a Transcendent's active support, leaving Sumatra is impossible, even if you forge a ship solely using Sumatra Gold."

"What makes you say that?" Orakha was startled by the statement, getting up in reflex.

"The so-called Sumatra Gold is merely the Transcendent Prana of Sumatra, a Mystic Transcendent that lost the will to live and turned into a Continent." Inala said, observing the expressions of shock on the faces of the duo as he continued, "When Iron Transcendents lose their will to live, they become Enclaves. Silver Transcendents become Satellites revolving the Transcendent Worlds and Gold Transcendents become the Transcendent World. Finally, a Mystic Transcendent becomes a Continent."

"That's unreal," Orakha slumped on his seat.

"So, you see." Inala nodded, "Sumatra Gold is a priceless treasure for us, but it's merely Transcendent Prana for the Transcendents. They're able to bypass Sumatra Gold's defences and harm us casually. Sumatra Chronicles states that a 10-Life Stage Empyrean Boar King can face weak Silver Transcendents, but that's only in terms of pure power."

"The influence we generate through our Natures will transform into something like a concept upon becoming a Transcendent. So, though Brangara might be able to kill a weak Silver Transcendent, the latter's influence will mutate him beyond recognition. He'd lose his individuality, sense of being, etc. in a matter of hours." Inala concluded as he stared at Orakha, "So if Mahira Tusk doesn't reply, think of an alternative."

"Head to an Enclave and close yourselves. You'll be able to live in hiding for the rest of your lives." Inala said, "That's a better fate than venturing out into the Sandy-Grey Void and having to bear the influence of Transcendents from multiple Continents, not to mention the terrifying Cosmic Beings too."

"Then, take action as soon as possible. Help us!" Orakha shouted as he got up once again, agitated, "Let's target Yamahara and kill him as soon as possible. The longer he lives, the worse our situation becomes."

"I would love to, but unfortunately, I cannot." Inala smiled helplessly as he stared at Virala, "Sense my presence and tell me the truth. Am I strong?"

"You…" Virala's eyes shone as he expanded his Prana detection methods to the extreme, sensing a vortex of presence before him, one inferior only to the Celestial Boar, "You're strong, very much so. But,"

He expressed his confusion, "Why is your strength the same as what you possessed at the Second Major Disaster?"

"That's why I cannot take action." Inala sighed, "My preparations are merely halfway…no, not even that far. I apologise if I dashed your hope, but I'm not leaving this place until I'm prepared enough to face Brangara."

He then stared at Orakha, "If you want to kidnap Yamahara and lock him up in some place until the end of the Fourth Major Disaster, find Resha."

"By now, he must have broken out of his shell."



