Chapter 341 I Approached You for a Reason

"As long as you have a Mystic Grade cultivation technique and a Mystic Grade mineral, it's damn easy for a Free Human to hit the Mystic Grade." The Mudropper said, "The only issue with this is the fact that the strongest naturally occurring mineral on Sumatra Continent is at the Gold Grade."

"Then, isn't it impossible?" Amita Brimgan asked, wondering if everything was about to fail, rendering her sacrifices needless.

"Technically, it isn't." The Mudropper said, "There's a precious mineral called the Sumatra Gold. It's something that forms in the hearts of Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. It's a Mystic Grade mineral."

"Do you know where to find it, teacher?" Amita Brimgan asked in excitement.

"You either stumble upon it by luck or be a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that's able to detect it." The Mudropper said, nodding as if it had forgotten, "If, within the Spirit Weapon range, an Empyrean Snapper too can sense it."

"Then it's hopeless." Amita Brimgan sighed.

"Which is why we'll be proceeding in a different direction." The Mudropper said, "You naturally have an affinity towards Prana. So, creating a cultivation technique and forging a Human Avatar that's able to evolve upon storing a large volume of Prana from different creatures will be a perfect fit for you. Oh, I know just the one."

The Mudropper said, mildly excited, "A Zinger's Primary Nature is perfectly suitable for you…"

It hadn't even finished the sentence when suddenly, a massive Prana Bomb slammed into the ground nearby, creating a thunderous quake as it cracked open, spilling three figures, a boy, a girl, and a sleeping baby.

"How can someone survive that?" Amita Brimgan screeched in shock and immediately stared at the floating world in the sky, "Did they fall from there?"

"They are Mammoth Clansmen." The Mudropper said upon inspecting the fragments of the Prana Bomb, sensing traces of an Empyrean Tusk's Prana in them, "They haven't died because they were protected by Internal Inertial Gravity."

"Though, this is fate, Amita." The Mudropper said as grey sand moved in response to its thoughts and drowned the trio, targeting the momentarily confused boy, "He has fused with a Zinger."

"What I wanted has perfectly delivered itself to our doorstep." The Mudropper grinned and captured the trio, using their imbalanced states to knock them unconscious.

"Rightly said!" Suddenly, a voice resounded from behind them, causing cold sweat to form on the back of the Mudropper, something genetically impossible. That was because of a wave of presence that washed over it like a mountain range being dropped on its back, terrifying it.

Neither the Mudropper nor Amita Brimgan were able to move, rooted to the spot in absolute shock. The Mudropper stared at the ground, watching ripples form on the soil due to the sheer momentum present in the exuded presence, 'There's only one such existence of absurdity on Sumatra.'

"W-Why has the Boar King come here?" The Mudropper stuttered in fear.

"The Boar King?" Amita Brimgan expressed shock, overwhelmed with curiosity to stare at the pinnacle entity that ruled this continent with power that surpassed all previous generations of Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Stay put if you wish to live." A cold voice resounded as Amita Brimgan forgot what she intended to do, sensing her mind go blank from the sheer pressure.

And then, the duo of Amita Brimgan and the Mudropper stared at the figure of a man who walked past them, casual in his gait, and approached the trio. He lifted the baby from the girl's hold and smirked, "The Supreme Tusk's successor, sweet!"

"To think I would stumble upon you like this, Gannala." A maddened laughter resounded from the man and continued for a good fifty minutes. Only then did he calm down enough to address the duo nearby, "It seems you were trying something interesting."

He stood before Amita Brimgan and grinned, "Let me help you reach the Mystic Grade."

…

"I don't exactly understand what happened next. But somehow, using teacher's power, the Boar King ripped out Inala's Spirit Container and fused it into mine." Inala said, sighing as he stared at his palm, "When I woke up, I realised that I was at the Body Stage. And unlike the Human Avatars of all Free Humans that were a mirror image of themselves but built from a mineral of their choice, my Human Avatar was shaped like a Zinger."

"I became able to use the same Primary Nature of the Zingers but in an advanced form, equivalent to the Silver Grade." She said, "And all I need to build my Human Avatar is Prana, a massive quantity of it. That's all."

"I followed whatever Loot told me to do. And then, a week later, he gave me his Prana and Lifeforce." Inala sighed, "I of course wouldn't refuse the Boar King's Prana. So I absorbed it without question. For the following three and a half years, he would bring me the Prana of various humans and Pranic Beasts and make me absorb them all."

"And then, he caused a colony of Millingers to enter the Sanrey Plains and make it the battleground for their Mating Season." Tears streamed out of Inala's eyes, "The Ganrimb Kingdom was wiped out as a result. I survived solely because I hid in the Sandy-Grey Void with the Mudropper."

"When the mating season ended, Loot captured teacher." Inala slumped, tired, "He then brought me to the Dralh Sea and abandoned me there. In guilt, I assumed the name of Inala, since I technically stole his power. I thought Loot no longer had use for me and was simply getting rid of me. But I never expected he was waiting for whatever he had done to my Spirit Container to take effect."

"So, he stole it once your Spirit Container was ready." Wittral asked, gently hugging Inala in concern, "You've been through a lot."

"Yes…" Inala sobbed silently.

Wittral continued to console Inala and asked once the latter had calmed down, "But, you mentioned that your power was only at the Silver Grade. Then what is with both the Mudropper and Loot mentioned about reaching the Mystic Grade?"

"About that?" Inala sighed and revealed his ultimate truth, "One Mystic Grade, a thousand Gold Grade, a million Silver Grade, and a billion Iron Grade."

"As long as I store traces of Prana from all of them, Loot said I'll invoke something called a Bolt of Transcendence. When I survive that, I'll skip the Gold Grade and directly enter the Mystic Grade." Inala concluded, "Though, it seems that wasn't for me."

"You had the Boar King's Prana, so obtaining the Mystic Grade Prana is done." Wittral frowned, "But what about the thousand Gold Grade Prana? That seems the most difficult out of everything. You'll have to spend centuries scouring through vast territories to come across so many Gold Grade Pranic Beasts."

"I'm extremely sorry, Wittral." Inala bowed, "I knew your true identity from the very beginning."

"What…from the beginning?" Wittral was stunned, "You knew it way before I told you about it?"

"Yes, I was brought here to absorb your Prana." Inala said, "You, as the perfect Empyrean Snapper, have received an inheritance from all Empyrean Snappers. So, in your Prana lies traces of all Empyrean Snappers."

"So, just absorbing your Prana is enough." Inala continued, "Loot figured this out by researching the Supreme Tusk's successor."

"Hundreds of Gold Grade Prana from me alone," Wittral nodded, disappointed, "So, this was why you were enthusiastic in arm wrestling against me."

He stared at the ceiling of the room, his eyes moist, "That's…"

"Disappointing."



Chapter 342 Fooling Everyone

"That's…" Wittral stared at the ceiling, his eyes moist, holding back tears, "Disappointing."

"I am sorry," Inala said in a voice brimming with sadness, "I was influenced by Loot. The Millingers destroyed my home. I had nothing! There was none I could count on. I wanted to at least gather the Free Humans here and hopefully rebuild the Ganrimb Kingdom. But I was extremely confused."

Inala stared at Wittral, "You confused me!"

"I did?" Wittral stared at Inala, "Did I?"

"In terms of strength, you stand extremely close to the pinnacle." Inala said, tearing up, "But despite that, when I had nothing, you treated me well. So, even when I had an opportunity, I couldn't bring myself to take the Free Humans with me."

"I did approach you with hidden intentions at the start, but that day, I was on the verge of death. If you hadn't saved me, I would have died." Inala patted his chest in regret, "It killed me to follow Loot's arrangements. So, when I heard you wanted to bring me to your headquarters, I was happy."

"I hoped that in the Cooter Clan's headquarters, I could finally be free from Loot. Maybe I could put all my past behind me and hopefully start a new life." Inala wiped his tears and spoke, his tone weak, "So, when I lost my Spirit Container, I was actually relieved."

"I lost my power, but it also meant Loot no longer had any reason to bother me anymore." Inala let out a smile, in pain, but one of relief, gently grabbing Wittral's hand, "The past three months, I have been able to do what I wanted."

"I could paint, learn a lot of things, and have fun researching."

"You…have been through a lot, Inala…no, Amita." Wittral exhaled slowly, feeling a lot of complex emotions broil in him. His gaze towards Inala was complicated, unable to determine whether he liked or disliked her.

"If not for my arrival, you could have been leading a happy life." Inala said, his tone firm, "So, I'll do everything in my power to restore you back to normalcy. I promise that you'll return to being an Empyrean Snapper sooner than later."

"If you're still dissatisfied by then, you can kill me." Inala smiled, "I am just happy to have lived a life of freedom, no matter how short."

"The time I spent with you will be my most cherished memory."

"You…can stay here for as long as you want. Nothing will happen to you as long as I'm alive." Wittral approached her in closeup and patted Inala's head gently. He then got up and exited the room, entering his room as he sat at a corner in silence.

He stared blankly, unable to process everything he had heard. Slowly, a smile formed on his face, 'She likes me.'

Immediately after, his face scrunched up, 'No, she's the reason I have to suffer like this.'

Two seconds later, his eyes were red, 'She…went through a lot. Her family is dead, her entire life she was imprisoned, and even now, guilt is eating through her.'

"How…should I treat her?" Wittral asked himself this question, failing to come up with an answer. He was an Empyrean Snapper while she was a Free Human. And though he was an Empyrean Snapper, in his current powerless state, he had no voice in the Cooter Clan.

He had no choice but to accept whatever the Clan decided for him. For the first time, he felt that living in the Cooter Clan was somewhat stifling. He was no different from Amita Brimgan except for the fact that his cage was bigger. 'I want to see the world out there.'

He needed to vent his emotions, feeling it hard to bottle up the bundle of emotions that he was experiencing for the first time in his life. In the end, he found the perfect outlet, 'Everything's the Boar King's fault.'

'I'll kill that bastard!'

Back in Inala's room, the person who had weaved such an elaborate lie wasn't feeling better about himself. He stared at his face in the mirror and instinctively punched. His fists bled but he didn't care, feeling revulsed at himself, 'I am the worst.'

Had he retained his powers, everything he did could be written off as a mere grind for survival. The Mammoth Clan's survival took priority. So, even causing mass slaughter wasn't an issue. That was in nature of a Mammoth Clansman.

It was why Zahaella and many masters had razed down Free Human Kingdoms in the past without experiencing any guilt. Only the lives of Mammoth Clansmen mattered. Rest all were fair game. This was the core psyche through which a Mammoth Clansman's mind operated.

And now, when Inala enacted the scheme he had prepared while retaining his powers, he felt disgusted. He currently was himself, thinking with an active empathy that extended beyond Mammoth Clansmen.

He lived alongside Wittral, experiencing the latter's humanity firsthand. With both being in a similar situation, they could relate to each other and found solace in the company. But Inala took advantage of such a situation to manipulate Wittral.

For the past three months, he painted realistic scenes of his supposed backstory, all with the intent to affect Wittral's emotions to the extreme. All along, even after knowing what he was doing wrong, he still went ahead.

And while actually recounting the tale, he felt disgusted. But irrespective of the disgust he felt, he still went ahead, portraying everything with acting so realistic that he felt he truly had lived as Amita Brimgan.

Only after Wittral left did he come to a realisation, 'I'm a fucking piece of shit!'

Remaining in a female form for extended durations made him more emotional, which also caused him to self-reflect harder. But in the end, he avoided the self-reflection and still went ahead with the lie, even going the extra mile to perfect it with art and tying everything to his previous actions.

Even with Wittral's intelligence as an Empyrean Snapper, he couldn't find any loopholes. Forget Wittral, even the Boar King believed it, for the picture of the Mudropper that Inala had drawn with realistic accuracy, the fact of him being able to mould Prana to unleash effects on the level of Iron Grade Primary Natures, with Inala receiving the Boar King's Prana a week after Loot's arrival, etc.

All these points were verified by the Boar King. And the Prana fed to Inala by Loot? That was the Boar King's, obtained when he arrived at the cave in the walls surrounding the Ropper Tribe's territory.

His Prana and Lifeforce were stolen back then. So, that detail too matched what Inala had said. And with the Boar King scouring through the Dralh Sea using a variety of Natures, he detected traces of multiple Prana signatures that all led to Inala.

It too tied to Inala's story of Loot making things through her after she had absorbed the Prana signatures of many people and Pranic Beasts alike.

'If Loot is in possession of Amita's Spirit Container, then when he invokes a Bolt of Transcendence, he'll become an Empyrean Boar King, just like me.' The Boar King focused on the most important point here. Somehow, Loot had gotten close to the truth.

'I need to prevent it from happening.' A second Empyrean Boar King would completely disrupt Sumatra's ecology. The Boar King was aware of that, but at present, all of his detection type Natures only pointed to Amita Brimgan and not Loot.

'The only way to break through this stalemate is through her.' He thought and touched the wall once, creating a door that mirrored his body, opening to allow his entry, 'I'll help this woman regain her strength.'



Chapter 343 A Resourceful Gambler

'I might succeed in my plans, but I'll definitely come to regret this in the future.' Inala closed his eyes and hoped to fall asleep. He was overthinking now, which was risky and could lead to depression, or was already doing it for him.

Rest was necessary to refresh his mind. But he had just closed his eyes when there was a mild itch in his throat, causing him to groan mentally, 'I even used the part about the Bolt of Transcendence. Instead of searching for Loot all across Sumatra, he's approaching me?'

Silent and stealthy, the Boar King closed the door he had created in the wall behind him and approached Inala. With a snap of his finger, a Prana Bomb layered the inner walls of the room, its shape altered through Mystic Bone Art, causing the Boar King to lose one Prana in the process.

He arrived before Inala and coughed once, "Ahem!"

'Here we go.' Inala felt his mind calm down from the previous turbulence, as if a switch was activated. He got up naturally at the sound, blinked in confusion to stare at the Boar King, and had his face collapse in shock two seconds later in realisation, "B-B-Boar King?"

"Argh!"

"Calm down, kid." The Boar King extended his index finger and touched Inala on the forehead, exerting a tinge of his presence to shut up the latter, "I came here to help you."

"W-What do you need?" Inala trembled like a leaf caught in the storm. This part didn't need any acting on his behalf as the fear was real. Moreover, he couldn't see it, but everyone in his stomach biome was in a state of fluster, bordering on hysteria to feel the Boar King's presence in such a closeup.

"Draw me Loot's appearance and I'll help you recover your Spirit Container." The Boar King smiled lightly, "You don't have a choice, alright?"

"So, get to work."

"Y-Yes," Inala said nervously and picked up a scroll, holding a brush before it but was unable to draw. His hands shivered like he was in the midst of an earthquake.

Upon seeing his condition, the Boar King walked away, "I'll come tomorrow so you can draw in peace in the meantime. But, if I catch you alerting the Cooter Clan, I'll kill you."

"O-Okay," Inala nodded and watched the Boar King create a door on the wall and leave after retracting the Prana Bomb layer in the room.

"He's…terrifying," He slumped to the floor, feeling all strength leave him. After inhaling and exhaling for a few minutes to gather his bearings, Inala got up and began to pain in earnest, his mind going into overdrive in the meantime, 'What abilities will he be using to help me?'

'If I can manage to steal some of his Prana and Lifeforce, I can create another batch of Empyrean Zinger Kings and Queens. With them, I'll be able to create more Quip Tribes and increase my ease of evolution.' He began plotting immediately, blinking in surprise a few minutes later, 'I forgot everything I kept mulling about before.'

"Ha…haha!" He laughed, 'So this is my nature.'

He was an individual with humanity, guilt, and all associated good qualities, but when push comes to shove, he could put everything aside and make a beeline towards his goal, unfaltering in his drive. 'I guess the only difference between me and Virala is that I consider humane options when it's possible. But he, on the other hand, takes the most moral-lacking choice from the get-go, without the slightest hesitation.'

"At least, I didn't stoop to his level. That's reassuring." He smiled wryly and continued to paint, thinking, 'Scratch my throat if the Boar King's within a hundred metres from me.'

There was no scratch as Inala increased the range to two hundred metres. He continued to increase until there was a scratch when the distance was around two kilometres, 'He's pretty far away.'

It took less than three hours before Inala finished drawing a realistic image of Loot. Staring at the picture, he grinned, for Loot looked just like Virala, "Wow, that's perfect."

He had the perfect opportunity to sabotage the individual he felt the most threatened by, on a level greater than even Resha. Of course, he would take it. Besides, based on the information Orakha had regarding Virala, the latter had abilities that allowed him to use different Natures.

Orakha didn't know the specifics, as accessing that data from the Transcendent Eater's mind wasn't possible. But just surface knowledge was enough. Therefore, blaming Virala was pretty realistic.

Everything would fall right into place the day the Boar King sees Virala. 'Oh, I'm getting excited about it already.'

'Alert me when the Boar King starts to return here, Gannala.' Inala thought and fell asleep, calling it a day.

To finish his evolution at the time of getting the Attribute, Inala had a necessity for a Bolt of Transcendence. Originally, he intended to make preparations for it on his own at the Brimgan Empire, taking Wittral's help.

But now, since the Boar King was here, he could use that to his advantage. 'Haha, that'll increase my odds of success tremendously.'

The Boar King was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that treaded on the paths of both the Pranic Beast and Free Humans. Therefore, as long as Inala emulates the Boar King's presence to be reaching the peak of either path, it would be considered as him trying to reach the Transcendence Stage.

A Bolt of Transcendence would be summoned immediately. Inala had the respective data already, from the time when the Boar King released through his Primary Nature, a presence of all the Empyrean Boars he had swallowed, fooling Sumatra into believing that he was attempting to break through to the Transcendence Stage.

Inala only had to repeat the same. The path was already laid out by the Boar King and the fuel to reach its end would also be provided by the same individual.

As long as Inala manages to fool the Boar King, he'll obtain all the necessary resources to succeed. There was a small possibility he could wrap the Boar King in a honey trap as he had done to Wittral, but Inala disliked courting death.

If the Boar King were to ever figure out Inala's true identity, the strongest existence in Sumatra would make it his primary mission to eliminate him. Inala didn't want that, 'Instead, I'll focus on making Loot, or rather, Virala his number one hated existence.'

If he were to ever lose the fight against the Boar King, Inala would switch to his female form and seek refuge. His goal at present would be to appeal to the Boar King and fully register in the latter's mind as a harmless, pitiful Free Human woman who only wished to paint and live the rest of her life.

'I have to prepare for all situations.' He thought, also thinking of ways in which he could create a solid background for Gannala and Asaeya as Free Humans. At present, it could be said that Inala's identity as Amita Brimgan was rock solid in the eyes of the Boar King.

He could always rely on this identity to avoid his focus in the future. Now, as long as he manages to do the same for both Gannala and Asaeya, his future will be less stressful, 'I'll keep thinking.'

Somewhere along the line, Inala fell deep asleep, mentally exhausted by the day's extremely stressful events. Once he gets up, a risky grind would begin, where he would have to take advantage of the Boar King.

Opportunity favours the resourceful gambler!



Chapter 344 Written Off

The morning the next day, a slightly hesitant Geugeu arrived at the entrance to the house where Inala and Wittral lived, his expression sporting a wry, almost helpless smile, one trying his best to conceal pity.

He knocked on the door, waiting for a few seconds before Inala opened, having just taken a shower, draping a loose bathrobe.

"Madam Taltal, you've arrived early today…" Inala stopped speaking, for a moment staring at the figure of Geugeu in shock before slamming the door reflexively.

Geugeu didn't seem to mind that and instead felt his mood improve a bit, muttering as he shook his head, "The innocence of youth."

A minute later, Inala opened the door, dressed in an indigo-coloured robe, having even gone to the extent of applying indigo mascara, mimicking the style of the Cooter Clan. Everything was the same except for the luscious hair growing on his head.

"Please come in, Chief." Inala bowed while standing at the side of the door to beckon his entry.

"You have learnt our Clan's customs well," Geugeu commented, slightly pleased as he entered the living room and took a seat.

"Madam Taltal has been teaching me a lot of things," Inala said and immediately began to brew some tea.

"Where's he?" Geugeu asked while waiting for the tea, for a moment surprised by the aroma, 'Her brewing skills are top-notch.'

"Wittral's still asleep." Inala said and walked towards a nearby room, intending to wake up the individual in question, "Give me a moment."

"It's fine, let him sleep. I can wait." Geugeu waved his hand casually, "It's not as if an old man like me has any work to do."

He felt guilty about what he had intended to ask of Wittral next. Hence, he decided to put it off for the time being and instead sipped tea while pondering. His eyes widened at the refreshing taste once he had a sip, commenting in response, "You are better than I had expected. Alas,"

He shook his head in regret, "Had you been born a Cooter Clansman, you would have obtained abilities that could put your skills to better use."

"I…can't do anything about that." Inala smiled wryly.

"How's life at the Cooter Clan?" Geugeu changed topics, his tone a tad more serious than before.

"It's fun," Inala smirked, stating genuinely, "My life isn't threatened, I'm not forced to fight, I can learn things and enjoy the sights daily. This is heaven when compared to my life from before."

"Is that so?" Geugeu nodded and stared at one of the medicine rooms, "How's the progress in your research?"

'Isn't Taltal reporting to you daily about that?' Inala thought but didn't show it on his face, instead speaking casually with a tinge of excitement, "We had two breakthroughs yesterday. Progress has been positive for now. I can't predict when we'll succeed, but it'll definitely happen in the future."

"Is Wittral treating you well?" Geugeu asked, placing full focus on Inala, unbeknownst to the latter.

"Yes," Inala nodded, aware of what Geugeu wanted to confirm here as he expressed subtle hints of shyness in response to the question, blushing slightly, "He's treating me well."

"That's good to hear." Geugeu nodded, 'As Taltal has confirmed, the two have feelings for each other. Well, Free Human women are better in this field, so it was just a matter of time. Anyway, whether the woman is a Free Human or a Cooter Clansman, their kid will definitely be part of our Cooter Clan. So, it isn't an issue.'

"You're here, Chief." Wittral woke up at the sounds of the conversation and walked into the living room, rubbing his groggy eyes to become sober. "Is something the matter?"

"Well…" Geugeu hesitated a bit before firming himself, sighing as he spoke, "It's…from your parents."

"Are they coming here?" Wittral asked in excitement. His parents weren't at the Dralh Sea. They lived on a water body far away. It took a month of travel even at their fastest, consuming a lot of resources in the process.

The Cooter Clan branch there was contacted when Wittral was kidnapped by the Boar King. They mobilised in response immediately but stopped their trip to the Dralh Sea when Wittral returned safe and sound.

And now, a message had arrived from that branch, from Wittral's parents. It had been a while since he last saw them and hence was excited.

"No, they aren't coming here." Geugeu sighed, "Instead, they passed on this message to me."

"What did they say?" Wittral asked, his eyes bright, curious, and anticipatory towards their message.

"Your mother is…" Geugeu felt as if a boulder was stuck in his throat, feeling difficulty in voicing the rest of the message. Upon seeing Wittral's bright expression, he felt pangs of pain in his chest, regretting this task that had been imposed upon him, mentally cursing Wittral's parents. In the end, he resolved himself and said, "Pregnant."

"What?" Wittral reacted in confusion, feeling as if his ears were playing tricks on him.

"Your mother is pregnant." Geugeu said, groaning in response, "I can't believe their stupidity when I received their message, but…"

"Are they…serious?" Wittral asked in a daze, in disbelief. The news of his mother being pregnant was earth-shattering to him for one reason, she had the Buoyant Disease. The case was the same for his father too.

Their union would birth an Empyrean Snapper. Since they had done that twenty-four years ago, Wittral was born. They succeeded because both were at the 10-Life Stage.

But just the first labour alone had taken a toll on both of them, for their essence was sucked out to create Wittral. The fact that his mother had become pregnant once again meant that even if she doesn't die this time, she'll become crippled for life.

"Why? Just why have they done this?" Wittral shouted in anger, "They haven't even recovered from the toll of birthing me. Their bodies are already fragile in the first place. Why are they taking such needless risks?"

"What the heck has our Clan been doing there? Why didn't they stop my parents from such foolishness?"

"It seems…they were all on board with it." Geugeu stared at Wittral, exhaling in disappointment, "The moment they heard the news of you losing your power, they despaired. This reckless plan was what they resorted to in such a state."

"Is me being crippled…that terrifying?" Wittral felt strength escape from his being as he slumped on the floor, powerless, staring at Geugeu blankly, "Why are you telling me this, Chief?"

Geugeu grunted, irritated by the situation he had been placed in, raising his voice to state, "They have demanded the three Minor Treasures that have been granted to you."

"Since you're powerless now, they're a waste in your possession. So, they'll be transferred to your sibling who will be born in a few months." Geugeu said in a flurry, trying his best to ignore Wittral emotionally scarred by his words, "Your parents intend to do everything in their power to birth another perfect Empyrean Snapper like you, irrespective of the resources consumed in the process. And once they succeed, they'll try to enter the Transcendence Stage, fail, and become Minor Treasures."

Wittral's parents would have exhausted their entirety by the time his sibling was born. Therefore, despite them being at the 10-Life Stage, it would be impossible to succeed in becoming a Transcendent. Therefore, they would instead focus on becoming a Minor Treasure.

The Cooter Clan branch there had already decided to impart the two Minor Treasures resultant from them to the newborn Empyrean Snapper. Wittral had three Minor Treasures and still ended up losing his powers.

So, they were paranoid and wanted to bestow five Minor Treasures to the newborn—after including Wittral's three Minor Treasures.

"I have already been written off as worthless, huh?" Wittral muttered, his voice devoid of life.



Chapter 345 Do You Want to Go on An Adventure?

"As the Cooter Clan Chief, I say this with assurance, "Geugeu said in all seriousness, "You haven't been written off as useless. You're still our number one priority…"

"No, it's alright," Wittral said as he stared at his two palms, in silence for a second before clenching his hands into a fist. Following that, his thumb and index fingers opened up before stabbing into his eyes, "I know my worth."

Plop!

Two eyeballs fell on the floor as blood gushed out of Wittral's empty eye sockets, with nerves dangling out. He had brutally ripped out his eyeballs, venting his anger and frustrations through them.

The Minor Treasure of Water Flow Sense and Minor Treasure of Wind Flow Sense were in each of the eyeballs.

Wittral then similarly pointed at his chest, for the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis was fused to his heart. But just as he was about to stab into his chest, Inala grabbed his hand, shrieking in fluster, "Wittral!"

"Stop it!" He truly was flustered, for Wittral's death would absolutely mess up his plans, down to the core. He then shot a glare at Geugeu, ignoring the latter's status to shout, "HELP HIM!"

"Medicine's on the third shelf of the fourth row!" At his shout, Geugeu raised an eyebrow but didn't admonish him. Instead, a stream of Prana exited him and condensed a cloud in the shape of a hand that opened the respective self and fished out a bunch of vials.

Inala grabbed them when the cloudy hand neared him, opened the first vial, and poured the contents into Wittral's mouth, applying pressure on the latter's neck to force him to swallow, "Don't resist! Fucking bastard! Are you insane?"

"Drink it!" He roared in anger and downed another vial in him. Following that, Inala used a soft cloth to clean the blood dripping out of his eye sockets, easing up the damaged tissues and nerves there, and also applied anaesthesia.

Wittral was bursting with adrenaline due to his heightened emotions, but that would soon fade away, causing phantom pains to kick in and make him wish he were dead instead. Inala didn't want Wittral to die. His evolution was riding on the latter. 'No way you're dying on my watch!'

'Gannala! Be ready to recover my Spirit Container in the worst-case scenario!' He thought aloud, feeling a mild itch in his throat in response, a signal that Gannala was ready to heed his order.

If Wittral's condition were to worsen, he would recover his power and infuse enough Lifeforce down Wittral's throat that it would be impossible for him to die.

"Why…why do you care if I die?" Huh? WHY?" Wittral roared as his cheeks trembled in relentless rage, feeling abandoned, "It's done! Everything's over! I'm a cripple! So, they have abandoned me!"

"It's as simple as that…"

"Shut the fuck up, you brat!" Inala shoved his hand into Wittral's mouth, preventing the latter from speaking. He continued to pour in a variety of medicines through the gap and cleaned his wounds from time to time, watching the eye socket muscles squirm in response.

The recovery was absolutely slow, since Wittral's body could no longer process Prana. Therefore, the medicines would have to boost his natural healing. And even after that, his eyes would never grow, unless he recovered Prana.

"Chief…" Inala muttered a minute later upon seeing Geugeu collect the two Minor Treasures, "Is this necessary?"

"I thought the Cooter Clan was rich enough to afford a few Minor Treasures."

"These two Minor Treasures are…" Geugeu shook his head, "The only one of their kind. And the ones that asked these back are part of the family whose ancestors sacrificed their lives to create. I might be the Cooter Clan Chief, but I can't dictate everything as I please."

"Especially when neither side has done any wrong."

"He won't survive if the third Minor Treasure is extracted." Inala spoke, enveloping Wittral's head in a tight hug, his gaze remaining focused on Geugeu, steady, "Is the Cooter Clan planning to kill their Deity?"

"Mind your words, brat." Geugeu snorted and exuded a tinge of his presence in anger, forcing Inala to the floor. But he immediately retracted it upon seeing Wittral too get affected by it, controlling himself.

He warned Inala, carefully pocketed the two Minor Treasures, and exited the house, "You're not a Cooter Clansman. So, stay within your limits if you know what's best for you."

"Wittral can keep the third Minor Treasure. I'll find something else for his sibling."

"Fucking old coot!" Inala cursed once Geugeu had gone away, expressing anger, "He's the third strongest on our continent but doesn't even have the balls to impose his will on his people."

"…Forget it, Amita." Wittral said, his voice emotionless, "At least he didn't ask for my life. It means my value has yet to plummet to the bottommost level possible."

"Forget about such nonsense. Let's focus on your recovery." Inala said and grunted, lifting him up before carrying him to the bedroom. "Get some rest. I'll nurse you back to full health."

"What's the use?" Wittral smiled wryly, "My Clan has already given up on me…"

Wittral stopped speaking upon feeling a stinging pain on his cheek. Inala had slapped him, hard, showing no mercy, stunning him, "Amita…?"

"I don't care if your fucking Clan gave up on you. I'm not a Cooter Clansman. And I won't give up on you, alright?" Inala shouted, "Do you need anything else, you bastard? Are you this weak, huh? Are all Empyrean Snappers such fragile fucks?"

"Is that it?"

"…" Wittral turned silent at the shouts, unable to argue. He then felt pangs of pain upon hearing sobbing sounds from the individual who had been shouting at him until now, "Are you…crying?"

"I'm not! Dumbass!" Inala raged. He was pretty emotional while in his female form. And at that moment, he truly cried, because Wittral came scarily close to destroying everything that Inala had planned.

One impulsive move was enough to almost destroy months of careful preparations, whether it was for Gannala's Tertiary Nature or his own evolution. It honestly was an enactment of the worst nightmare possible for Inala. Hence, he shed tears, realising that even the greatest of schemes would fall apart before an absolute dumbass.

'Fucker! I had a heart attack!' Inala shed tears profusely, unable to calm down in the slightest. Even now, seeing Wittral's empty eye sockets terrified him, making him paranoid that Wittral would suddenly drop dead, just like that.

That was Inala's thoughts. From Wittral's perspective, here she was, a Free Human that had known him for just five months, bawling her eyes out in concern over him, all while his own parents promptly gave up on him and decided to make another baby at the first sign of a problem.

'The Cooter Clan has become too big and lax. That's why our desperation is geared in the wrong direction. Reaching the Mystic Grade is all we want, ignoring all the issues that come with it. Instead of solving them head-on, we flee towards other modes of sacrifice.' Wittral gained a concrete understanding of the Cooter Clan as he stared in Inala's direction, grabbing the latter's hand to hold them dearly, 'In contrast, Amita cares shit about that. She just wants to paint and sightsee.'

'Yeah, maybe that is indeed a better future.' Wittral exhaled slowly as he felt his mind clear up, 'Since the Cooter Clan doesn't want me, I'll figure out a way to cure myself and leave this place with Amita immediately after.'

"Say…" He muttered, speaking a few seconds later, "Do you want to go on an adventure?"

"Adventure?" Inala's eyes lit up in excitement, wiping tears to nod repeatedly, "I do."

"I do! I do!"



Chapter 346 Roping In the Boar King

"Hahaha!" Wittral laughed cheerfully at the reply, 'I have a clearer sight of what I want after losing my two eyes. Indeed, life is a bundle of irony.'

Suddenly, he no longer felt any burden, for the Cooter Clan's fate no longer rested on his shoulder. That was something his sibling had to worry about, not him. Even if he were to disappear now, the Cooter Clan wouldn't suffer.

As for the resources he had consumed until now? Nothing could be done about that. Anyway, the Cooter Clan had a robust financial muscle. They could easily recover from this loss without any issues.

He didn't feel guilty, since it was the Clan that had abandoned him, not the other way. Until now, no matter how much he was governed by despair, Wittral had given his all to cure himself. Even if it takes a century or two to recover, it was a short timeframe considering his long lifespan.

He would easily become the strongest Empyrean Snapper once he takes on his Pranic Beast form and reaches maturity. That fact would never change. But at the slightest issue, his own parents deciding to rather have a second kid than hope for his recovery showed everything.

His parents didn't have long to live, since they reached the 10-Life Stage towards the rear end of their lifespan. So, neither did they have enough years to live nor did they trust Wittral enough to place their Clan's fate in his hand.

To date, Wittral had been living as the Cooter Clan had expected of him, doing everything to further his Clan's ambition. But if even that minimum level of trust couldn't be put on him when he was at his lowest, how could he trust them with the path to the Mystic Grade at his highest?

"Pack your belongings. We're leaving as soon as possible." Wittral got up, brimming with fighting spirit, "I'll give my everything to make the cure."

"Actually…" Inala muttered and thought, asking Gannala, 'Is there any trace of Prana on me left by the Boar King? Can he sense if I were to leak his existence? Scratch twice if there are no traces.'

Upon sensing two scratches, he sighed in relief. But he didn't remain careless. The Boar King might not be in range to hear him but there was a chance a Cooter Clansmen was spying from nearby. Hence, he leaned in close to Wittral and whispered in the latter's ear, tickling him in response.

"Don't be shocked and don't show any reaction, okay?" Inala asked, speaking upon seeing Wittral nod, "The sane Boar King entered my room yesterday. He wants to help us recover our strength to obtain clues regarding Loot. This is the best chance for us to recover our strength."

"You have a plan?" Wittral asked once he calmed down after digesting the information, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes," Inala nodded, grinning, "This is just my theory, but I feel that by using his powers, we can obtain the Primary Natures of each other as Secondary Natures."

"Oh?" Wittral was interested in the proposition, "Keep going."

Inala fully explained his hypothesis, basically revealing what he had already planned beforehand. Originally, he planned to refine the Boar King's Prana as he did for the Loot puppets, but after absorbing the signature of the original to make an accurate replica.

But now, after the Boar King expressed his help, Inala simply switched that with the original's Prana, thereby removing multiple steps from his progression path. Moreover, when this succeeds, he would be obtaining powers that he would have only obtained close to the Second Major Disaster or during the Second Major Disaster.

'This will boost my future progression to a terrifying pace.' Inala thought as he finished explaining everything that he wished to reveal to Wittral.

"It probably isn't just a theory." Wittral said, immediately thinking of a few areas to correct, "With these changes, your plan becomes realistic."

"The Boar King wants Loot's location. We just need to help him in regards to that once we recover our powers." Wittral said, his eyeless sockets seemingly focused on his target, "Since Loot messed up your life, we'll help the Boar King destroy that fucker."

"Wow, that was wonderfully presented." The Boar King entered their room and clapped slowly, expressing genuine appreciation. Wittral's words were music to his ears, causing him to take a minor liking to the latter.

He stared at Wittral and Inala to say, "What do you need in return? If it seems reasonable, I don't mind letting you benefit a little."

"It will take some time, anywhere from a few months to a year or two." Inala said, "Is that fine with you?"

"Explain what you need first." The Boar King shrugged casually.

"Okay," Inala made a list of what he had thought, noticing the Boar King break into laughter at the end.

"Absurd! I love it!" The Boar King expressed his praise while surprised internally, 'An extreme situation can indeed birth a Nature. Lacking any Prana is an extreme situation in itself. And in this state, Amita wishes to mutate their bodies and acclimate to the changes using my power, little by little.'

He took a second glance at Amita, 'This is one terrifying woman. She might not realise it, but her plan has a definite guarantee of success. And she's making use of my Natures way better than myself. I never even thought something like this was possible, but hearing her plan, even I'm getting excited.'

'I want to see where this goes.' The Boar King grinned and nodded, "Let's start right away."

"We'll be needing a large quantity of Spirit Containers from Cooter Clansmen at the Spirit Stage." Inala said and stared at Wittral, "Will the Clan accept your request?"

"They'll have to." Wittral said, his tone cold, "Otherwise, they'll seem like a heartless bunch that can abandon even their Deities. They'll lose their prestige among the Clansmen."

"I expected a fight." The Boar King shrugged and left, "I'll return at the same time tomorrow. Sitting still isn't my style."

Once he left, Inala and Wittral stared at each other, tremendously excited.

"Did we…"

"Yes…we did."

"We roped the Boar King into our plans."

"That we did."

That in itself was a tremendous achievement, the first in Sumatra. And it was done by two powerless individuals that took advantage of the situation at play.

"What happened to you?" Taltal screamed in fright upon noticing Wittral's condition once she arrived for the day's work, her gaze instinctively shooting toward Inala, "Did you harm him?"

"The Chief asked me to return my Minor Treasures," Wittral said, his tone calm, hiding his plans with the Boar King. He then pointed at his empty eye sockets, "This is the result of that."

"Did he lose his damn mind?" Taltal raged in response, "These old coots are freaking delirious!"

"My mother is pregnant. That's the reason." Wittral said, noticing Taltal go silent immediately after. She was smart and immediately understood that Wittral's replacement was already being made.

She then sighed and asked, "What will you do now, Wittral?"

"Just finish what I intended to do all along." Wittral said and took a moment to gather himself, "I need Spirit Containers from a bunch of people. We'll do the operation, so the people must be brought here in an unconscious state."

"How many do you need?" Taltal asked without an ounce of hesitation.

"Around two hundred Cooter Clansmen at the Spirit Stage, two thousand Free Humans, and eight thousand Free Humans that have practiced the Mystic Mist Art." He said, "And they all must have 100 Prana."

"I'm confident in recovering my power with that."

"Confident?" Taltal was surprised, "We barely had a minor breakthrough yesterday. Succeeding is impossible anytime soon. Wittral, what you're asking isn't a small stash of medicines but human resources we spent years nurturing. If you're intending to do something reckless because of the situation with your sibling…"

"No, I'm confident of success." Wittral said, his tone dropping immediately after, "Or has the Clan completely abandoned me?"

"There's not an issue with the Free Humans. That can be easily arranged." Taltal sighed, "It's just the two hundred Cooter Clansmen you asked. I'm not sure if you'll receive an approval for that."

"I returned them immediately when asked." Wittral pointed at his eyes, implying the two Minor Treasures, "And the resources I asked for are to recover my strength. If you don't wish to provide that, then fine."

Wittral raised his hands in surrender, "I'll remain a useless mortal for the rest of my two thousand years."



Chapter 347 Loot Was There, Watching You

"Chief, these are Wittral's demands." Taltal kneeled before Geugeu and presented forth a list, "He has expressed confidence in recovering his power through this."

Geugeu stared at the list and noticed a problematic line. But all he did was sigh and give an order, "Tally a list of the most useless Clansmen from our Clan. They might die useless deaths to the Phells anyway. Might as well use their lives for something worthwhile."

"I'll follow your orders." Taltal bowed in relief, 'There's hope for you, Witral.'

"I want you to keep track of Wittral's condition," Geugeu said suddenly.

"What…do you mean by that?" Taltal frowned, immediately able to predict a couple of answers to his sudden command. "Chief, please tell me you're joking."

"Is Wittral still a Deity?" Geugeu exhaled softly, speaking as he observed Taltal's expression become more and more twisted in response, "When he lost his Spirit Container, he was unable to become an Empyrean Snapper. I fear he'll never be able to become one in the future, even if he recovers his Spirit Container. To the Clan, he'll no longer be a perfect Deity but a crippled Deity."

"I only hope things don't become as I fear." Geugeu sighed, "If that happens, Wittral's life will become horrifying. He'll be used to birth strong Cooter Clansmen, a life of breeding no different from livestock."

"Chief…please, stop talking." Her face trembled as Taltal was unable to control her rage, "Are you hearing what you're saying?"

"This is Wittral we're talking about. He's the most respected individual in our Clan. And you think he'll be subjected to such a future?" She growled.

"You're young, Taltal." Geugeu shook his head, "So you don't know, neither does the younger generation."

His eyes turned cold as he spoke without an ounce of emotion, "The older generation is currently living in recluse. But they'll subject Wittral to such a life without hesitation. To them, an Empyrean Snapper isn't a sacred existence. They are either sons and daughters of Empyrean Snappers or parents to one."

"They think and live like Empyrean Snappers. Reaching the Mystic Grade is their obsession. And since Wittral failed to take on the beacon, he'll be used for all his worth to birth Cooter Clansmen on par with his Clansmen, those with the Buoyant Disease that could reach the 10-Life Stage and birth perfect Empyrean Snappers." He concluded, seeing Taltal tremble in response.

"A-Aren't we all one big family?" Taltal expressed her disbelief, "This isn't the Cooter Clan I know."

"You have no idea." Geugeu snorted, "The only difference between us and the Mammoth Clan is the fact that their mistake birthed the Boar King. On the other hand, we have always been careful, even while wiping out entire races for our benefit."

"Chief!" Taltal raised her voice when she felt the air around her turn still, stifling her in response. She stared at the figure of Geugeu, who for some reason resembled a ginormous mountain in her vision, unscalable, a peak existence with limitless strength.

"The Cooter Clan didn't grow this big by being gentle pariahs of peace." Geugeu stated coldly as he looked down on Taltal, "You'll go and give your everything to help Wittral. If he recovers his powers and becomes the old Wittral, then that's well and good. Our Clan will have two perfect Empyrean Snappers then."

"Otherwise, do what needs to be done." He said, "Since he's close with Amita, start with her. Drug her so that when they copulate, she absorbs as much of an Empyrean Snapper's essence from Wittral as possible and condenses them into the child she rears."

"The formula for the drug will be arriving in a month." He waved his hand, motioning for Taltal to leave, "Wittral's parents are sending all necessary data in regards to that."

"…Yes, Chief." Her vision was dull as Taltal got up, her figure wobbly as she walked out of the meeting room and descended the mountain covered by Spirit Pools.

"Gua?" The figure of a baby Wittral, extremely cute, cuddly in her possession. Taltal recalled the scene from her past, as she was there when he was born.

Wittral's sole relative other than his parents was his uncle, Zakzak. And back then, she was pursuing him with romantic interest. It didn't go well for her, but it was during those times when she took charge of nursing Wittral, for Nurnur wasn't helpful in that regard.

Seeing him as a baby, a motherly instinct enveloped her, causing her to pamper Wittral. And now, hearing the Cooter Clan Chief's words, disgust welled up in her. There was anger, fear, helplessness, and despair, 'Please Wittral, I was you to succeed. But if you were to fail, run away from this place.'

"Hic!" Tears streamed out of her eyes as Taltal cursed Wittral's sordid fate. 'We burdened him and kicked him down at his worst.'

Taltal cried for the next ten minutes. She then washed her face, reapplied her mascara, and entered Wittral's house, her expression deadpan, sporting a mildly gentle gaze as usual. She split her body into two and approached Inala and Wittral respectively.

"The Chief accepted your demands, Wittral." She said upon approaching Wittral, "You needn't worry too much."

"I'll give my everything to help you succeed."

"Thank you, Madam Taltal." Wittral expressed his gratitude, "This would have been impossible without you."

"You'll…succeed, right?" Taltal asked, paranoid, "You're confident for a reason, right?"

"Yes," Wittral nodded.

"I wanted to make sure," Taltal stared at a vial before her in a daze, "Because through my knowledge alone, I don't see any way this can work."

"It'll work. Please trust me." Wittral let out a pained smile, "Can you do that?"

"Of course," She gently patted him on the head, "I will trust your capability. You've always been good at every field you ever attempted."

The evening that day, once Taltal left, the Boar King arrived and received a scroll from Inala, opening it to see the image of Virala painted on it in detail, "This is Loot's actual appearance?"

"This is what he looked like when I first saw him." Inala said, "As to whether or not that's his actual appearance, I can't say for sure."

'This is a clue.' The Boar King frowned as he stared at the image, 'I've seen this bastard somewhere.'

He stared at Wittral, "Does your Clan have medicines that boost memory power?"

"We do, plenty of them in fact." Wittral asked, "If you have an idea of the memories you wish to recall, that'll be useful. If it's an event that happened in the past year, we can use a mildly potent medicine. If you want to recall an emotion on the same level as in the past when you first felt it, we have one for that too. The medicine's potency has to be increased the farther into your past it is."

"I want to recall the faces of the people I met in the past decade." The Boar King said.

"Oh, we have the medicine for that in our house itself." Wittral then stared at Inala, "He needs a decadal Face Recognition medicine. We have a few on the second shelf on the topmost row."

"On it," Inala set up a ladder, took out a vial of the medicine, and threw it to the Boar King.

The Boar King swallowed it and experienced its effects, feeling that he was able to recall the faces of everyone he glanced at in the past decade. As he went through his memories, he was stunned to see that when he was fighting against the Empyrean Tusks six plus years ago, watching him from far away with a weasel-like expression was the same individual from the portrait Inala had drawn.

'He was watching me from back then?' The Boar King became serious, feeling creeped out, 'Fucking bastard was getting a feel for my abilities. No wonder he's able to lure me to a place and escape on time. He has a full grasp on my movement capabilities.'



Chapter 348 Close to Genetic Success

'Of course, he would be hiding amongst the Mammoth Clan.' Boar King felt that he was an idiot, having never thought of such an obvious scenario, 'All Empyrean Tusks can sense my position through fear. So, the moment they react, he'll know where I am and could take action accordingly. He'll be the safest there.'

The Boar King had targeted the Mammoth Clan enough times in the past two millennia that he was aware of them being able to sense his position through fear. Nothing could be done to avoid that, since the cause of that was the twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Astral Chart.

Therefore, hiding among the Mammoth Clan was the safest for Loot. He could make plans without worries. And if the Boar King ever tried to approach him, he would know through the Empyrean Tusks' body language and could flee in advance.

It was very clever of him to take advantage of the Mammoth Clan, 'He probably has an ability that allows him to disguise himself as a Mammoth Clansman.'

It would be very easy for the current Loot as he had Inala's Spirit Container, possessing Prana signatures of many people, including three Mammoth Clansmen—Inala, Asaeya, and Gannala.

'Since this happened in the Dieng Canyon, he probably had taken advantage of the Zinger's power to appear as a Mammoth Clansman.' The Boar King thought.

The more he analysed, the deeper into this false tale he went. There were enough clues for him to believe this to be the truth.

It was the easiest to fool those with intelligence. After all, with minimum clues, they could form the entire picture. As long as Inala created a false narrative for the first few clues, the resultant picture created in the target's mind would be vastly different from the truth.

It was a psychological tactic, one that had worked wonders in the current scenario.

'I should spy on the Mammoth Clan next and find more clues.' The Boar King thought.

"Shall we start?" Inala asked as he took a vial and stared at the Free Human Spirit Container inside, one that had soaked up Wittral's blood. Similarly, in Wittral's possession was a vial with a Free Human Spirit Container that had soaked up Inala's blood.

These two Spirit Containers weren't a unified whole, but each was a cluster of a hundred Spirit Containers. The Cooter Clan didn't have the means to make them a unified whole, especially since the Free Humans—from whom they were extracted—didn't practice any cultivation technique.

"Go ahead." The Boar King seeped his Prana into the Spirit Containers after activating his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature. His Prana, filled with the power of the ability seeped into the Spirit Container and influenced it.

Gulp!

Both Inala and Wittral consumed their respective vials, feeling their stomachs turn hot in response. The effect of Voracious Nature caused their stomachs to rapidly digest and assimilate the contents of the Spirit Containers, after they had soaked up some genetic data of the blood they were immersed in.

This was only possible through Voracious Nature, since it was geared towards gluttony.

"Eek!" Inala felt his stomach rumble as he rushed towards the bathroom, experiencing diarrhoea. Wittral was in a similar state. Their bodies were rejecting the influences brought by the contents of the vials.

"Alright, see you tomorrow." The Boar King walked away and left the place, intending to roam the Dralh Sea further for some good Natures to store.

Inside Inala's stomach biome, Gannala stared at the large batch of Spirit Containers before her, smiling, "This is enough, Dad."

The latest batch wasn't as good in quality as those personally extracted by Inala. But they were enough, since Gannala was already close to success. They were only necessary for the final step of the process, especially the Spirit Containers of Cooter Clansmen at the Spirit Stage.

In at most two months, she would obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. Before he was everything she needed. Smiling, Gannala drank a vial of Influence Easing Elixir, which was what she primarily relied upon to suppress her base instincts as an Empyrean Tusk to transform her organs into biomes.

That was how she was able to live in Inala's stomach biome without causing any issues.

The next day, Inala and Wittral downed another vial with the Boar King's help, rushing to the bathroom as their bodies began to digest it. By the end of a month, the figures of both were thin, malnourished, a result of constant diarrhoea.

But steadily, the effects of the Boar King's Primary Nature of Voracious Nature were affecting their Prana-less bodies, influencing them to accept the genetic material of each other. Wittral's body offered less resistance to the Spirit Containers containing Inala's presence and similarly, Inala's body offered less resistance to Spirit Containers containing Wittral's presence.

The Free Human Spirit Containers were the purest of their kind, unblemished, uninfluenced. Therefore, when it was immersed in a vial of Inala's blood, it absorbed the characteristics present in Inala's blood.

As a result, it took traces of influences to become mildly similar to Inala's Spirit Container. And when Wittral swallowed it under the power of the Boar King, he became more accepting of Inala's Spirit Container, or rather the power forming in it.

As the days passed, the resistance offered by their bodies reduced as their affinity increased. Eventually, an entire nine months later, the offered resistance became zero.

Staring at his reflection in the mirror, Inala failed to recognise himself. He was barely skin and bones. Wittral too was in a similar state, but Inala's condition was way worse. The cause was his stomach biome. It had taken a toll on his body.

These days, he was always exhausted, lacking enough energy to even think. Constantly vomiting the moment he ate a morsel, unable to fall asleep for more than a few minutes at a stretch, a body that refused to cooperate, and leaking blood from his orifices.

"Cough! Cough!" Inala spat out a few drops of blood on the floor, not having the strength to even clean it.

"Do you have to push yourself to such an extent?" Taltal helped him drink a vial of medicine and took charge of the cleanup.

"Yes…" Inala nodded weakly, "It's necessary….to succeed."

Without Taltal's help and the medicines she provided, Inala and Wittral would have died long ago, due to how overtaxed their bodies were, under an extreme state of foreign influence that had skewed even their genetic material.

A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's Prana was on a level superior to all Elixirs, extremely potent in nature. Both of them were consuming that like water and hence had changed tremendously.

"Can you leave, Madam Taltal?" Inala asked weakly.

"No, the both of you don't have the strength necessary to take care of yourselves." Taltal refused adamantly, "I'll stay here."

"Please...I beg you." Wittral's voice resounded from the side, wheezing, "Just your presence alone might affect us and mess up what we're about to do."

"…Fine." Taltal relented in the end, staring at Wittral's skeletal figure with moist eyes, "All the best. I pray for your success."

"Thank you." Wittral nodded and smiled weakly, saying upon hearing familiar footsteps, "You're here, Sir Boar King."

"This is the final stretch. Hold on and let me witness the fruits of your struggles." The Boar King grinned in excitement as he placed Inala and Wittral beside each other and cut off their clothes. He activated a Centinger's Primary Nature and made a clear incision on the chests of both, "Persevere!"

a Prana Bomb layer covered the inner walls of the house, ensuring no traces would leak out as Prana burst out of the Boar King like a volcanic eruption and surged into the chests of the two. Immediately in response, he extracted their hearts.



Chapter 349 Mammoth Male x Cooter Female

Thump! Thump!

The hearts of both Inala and Wittral thumped as the Boar King held them in each of his hands. His Prana flowed into them, taking on a tangible form.

Astral Chart—Prana Shock X2!

Astral Chart—Bloody Affection!

Through the combined use of both, blood was being pumped through the arteries and veins, forming a solid network of Prana. The Boar King flicked his fingers once and severed all the connections leading to Inala's heart.

The Prana construct he created was now acting as Inala's temporary heart, responsible for the blood flow in his body. Once Inala's heart was successfully extracted, the Boar King performed the same for Wittral's heart.

After that, he swapped positions of the two hearts and caused Inala's heart to hover above Wittral's chest.

The tube of Prana bringing blood from a vein extended towards Inaka's heart and merged into it. With a snap of his finger, the Prana tube tugged itself and caused the vein to attach itself to the heart. Following that, the Prana tube vanished.

One after another, the arteries and veins in Wittral's chest cavity were connected to Inala's heart. For a moment, it struggled in the new environment, but since the bodies of both had already adapted to the presence—physical, chemical, hormonal, and bacterial—of each other, it adapted quickly.

The Boar King gently lowered Inala's heart into position in Wittral's chest.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

The Boar King poured a whooping 4000 Prana in a single sitting, causing it to congregate in the heart and suck in Wittral's essence through his blood.

Voracious Nature devoured Primary Natures. And here, to devour Wittral's Primary Nature, it harnessed all the resources in Wittral's body through his blood.

Under the Boar King's intense focus, the Prana condensed everything it had drawn over, including traces of the thousands of Spirit Containers that Wittral had digested under the influence of Voracious Nature.

Prana—1!

A Spirit Container formed in the heart, solidly rooting itself in position as Wittral's essence condensed in it, taking structure immediately after.

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Dominance!

His Primary Nature returned. But things didn't stop at that. Since the heart in him was Inala's heart, the power of the Boar King's Voracious Nature drew in all the traces of Inala's power that had been gathered to the heart over the months through the ingestion of Spirit Containers. And the result of it?

Secondary Nature—Royalty!

Inala's Primary Nature manifested as Wittral's Secondary Nature. A large volume of information seeped into his mind in response as Wittral fell unconscious, too exhausted for the time being. But since he now had one unit of Prana, his recovery was on the right track.

Though a paltry sum, the single unit of Prana would circulate through his body and mend his damage, allowing him to regain his strength eventually.

'I can feel a torrent of power gathering in his heart.' The Boar King observed, clearly able to feel the formation of a second Nature in Wittral. He closed the incision on Wittral's chest, allowing the latter to heal naturally after pouring the contents of a Prana Bomb into his mouth.

The Boar King had consumed many Zingers just to assist with this experiment and hence was able to create Prana Bombs as he pleased.

Now that Wittral's condition had stabilised without issues, the Boar King focused on Inala, repeating the same actions to fuse Wittral's heart into the latter.

Secondary Nature—Astral Chart!

The Boar King followed Inala's plea and also added in Prana influenced by his Secondary Nature, observing a spike in activity in the heart as a Spirit Container formed. His eyes glinted upon seeing changes different from Wittral, soon realising the cause.

'There was a Minor Treasure fused into Wittral's heart. Now, that has influenced Amita through my Astral Chart to grant the same power to her as a Tertiary Nature. This woman lucked out tremendously.' He smirked in realisation, 'No, she calculated this too. Only through my power can this be achieved.'

'Obtaining the power of a Minor Treasure as a Tertiary Nature, that's a first.' He smirked. But, what he didn't realise was that this was merely a cover.

The Prana containing the power of his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature worked on Inala in the same manner as it did for Wittral.

But the Prana containing the power of his Secondary Nature of Astral Chart acted differently. Yes, a portion of it acted on the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis to result in what the Boar King had observed.

But the majority of the Prana containing the power of Astral Chart was absorbed by Inala's Primary Nature of Royalty when it formed. Thanks to the effects of the extreme condition and the genetic changes brought about by Wittral and the Boar King's Prana, the Primary Nature of Royalty expanded.

Like a chick hatching from an egg, Royalty developed two arms, with each arm encompassing a gender.

Inala's original set of powers, coming under his state of being as a Mammoth Clansman were shifted to his male gender.

Basically, the powers of Prana Bomb, Internal Inertial Gravity, and Spatial Immune System were now exclusive to his male gender.

As the extreme state and the genetic influence happened as he was a female, all the recent changes were enacted on his female gender.

In his female form, Inala now wielded the following set of abilities, having taken on the state of being as a Cooter Clansman.

Primary Nature—Royalty (Life Bomb)!

Secondary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

Tertiary Nature—Tangible Psychokinesis!

Royalty was able stably maintain these two states all thanks to the effects of the most overpowered Mystic Grade Nature that existed on Sumatra—Astral Chart!

Now, Inala existed as two different individuals with distinct sets of powers in either gender. As a male, he was a Mammoth Clansman and employed Mystic Bone Art. As a female, he was a Cooter Clansman and employed Mystic Mist Art.

With this change in his Primary Nature of Royalty, Inala could now exist as two different people. As a male, he was unable to use the three Natures of his female form. Similarly, as a female, he was unable to use the three Natures of his male form.

This was indeed a restriction, but it didn't matter, as he now had greater versatility. Of course, it also meant he would have to endure greater issues brought about by influences from his two distinct sets of identities.

'Hopefully, I don't go mad in the tug of war between the influences from the two genders.' Inala thought as he absorbed the vast sea of information that surged in his mind from the newly birthed Secondary and Tertiary Natures of his female form.

"Your mind is pretty strong." The Boar King commented in surprise upon seeing Inala maintain consciousness.

"It is." Inala smiled weakly, feeling trouble in his stomach. He had long exceeded the limit to maintain the stomach biome. And now that his female form didn't have Internal Inertial Gravity, his three Natures were beginning to treat the stomach biome as an intruder.

It was just a matter of time before his body exploded as the two sides faced each other. If he had enough Prana, the stomach biome would have been destroyed.

But as he only had one unit of Prana, the stomach biome was able to resist the influences brought by his three Natures. 'I need to become a man soon. Otherwise, I'm screwed.'

"Can we leave tomorrow?" Inala asked, staring at the figure of Wittral to the side, "I'll help him recover his eyes tonight."

"Alright, but I'm keeping the both of you sealed in this house." The Boar King said, doubling down on the Prana Bomb layer by activating a second Nature of Prana Bomb. He also added a couple more security measures to be alerted if anything tried to break through and left the house, casually entering the Dralh Sea to begin his hunt.

He had expended most of his Prana. So, he needed to recover as much as possible in a day.

Right after the Boar King left, Inala took on his male form, relieved to see the unrest in his stomach stop. He stared at the nearby mirror, observing a face sporting a wide smile, the widest he had ever seen, 'Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Dominance.'

"I can safely claim to be one of the strong now."



Chapter 350 Gaja Enclave

The first mention of the Boar King in Sumatra Chronicles was at the Second Major Disaster's climax. When the Attribute revealed itself towards the end, it unleashed a pulse of Prana that radiated across Sumatra Continent in a frequency range that only Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and above could perceive.

The Boar King would feel it and rush to the scene. Of course, by then, Resha had already obtained the Attribute and returned to the Mammoth Clan. The Empyrean Tusk herd would hurriedly flee from the place fearing the Brimgan Empire's retaliation.

The Mammoth Clan loses around half their people during the Second Major Disaster, becoming severely weakened as a result. Hence, the Empyrean Tusk herd would flee the place long before the Boar King arrived there.

This was his first appearance in Sumatra Chronicles. The Boar King does nothing there other than to sense traces of the Attribute's existence and notice the Empyrean Tusk herd. He would only be at the 3-Life Stage.

Even though 44 Empyrean Tusks weren't enough to threaten his life, the appearance of the Attribute concerns him. As a result, the Boar King makes preparations for the final conflict against the Mammoth Clan.

He rises up in the Life Stage, increasing his cultivation and the number of bodies at his disposal. And finally, during the Fourth Major Disaster, the Boar King faces off against a beaten and battered Mammoth Clan, ending up annihilating them.

The main point to note here is the fact that if not for the Major Treasure of Attribute revealing itself, the Boar King would have remained content at the 3-Life Stage. That level of strength wasn't enough to destroy the Mammoth Clan being protected by the 2-Life Stage Resha armed with multiple Major Treasures.

Whether it be the Major Treasure of Attribute, Weapon, or Pet, they would unleash a pulse of Prana that could be felt across a significant region of Sumatra. The range of this pulse only increases progressively.

And when the Major Treasure of Seat of Transcendence appears, the pulse could be felt all across Sumatra Continent by every single existence that was alive and had Prana. Anyone and everyone would fight for it then.

The same events would transpire in this timeline too, since the Major Disasters were geared around the Major Treasures. And the moment the Major Treasure of Attribute appears, the Boar King would feel threatened and actively start growing his strength.

He would consume his secret stash of Empyrean Tusk bodies to rapidly grow in strength. Yes, there was such a place.

The amount of resources in an Empyrean Tusk's body is simply ginormous. Even the Boar King could spend years eating through them and still fail to finish. Therefore, when the Boar King hunted an Empyrean Tusk, he obviously made use of Internal Inertial Gravity.

In such cases, after he kills an Empyrean Tusk, he would swallow it whole and store it in his stomach biome. Following that, he would transport it to an Enclave meant exclusively to safekeep these corpses.

Gaja Enclave!

A drought-ridden land where barely anything grew. There was no food or water in this place while the temperature was freezing cold. The coldness meant the region could be used as a natural refrigerator.

There was a weak race that called this place their home, almost on the verge of extinction due to reckless infighting. There were barely a few of them when the Boar King decided to occupy this place.

In a matter of seconds, he caused the race to go extinct and made Gaja Enclave his personal refrigerator, vomiting out all the Empyrean Tusk contents from his stomach. The name, Gaja Enclave was given to the place by him.

Piles upon piles of resources, forming mountains appeared on the original flat lands of Gaja Enclave, rich with Empyrean Tusk Prana. The chillness maintained these Empyrean Tusk bodies in a pristine state.

Of course, due to the dense amount of Prana coursing through their bodies, though corpses, they would be maintained fresh until all the Prana was expended.

Over the centuries, as the number of resource mountains increased in the region, Parute Trees began to pop up in large numbers, influenced by the dense stream of Prana being emanated by the mountains.

From time to time, the Boar King would arrive to harvest and consume the Parute Fruits. When his belly became full, he would crush and dump the rest in a large lake where the Parute Fruits turned into a fluid on par with Elixir, refined by nature over time.

It was a secret paradise for his exclusive use, something he spent close to two millennia creating. In Sumatra Chronicles, the moment the Boar King intended to grow, he arrived at Gaja Enclave and consumed the stored resources.

As a result, he was able to optimally raise his cultivation at the fastest speed and quickly reach the peak. The Boar King camped at Gaja Enclave to cultivate. And the next time he faced the Mammoth Clan, he was untouchable.

Resha, armed with multiple Major Treasures, three powerful Natures, and a cultivation at the 2-Life Stage as an Empyrean Tusk, failed to scratch the Boar King.

Therefore, the only way to stop the Boar King from becoming overpowered beyond extreme was to prevent him from camping at Gaja Enclave.

Inala was aware that the Boar King intended to create his own Clan. That meant he would spend a lot of time and couldn't camp at Gaja Enclave like before. He would obviously find a wife to create the Clan.

And based on his character, there was a solid chance he would value her, which meant for the first time in history, the Boar King had a weakness. Inala didn't know who that woman was, but intended to find out in the future.

Finally, as long as the Boar King was too busy to head to the Gaja Enclave, he wouldn't be able to blitz through the Life Stage and build bodies like in Sumatra Chronicles. The existence of Loot would keep him running in circles throughout Sumatra Continent.

It was why Inala took the risk and lured in the Boar King twice, first in Sanrey Plains and second in the Dralh Sea. It was to make a pattern and trigger the Boar King into a cat-and-mouse chase, a game meant to waste his time.

Even the Boar King couldn't magically reach the 10-Life Stage in a short time. Therefore, the lower the amount of free time at his disposal, the weaker he would be in comparison to Sumatra Chronicles when the Fourth Major Disaster starts.

And until now, that plan was going decently well. Keeping his eyes open while in his male form, Inala pondered in silence, 'It has been more than six years since he died twice to the Mammoth Clan. But until now, he hasn't made any efforts to raise his strength. He's still at the peak of the Body Stage.'

'By the time the Major Treasure of Attribute appears and alerts him, there would be too much stuff on his plate that he doesn't have enough free time to go to the Gaja Enclave.' Inala concluded as he got up, groaning in response while approaching the shelf.

He took out a Low-Grade Elixir and consumed it, using Mystic Bone Art in full swing to heal his body. He was too weak to handle a Mid-Grade Elixir. Hence, he used a Low-Grade Elixir, that too one with a very weak potency, barely able to raise his Prana by twenty units.

As his Prana values increased and his body healed a bit, Inala treated himself to a feast, using most of the ingredients in the kitchen. Smelling the aroma, Wittral got up, finally having the mood to eat until he became fat.

"You're just in time." Inala transformed into a female for a second to speak before reverting to his male form. Wittral had yet to recover his sight, so it was fine. Besides, it didn't matter much if his male form got revealed.

The duo ate in silence, the atmosphere at the dining table was harmonious.



