Chapter 451 To the Capital

?451 To the Capital

As the Boar King mourned the death of his family, a hole parted open on the ground a couple hundred metres, stunning him. His head swerved in the direction spontaneously as he watched a group of people come up, moved upwards by a block of earth under Wittral's control.

There, hidden behind Wittral were the uninjured figures of Yarsha Zahara and his six children. The moment he noticed them, his figure flickered before pulling his wife and children into his embrace, "Thank…goodness!"

"You're all alive!"

"Yes, thanks to Wittral." Yarsha Zahara pointed at Wittral before whispering in concern, "But is it alright to come out now? What about your…"

"That's not a concern," The Boar King patted her cheek, "I'm simply grateful that everyone's alive."

He then hugged Wittral and patted the latter's back with a bit of force, "Thank you, my man! I'm grateful for your existence. You've done exceptionally well."

"It's Loot." Being thanked by the Boar King was supposed to be a monumental moment. But Wittral didn't mind that. Instead, he pointed towards Karuta Hill, "He unleashed an artillery strike infused with Internal Inertial Gravity from Karuta Hill. I almost failed to protect everyone now, as the spikes were too heavy to handle in my human form."

"A few hours ago, he barged into our study and accessed all the data stored there." Yarsha Zahara too chimed in.

"Loot…huh?" The Boar King nodded without a change in expression as he stared at Wittral, "Do you mind protecting my family for a bit longer?"

"I'll do it without hesitation." Wittral gritted his teeth, "Loot is a menace. Please kill him."

"I can only try." The Boar King said, for the first time a statement without confidence, "This body…isn't as strong as my usual body. I don't have any Natures in my Astral Chart too."

"Then, let me help." Wittral offered his assistance, "I can face him!"

"Loot was in that way, right?" The Boar King didn't give weight to Wittral's statement and instead began to run towards Karuta Hill.

Seeing his running figure, Wittral expressed his confusion, "Is this truly the Boar King? He's too different from the one I saw before. And also…"

He muttered in shock, "His strength is declining rapidly."

'It's a sacrificial body after all.' Yarsha Zahara thought as she grabbed a Life Bomb created by Amita Brimgan—one containing Prana resembling Virala's Prana signature. She unleashed fluctuations through it and began to detect Loot's presence, muttering, "Can you carry my kids and fight?"

"I'll be forced to divert part of my attention to them. Besides, they can be taken hostage." Wittral said.

"It'll be alright." Yarsha Zahara grabbed a few Satellites and Comets, "Just form attacks as I state. Leave the rest to me."

"Now, let's go." She said as a cloud formed nearby. She placed her kids on it and boarded it in the end, watching Wittral helm it. Upon seeing it accelerate quickly, she expressed interest, "Is this how the Cooter Clansmen travel?"

She peered down and watched the cloud skidding on the ground without generating any friction. If Wittral wanted, he could raise the cloud's altitude. It would be no different from flight as long as the cloud remained within 180 metres from the ground.

That would be within the range of his Subtle Terrain Domination where Wittral could exert psychokinesis on the ground to keep the cloud afloat and moving. It was his fastest manner of movement.

Most of the people in Fentan City were dead thanks to the Boar King's presence. As a result, Wittral could use his abilities freely. In this situation where people were mourning their dead families, they wouldn't have the presence of mind to see what he was doing.

The cloudy platform swerved through the streets once Wittral raised its altitude to eight metres, avoiding the corpses littered on the street. It moved past the marriages that had crashed into the walls and other obstacles and headed in the direction of the Northern Lakes.

In the meantime, skipping past the houses filled with corpses were Empyrean Zingers in their miniature forms. They were stealthy in their action, trying their best to avoid detection. Some of them trailed after the Boar King, some shadowed Yarsha Zahara's group.

Most of them were currently at the Northern Lakes adjacent to Fentan City, preparing something as they constantly shrieked to communicate with each other at frequencies only audible to them.

As things became chaotic, the group led by the Fentan City Lord arrived at the city, observing the state of things. Blood trailed on the roads, corpses were strewn all over the place. Even children weren't spared. And unfortunately, they formed the majority of the corpses.

"Huff…puff!" His breathing grew hot enough to form vapours as the Fentan City Lord was unable to control his anger. He wasn't alone though as everyone part of his group were the same.

Loot destroyed Karuta Hill, killing thousands that lived there. And then, the Boar King resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands. Fentan City was dead except for the elites and masters with Silver Grade Human Avatars.

"M-My son! MY SON! Arrghh!"

"Someone! Anyone! Save my wife! I beg you! Please!"

The shrieks of the survivors resounded in his ears as the Fentan City Lord wanted nothing more than to head to their rescue. But upon seeing the Boar King make a move, he was forced to react in response. "Goddammit! This is why I wanted to lure him outside and deal with him. See what happened now!"

The Fentan City Lord belonged to the faction that intended to lure the Boar King outside the Brimgan Empire and kill him. It was because the Boar King was too much of a threat, as evidenced by the deaths resulting from his presence alone.

He hadn't even activated a Nature but ended up wiping out a city.

He felt difficulty in controlling his anger but had no other choice but to exercise patience. If they were to fight here, even more people will die. 'I need to lure him away. Besides, without the Emperor, we don't stand a chance against him!'

Upon seeing that Yarsha Zahara was alive, he nodded towards other Royals, "At least it's not the worst-case scenario."

He then dispatched two Royals towards the group, "Guard them from afar. Ensure they aren't targeted by Loot again. And if possible, escort them out of the Empire."

"Yes," The two Royals saluted in response and used a Spirit Weapon in the form of a skateboard to travel quickly. Soon, they caught up to the cloudy platform and kept watch from two kilometres away. This was well within their range.

If viewed from the sky, one would notice the figure of Virala rapidly travelling across the Northern Lakes forty kilometres from Fentan City, heading in the direction of the Capital while chasing after a railway speeding through one of the Southern Veins.

He was seated in a boat of bone, unleashing rapid thrusts of air to propel forward. His boat was aerodynamically designed, capable of travelling stably at speeds close to eighty kilometres an hour without issues. And from time to time, it accelerated further, gradually getting closer to the railway that was speeding along the coastline.

Having latched onto the underside of the boat at some point in time was a Prana Bomb. And seated securely inside it was an Empyrean Zinger in miniature form.

Chasing after the boat while spread out were a group of Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms, gliding across the sky. A couple of them had landed on the railway and kept track of Virala's movements, guiding the rest in the vicinity.

Thirty kilometres away, closing in steadily was the figure of the Boar King in human form. He neither desired nor expressed the drive to catch Loot, for some reason keeping pace from afar. Had he taken on his Pranic Beast form, he would have reached Virala pretty soon. But for some reason, he didn't do so.

Chasing after him from five kilometres away, having just left Fentan City was the group lead by the Fentan City Lord. And a kilometre behind them was Yarsha Zahara's group, travelling on a cloudy platform.

Two Royals shadowed them while a group of Empyrean Zingers kept watch. Finally, observing everything from afar was a Pranic Beast that gradually took on a human form, sporting a foreign look.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

When Gannala activated it, the effect churned out of the Pranic Beast's Secondary Nature—that she had occupied in her Nature Weapon form. As a result, the effects of Cultivator caused the creature to assume a human form.

This was merely a one-time form—similar to Empyrean Tusks at birth that are in human form. When it wants, it could revert to its Pranic Beast form, but once it does so, it could never assume human form ever again, unless Gannala continued to occupy its Nature slot.

Now, as the Pranic Beast took on the form of a male youth, with appearance foreign to the Brimgan Empire, Gannala controlled his body by coursing the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in his body.

'Something's different with this Boar King. Had it been his usual self, he would have captured Virala by now. Even Yarsha Zahara is behaving strangely and hasn't done anything after surviving the artillery strike. Something is odd here.' Frowning in response, Gannala made the youth run across the water surface and chase after the group.

They were all making their way to the Capital.



Chapter 452 From Sky to Ground: The Serpent

﻿﻿452  From Sky to Ground: The Serpent

Staring at the streets filled with corpses was Orakha, his gaze dark. He then turned around and gazed at his employees, all on the floor, clutching their necks moments before their deaths. Nothing could be done to save them.

Orakha was unable to react in the slightest against the Boar King's presence that was dozens of times stronger than what it was supposed to be. He walked on the ground floor of his office space and kneeled before an employee, watching blood continue to spurt out.

The corpse was of someone that followed Orakha since the start of his journey at the Brimgan Empire. He was an ambitious individual that wished to change his fate and ensure his children would become stronger and one day build Silver Grade Human Avatars.

Now, he lay on the floor, snuffed out of his ambitions. Whatever he wanted to achieve before were all for naught now. After all, it wasn't just him that had died. His family too had followed suit. He was the strongest in his family. But even he only had Iron Grade strength.

As Orakha observed, he understood what had happened. 'Anyone without Silver Grade strength has died.'

He peered out of the office and stared at the deathly silent street littered with the corpses of people that had been going about lively with their usual lives. "Iron, Silver, Gold, irrespective of the strength they develop, they can never generate a presence that is strong enough to kill someone, even if the target is a baby."

"If…" He stared at the road and clenched his fist, "I had a child in this world, wouldn't it be a tragedy?"

The Boar King was at the Mystic Grade. Yarsha Zahara was well on route to reach it. The Mammoth Clan was in possession of seven Mystic Paths. In the likelihood of them all succeeding, that would create seven more Mystic Grade individuals.

"The world…will become too dangerous." He said in realisation. Nerves protruded on his neck as an inexplicable sense of anger amidst horror coursed through him. His eyes reddened as the blood vessels in them burst to his emotionally heightened state.

Everywhere he could see was littered by corpses. This wasn't even done by the activation of a powerful Nature. No, the cause was merely the Boar King's presence.

Irrespective of how strong he gets, the moment he has a family, he would have to constantly ensure their safety. Just having power wasn't sufficient. It was evident by how a Brimgan Royal's Spirit Container shattered when the Boar King focused his presence on him.

In Sumatra, losing the Spirit Container meant a death sentence. Being unable to use Prana could very well be the worst possible way to become a cripple. It's no different to clipping the wings of a bird. The despair associated with such a loss was unbearable.

Originally, Orakha never thought in such a direction. But now, as Inala constantly hammered in his mind the idea of starting a family with Maroppa, he would be lying if he hadn't considered it before.

His eyes glinted as he stared at the figure of the Boar King leave Fentan City and proceed in a certain direction, "Until the Gold Grade, there's a balance of power. even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts stay in their territory and never venture out. But the one that breaks this balance is him."

"He…must be rid of. Only then," Orakha glared in anger, "Only then can the people live in safety."

"I'm sorry, everyone." His voice trembled in sadness as he turned around and faced his dead comrades, "I promised you all a bright future but failed to keep up with the promise. Even your families are dead. I can never atone for this blunder. But,"

"All I can do is exact revenge."

A Mystic Eater jutted out of the ground as Orakha landed on it, watching it slither quickly and make a beeline towards the Boar King, 'Whatever your plans are, I don't care. Even if I die, it doesn't matter. I can revive as many times as I need.'

He left a checkpoint at his office and sped forth, thinking up a plan of attack as he joined the Fentan City Lord's group, approaching the latter to ask, "City Lord, will you stay mum about the deaths of everyone in our city?"

"How dare you speak to the City Lord in that manner?" A Royal glared at Orakha but shut up upon being glared by the latter.

"You're…that mining company owner." The Fentan City Lord expressed his shock upon sensing the terrifying presence emanating from Orakha.

"Will you? Or will you not?" Orakha asked, his tone anger-

infused.

"I wish to kill them both!" The Fentan City Lord expressed his frustration, "But fighting here will only rake up more casualties."

"That means we're on the same page." Orakha nodded and stared at the group of Royals, "Does anyone have a slingshot as a Spirit Weapon?"

"I have a catapult One of the Royals skated forth in response, his face reddened as he witnessed the sea of corpses, "But target Loot first. He destroyed Karuta Hill and caused such a mess. If not for him, we would have lured the Boar King outside the Empire."

"Alright, launch me." Orakha said as he noticed a purposeful glitter from the corner of his eye. He sent a Mystic Eater drilling into the ground to appear beside the glitter. It returned shortly after and coiled around his hip.

Through his Prana, he noticed an Empyrean Zinger now within the Mystic Eater's stomach. It had purposefully let itself be captured by him, intending to relay information regarding Virala to him. 'It seems Inala is keeping track of Virala from afar. Is he unable to take action? Is that fucker still weighing pros and cons of the situation?'

'Doesn't matter.' He snorted and observed the Empyrean Zinger condense a miniature Prana Bomb and turn it into a Bone Slip, infusing some information into it. He accessed it and gained a deeper understanding of the situation, 'So, Virala doesn't have the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel anymore. That makes it hard for him to escape.'

"I hope you have the means to land safely." The Royal said and brought out his Spirit Weapon—in the shape of a catapult—and placed it on the ground. Once Orakha landed on it, the Spirit Weapon flew high up into the air at tremendous speeds, reaching its maximum altitude a dozen seconds later.

Following that, it oriented its direction as the Royal pointed the catapult towards the boat being rowed by Virala. By calculating the trajectories and speed, the Royal made corrections and shouted as he activated the Spirit Weapon, "Brace yourself!"

"Hmph!" Orakha tied the Mystic Eater carrying the Empyrean Zinger around his hip and communicated with it through a Bone Slip as his figure was sent flying at breakneck speeds. As he sped forward, he activated his Human Avatar, transforming into a jet-black entity that seemed capable of devouring light.

"This is…pretty interesting." The Boar King slowed down his chase as he stared up and observed Orakha, "You're having fun up there."

"Fun?" Orakha hadn't heard the Boar King's remark but was able to make an educated guess upon seeing the latter's nonchalant expression. His expression twisted as he pointed at the latter and blasted forth with a Mystic Eater that was over two hundred metres in length. "Your death will be fun too."

The jet-black serpent approached the Boar King, only to explode like a bubble when the Boar King hurled a rock at supersonic speeds into it. Jet black droplets resembling ink rained down and littered the region.

But suddenly, as if iron filings being attracted by a magnet, the droplets rushed towards the Boar King and latched onto his body, following which large patches of his skin were burned off.

Human Avatar—Selectively Permeable Plasma!



Chapter 453 The Majestic Empyrean Tusk Kneels

?453 The Majestic Empyrean Tusk Kneels

"This is…heat?" The Boar King watched apathetically as his skin melted off. He observed more of the source of the heat—the jet-black ink—approach him as he jumped into the water nearby, noticing that the ink wasn't in the least affected by it.

The heat transmitted by the ink was targeted only at him, incapable of affecting the surroundings or anything else for the matter. It appeared as ink, but in truth was burning hot plasma.

Upon gaining his Primary Nature of Human Avatar that allowed him to build using a composite mixture of minerals, Orakha thought long and hard as he gathered various minerals and observed their intended effects.

In the end, he stuck to an extremely simple ability—heat transfer.

Whether it was on Earth or here, Orakha realised that the simplest aspect of nature was that things could burn when set on fire. It was said to be the element that led to humanity's evolution on Earth. And even on Sumatra, fire was ever present.

But as much as fire was strong, it was also the harbinger of disaster. A torch could result in a forest fire. The smoke was a pollutant, and the cause of friendly fire was way too high, especially since he was preparing to face the Boar King who was an agile opponent.

Even if he manages to set the Boar King on fire, with the latter's speed, he could snuff out oxygen supply to the fire, latch it onto the Empyrean Tusks to, enter the earth to transfer the heat enough to cool it down quickly, or use water.

The simplest was to simply ignore it and rely upon the regenerative capabilities of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast and even wear the flame as armour to counter others attacking him. If that happens, Orakha would only end up harming others.

While pondering in that direction, he arrived at a conclusion. Wouldn't everything be resolved as long as his attack became specific? Since he could build a composite Human Avatar, Orakha selective targeted minerals who combined to result in a plasma that was nuclear in nature.

The tremendous energy it gives off would be completely as heat. Best of all, this heat could only be perceived by the target. Meaning, to the eyes of anyone else, it would appear as a jet-

black ink. Even when they come into contact with it, they would only be able to feel its mass physically. They wouldn't be affected by it in the slightest.

The ink would transfer the heat being generated by it only to the target. It wasn't perfect yet as Orakha was still in search of more minerals to improve its function.

Currently, the jet-black ink would be warm to the touch for others, which it wasn't supposed to in its final product. It should also be attracted towards the target at a pace faster than what it could do currently and had many other issues.

But it was still good enough to be unleashed, which was why Orakha decided to finally reveal the abilities of his Human Avatar.

Strangely though, once affected by it, the Boar King simply observed his burning skin at a dazed state and stopped chasing after Virala.

'What the fuck is he on about now?' Orakha was perplexed by the Boar King's actions. In his mind, he thought of the varied ways in which the Boar King could have reacted to this situation. But never in a million years did he expect the Boar King to simply watch himself burn.

Orakha couldn't spend time pondering on the issue as he was launched towards Virala. His figure moved past the Boar King and continued to fall towards the location where Virala was supposed to be at a few seconds later.

[What is the Boar King planning? Why is he like this? What does Inala have to say about his condition?]

He had a lot of questions and posed them to the Empyrean Zinger in his custody. But in response, he only received a helpless answer.

[I don't know. We're still trying to find the reason ourselves. Inala told us to decide for ourselves based on the situation. That's why I revealed myself to you.]

"Tch!" Orakha clicked his tongue and focused on the boat that came in his view, observing that Virala had noticed him long ago.

Virala turned around, stared up, and waved in Orakha's direction, "After Inala, you're attacking me now?"

"Man, you guys must seriously be threatened by me." Letting out a laughter, Virala transformed into the Empyrean Tusk for a moment and unleashed a gust of air towards Orakha, commenting upon sending the latter flying away, "Go in the direction you came from."

"Seriously, this retard is smart but has impulsive tendencies. Didn't he learn anything from the First Minor Crisis?" Virala reverted to human form, condensed another boat and continued to chase after the railway, observing the distance between the two reduce in response, 'Two more kilometres. I'll catch up soon.'

As he thought, two golden flashes approached him. He unleashed an artillery strike once they were close enough, battering them out of his proximity. Using Mystic Bone Art, he mended the damage sustained by his bone boat and observed two Royals climb to the top of the railway and glare his way.

"You guys could evade before when you only needed to protect yourselves. But what about now?" Virala grinned and targeted the railway, preparing an artillery strike, "It's such a massive vehicle. Can you defend it fully?"

But right as he was about to launch it, Virala noticed a Prana Bomb had appeared on his boat at some point in time, sucking in air voraciously. A glance at it sent danger signals up his senses as Virala instantly became an Empyrean Tusk.

Prime Skill—Gravity Bomb!

The Prana Bomb was a Gravity Bomb that Virala had used in the Dralh Sea. It exploded with a bang, generating powerful shockwaves. But the shockwaves failed to reach Virala whose transformation into an Empyrean Tusk pushed away the pocket of air radially outward with enough force it easily broke through the sound barrier.

This transformed into a powerful shield that protected him against the series of Gravity Bombs that exploded in quick succession. And right as the explosions ended, leaping out of the tornado that resulted from the vanishing of the Empyrean Tusk figure was Virala in his human form—in Stage 2 form of Exoskeleton.

Transforming in and out of his Empyrean Tusk form alone generated enough power to block the attacks of all his foes, which was why Virala was damn proud about being able to become one.

He noticed the dozens of Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms tailing him from afar, with most of them thwarted by the tornado he had unleashed. 'They won't be able to target me for the time being.'

Without feeling any stress, Virala unleashed an artillery strike at the railway, bombarding it until it derailed. It was too big of a target for the three Royals on board it to defend properly. The Spirit Weapons of everyone else were just too weak against a Gold Grade Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery.

"Argh!"

"No!"

Explosions resounded amidst screams of the passengers whose bodies began to melt as they were sent flying across the place with the debris of the railway. Things became messy as more than a hundred passengers died instantly, with many more tethering toward it.

The Royal carried the two counterfeit Nature Weapons was sent away on a Spirit Weapon while the remaining two Royals intended to buy time for his escape.

"Don't even think about it." Virala roared and assumed Empyrean Tusk form. He pointed his trunk towards the escaping Royal and unleashing a powerful suction force, stopping the latter in his track. Everything in the surroundings was sucked into the truck and mashed into paste instantly through Internal Inertial Gravity.

"Ahhh, what a horrifying sight." Suddenly, a voice resounded as Virala felt the Prana circulating through his body turn still in response. At some point in time, a figure had appeared atop his head, holding the two counterfeit Nature Weapons. "The last time an Empyrean Tusk had appeared in my Empire was in the previous era. But that was as a guest."

"And not as an infiltrator like this."

He stretched his body and took seat upon a golden throne that appeared behind him. The moment his figure sat on it, Virala grunted as his Empyrean Tusk form experienced unbearable strain, as if a massive mountain had slammed into him.

The force sent his Empyrean Tusk form kneeling, causing a quake as its knees slammed into the ground.



Chapter 454  Virala Surrenders

﻿﻿454  Virala Surrenders

'Who the fuck is it now?' Virala frowned, irritated upon missing the two Nature Weapons moments before he was about to gain possession of them. But he felt pressured when his Empyrean Tusk form was sent kneeling on the ground.

His mind whirred as he observed the visible sign of relief on the faces of the three Royals that lay amidst the debris from the railway, 'There's only one existence here that can make them feel this way.'

'Shit! I was too late!' Virala cursed in response but promptly calmed down, thinking of the worst-case scenario. 'Since it's impossible to escape, I should make preparations for my revival and protect what I need.'

He coiled his trunk before his mouth, using it as a cover for his moustache that sprouted and travelled into his stomach biome and coiled around the Nature Weapon of Refiner. Once it was brought out, he swapped it with his Nature Weapon of Artillery.

The Nature Weapon of Refinery was his most important treasure, for with it, he could upgrade the Nature Weapons to the Mystic Grade. So, he prioritised on protecting it. Secondly, the Nature Weapon of Tusk was a necessity, for without it, he couldn't use his Empyrean Tusk form.

His Empyrean Tusk form would crumble under its weight without Internal Inertial Gravity. Therefore, as there was a possibility of his capture, Virala equipped himself with the Nature Weapons of Tusk and Refiner.

This way, when Blola revives him, he'll be revived while equipped with the two Nature Weapons. He had already confirmed the possibility with Blola, so it wasn't an issue. When the need arises, his body at the Mammoth Clan could die, following which his current body—that was at the peak of the Body Stage—would be revived.

This way, not only would he retain most of his strength, but also protect two of his most valuable Nature Weapons.

But when revived, he'll only retain the two Nature Weapons that he had equipped. All the other Natures Weapons in his stomach biome would remain in his corpse and spill out once his biomes explode.

All the resources in his biomes would also erupt out in the region. It would be a catastrophic loss, but there was nothing he could do. He was arrogant, but wasn't a careless individual. And since things went against his plans, he could only adapt to make the most of the situation and ensure he doesn't get royally screwed.

The moustache vanished once he swapped his Nature Weapons. To avoid being pressed down on the ground, Virala reverted to his human form, watching a tornado form in response once again.

But he didn't use it to escape and instead turned around to stare at the individual that coiled a spring around his legs and used it to perfectly cushion his landing. "You must be the Brimgan Emperor."

"Seems I'm famous in the Mammoth Clan too." The Brimgan Emperor, Brandal Brimgan said as he observed the tornado, "I rushed here immediately after receiving a message, but you've done a lot of damage in that short timeframe."

"The Boar King killed ten times the number of people I killed." Virala said as his expression was calm, accepting death.

"Did I?" A calm voice resounded as an entryway appeared in the tornado. The Boar King sauntered in and watched the entryway close up, observing that the wind pressure in the region had achieved suitable conditions to maintain the tornado for a few minutes.

'It seems this location has an atmospheric depression. So, this tornado wouldn't dissipate for the time being unless a bunch of Royals target it. But anyway,' Virala alternated gazes between the Boar King and the Brimgan Emperor, "That's one damn lineup."

"Have you sucked the Mammoth Clan of enough benefits that you're planning to frame them now?" The Boar King spoke as he observed Virala.

"He's not a Mammoth Clansman?" The Brimgan Emperor pointed at Virala, pleasantly surprised, "He's clearly emitting the presence of one though."

"Aha, there exists someone that managed to evade the Boar King's capture? The world is big indeed." The Brimgan Emperor's eyes glistened in excitement as he stared at the Boar King like a kid would at candy, "Can we fight after this?"

"You're not concerned about dying?" The Boar King raised an eyebrow.

"Not really." The Brimgan Emperor grinned, "My Empress can manage my Empire's affairs until my son takes my place. So, it's not an issue."

"Well, as you have probably sensed, this body won't be your match." The Boar King expressed casually, "It's a disposable body I stashed to the side for an experiment. So, it doesn't even have a tenth of the power my bodies usually possess."

'Experiment? What's he planning now? The Boar King never did something like that in Sumatra Chronicles. He didn't even explore the limits of his abilities. Well, he never had the need to, as even Resha failed to scratch him in the end.' Virala thought as he rapidly processed the conversation, not budging from the spot.

Since he was already prepared to die, he intended to gain in terms of information instead. The Boar King before him wasn't like the usual one in terms of strength, character, and disposition. The fact that he hadn't expressed an ounce of hatred upon seeing Virala's Empyrean Tusk form multiple times was testament enough.

The Brimgan Emperor seemed confident of subduing Virala. And hence, he hadn't taken action either. Since both of them behaved as such, Virala could treat this as a casual conversation instead. They didn't know he could revive.

So, it was for the best to use this opportunity to learn as much as possible and commit suicide after that, 'It's a pity I'll lose my Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache. I must at least make up for it somehow.'

'It was probably Inala's scheme that created such a butterfly effect. Since Yarsha Zahara is his wife, his thought process must be getting influenced by her. It's why the Boar King is fucking experimenting.' Virala sighed mentally, 'This version of Boar King would be way stronger than the one from Sumatra Chronicles. He'll also have an army of Empyrean Boars under him.'

'Well, it wouldn't be fun otherwise.' He acted like a statue and observed the conversing duo.

"That's a pity." Brandal Brimgan sighed, "I wanted to have a death match against you."

He then stared at Virala, "I had high hopes upon hearing the report about your strength, Loot. But you've been a disappointment."

"Do you want to kill me now?" Virala extended his hand casually.

"What's the use in that? It's extremely clear that you have another body out somewhere." Brandal Brimgan shrugged casually, "I'll probably interrogate you to learn more about your abilities."

"Go ahead," Virala casually took a seat, not offering any resistance. He then stared at the Boar King, "What about you, Brangara?"

"I'll pass." The Boar King waved his hand and walked away, "Since my family is alive, I have no reason to kill you. Besides,"

The Boar King's vision turned monochromatic as he observed Virala's repressed pressure, sensing the figures of four Mammoths swirling around a cluster that was emanating a familiar presence, 'I'm curious to see the development of whatever is happening in you. Seems you're ignorant about it. And this process is giving me endless inspiration.'

'It was the right move to start a family with Yarsha.' The Boar King whistled as he passed through the walls of the tornado, "I'm merely a discarded body of the Boar King."

"I can't represent the actual individual."



Chapter 455 Earning Brandal Brimgan’s Ire

?455 Earning Brandal Brimgan’s Ire

"Grr!" The Fentan City Lord gritted his teeth in rage once he arrived at the scene and stared at the figure of the Boar King exiting the tornado.

He propped up a chakram, intending to kill the Boar King when an Information Slip made out of Rutham flew towards him from the tornado, sent by the Brimgan Emperor.

[Stay down!]

That was the command from the Brimgan Emperor. Hence, the Fentan City Lord could only glare in frustration as the Boar King coolly walked off. He tried his best to calm down and think logically, 'His Majesty must have a plan.'

"Shall we return home?" Yarsha Zahara asked once she met up with the Boar King.

"Yeah," The Boar King nodded in response, sporting a subtle smile. He stared at Wittral and nodded in response, "Thank you for your assistance."

"My other body will come to thank you personally later."

"Alright," Wittral walked away from their group upon seeing the stares from the Brimgan Royals that began to investigate about him, 'I have revealed too much about myself this time.'

He wanted to have a peaceful life here. But it seems that will change as the Brimgan Royals will target him, for he displayed Gold Grade strength despite not being a Brimgan Royal. Thankfully, his presence was that of a Free Human. So they didn't link him to an Empyrean Snapper yet.

'But they'll be trying everything in their disposal to gain information regarding my supposed Human Avatar and cultivation technique.' Wittral felt a headache, 'Had I avoided meeting Yarsha Zahara, I wouldn't be in such a mess now.'

'But still,' He observed the tornado, 'At least, the body of Loot present in the Brimgan Empire has been captured. So, that's one less issue to worry about.'

'I should meet up with Amita and tell her about everything that has happened. She'll probably be able to think of a solution to avoid the schemes of the Royals.' Wittral thought and began to walk towards the closest railway station, 'Besides, she's not the adopted daughter of Farloon Brimgan. So I can take advantage of that to avoid future headaches.'

Within the tornado, Brandal Brimgan stared at Virala and asked, "Do you want to fight?"

"No, I refuse." Virala shook his head.

"Sad," Brandal Brimgan sighed as he snapped his finger and slammed a beam of Prana into Virala. It dug into his chest and seeped into his heart before solidifying into a cage around his Spirit Container.

'Hmm, my abilities have been suppressed?' Virala was stunned as he observed that Prana no longer flowed out of his Spirit Container. The trace Prana present in his blood was absorbed by his Spirit Container when it flowed into his heart.

But Prana was no longer present in the blood pumped out by his heart. Moreover, when his stomach biome generated Prana, the same process happened. 'It seems I can no longer transform into an Empyrean Tusk unless this cage on my Spirit Container vanishes.'

"You have plenty of biomes in you." Brandal Brimgan expressed curiosity, "How are you able to transform into an Empyrean Tusk and revert into a human like this? Last I know, a Mammoth Clansman can only transform into Pranic Beasts whose egg they fuse with at the Body Stage. Can one become an Empyrean Tusk in that manner too?"

"I'm not saying anything." Virala shook his head before asking, "Though, we can trade information."

"Hmm…" Brandal Brimgan didn't say anything as he unleashed Prana, lifting Virala through psychokinesis. The cage he had created around Virala's Spirit Container doubled down as a Spirit Weapon, allowing him to control Virala's body through it.

Moreover, as he seeped more Prana into the cage, the cage expanded to seep into Virala's stomach biomes too, as suddenly, he spat out a Nature Weapon.

"I can sense the power of a Nature in this orb. It confirms the report." He said, thinking upon seeing Virala not resisting in the slightest, 'It seems he has already prepared mentally to lose them all. What's a terrifying individual.'

The tornado collapsed as Brandal Brimgan observed the Royals scurry towards him, glaring in hatred towards Virala, "We'll make a decision in the palace."

He stared at the Fentan City Lord and a few other Royals with the authority to participate in the debate, nodding at them to follow him, "As for the rest, return to your homes and take care of the damage we sustained."

"Your Majesty, most the people from Fentan City as dead." The Fentan City Lord grunted in frustration, "What should I do? Are we going to see the Boar King go free without facing the consequences of his actions?"

"What's the use in killing him?" Brandal Brimgan said, stunning the group of Royals, "The culprit is merely a discarded body."

"But he's the cause." The Fentan City Lord argued. "It doesn't matter whether he's a discarded body or not. He's directly responsible for the mass slaughter."

"You're right, but will the pain of the people from Fentan City be cured with his death?" Brandal Brimgan asked as his expression hardened, "Will they be satisfied once we kill his body?"

"Then what should we do?" The Fentan City Lord shouted, "Do we allow him to do as he pleases?"

"The Boar King will die!" Brandal Brimgan announced, unleashing a sea of Prana that shut up everyone, releasing enough pressure to cause their bodies to tremble.

'What the fuck?' Virala trembled in fright upon feeling a familiar sensation from Brandal Brimgan, 'One, two, three…fuck! Eight?'

He counted the presence of eight Minor Treasures from Brandal Brimgan. And that didn't seem to be all, signalling that he was an absurd monster that couldn't be underestimated. 'Right, the Brimgan Empire has existed for countless eras. They must have collected a lot of Minor Treasures.'

He then understood how he had been suppressed, unable to use his Prana or transform into an Empyrean Tusk, 'It's an ability unleashed through the combination of multiple Minor Treasures.'

Basically, it was impossible for him to break free from the cage on his Spirit Weapon, as its functionality went beyond the existing power system. Unless he were to venture into something beyond the power system, he would stay a helpless prisoner, unable to break free from Brandal Brimgan.

'Maybe even if I were to kill myself, I might not be able to break free from its influence.' He thought, 'There's a chance I'll be revived with the cage on my Spirit Container even when Blola revives me.'

But he had no thought to kill himself. Rather, Virala had other plans, 'I'm curious to see what they plan to do with me. I'll wait for an opportunity to gain their knowledge regarding the usage of Minor Treasures.'

Having accumulated enough Minor Treasures, the Brimgan Empire had experimented upon their usage and made combinations of Minor Treasures that combined resulted in powerful effects on par with Natures.

The cage on his Spirit Container was one such ability. Virala was interested to know more about that. 'This can be the breakthrough I need to succeed.'

"The Boar King will die. I guarantee it." Brandal Brimgan iterated once again, "Not just the body living here, but all his bodies, including his family. But first, we need to make preparations to kill him."

He created a carriage and drove it, speaking once the Royals accompanying him to the palace boarded it, "I'll establish a task force with Royals geared to counter him. As for his family…"

He extended his hand and slapped the back of Virala's head, "He'll be useful for that."



Chapter 456  Orakha Admits Defeat

﻿﻿456  Orakha Admits Defeat

'Is this really how it ends?' Gannala frowned as she accessed the information in a Bone Slip delivered by an Empyrean Zinger. 'The Boar King didn't do anything until the end.'

'Virala has been captured by the Brimgan Emperor. I'm not sure what he's planning. But it's not possible to observe what he has up his sleeves anymore.' She then relayed Inala's thoughts to the Empyrean Zinger before her, "Spy on the Boar King. His actions make no sense. I fear he's planning something dangerous."

Gannala released a few hundred more Empyrean Zingers to aid in the operation, ensuring that with such numbers, at least a few would remain alive until Inala's return to the Brimgan Empire.

Following that, she began to make her exit, leaving the Brimgan Empire by making a tunnel through the Lotus Range at the same spot as her entry. She closed the tunnel upon exiting it and headed into the wilds.

Soon, she entered a forest and relied upon Inala's instructions to capture an Enran. Following that, she extracted the Nature Weapon of Tunnel from the body she was inhabiting, stored the Nature Weapon in her stomach biome, and killed the body.

Then, she entered the Enran's body and equipped herself to its Tertiary Nature slot. As she unleashed her influence, the Enran struggled as its mind was gradually overridden by Gannala.

The process concluded after a week as the Enran's mind was fully moulded into Gannala's, allowing her to control the body without issues. After all, the influence was perfect now. Meaning, the moment Gannala has a thought, the influence would make the body perform the necessary action in real time. There wouldn't be any delays.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

The Enran's body morphed into a human, wore a set of clothes, and began to travel through the wilds, equipping a bunch of Satellites and Comets as Spirit Weapons. Moreover, unlike the Satellites and Comets created by regular Enrans, the ones carried by Gannala were infused with Internal Inertial Gravity, making them dozens of times more potent.

Moreover, with Silver Grade strength, the Enran's body had sufficient Prana to take action in a fight without much issues. Its Spirit Container was also robust enough for Gannala to supply Prana into. It was why she picked the Enran.

It was the perfect creature to travel the wilds with. Its Satellites would consciously protect the body from sneak attacks. It was the same as having multiple creatures protecting her. Satellites were economical too.

Moreover, with the Prana generation capabilities of an Empyrean Tusk, having a few dozen Satellites and maintaining their expenditure was extremely simple. For any unforeseen situation, the Comets will come in handy.

Best of all, the Enran was only a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Hence, even if it barges into a Pranic Beast territory, the retaliation wouldn't be as severe as in the case of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's intrusion.

Once she obtained the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, Gannala's plans began to change. Instead of fighting on her own, she could now assume Nature Weapon form and equip herself onto the Nature Slot of someone else.

That way, the target would be able to employ their original Natures, plus her Natures, becoming an absolute powerhouse.

Thereby, the direction of her growth would be to equip herself onto a target and work on influencing and controlling the target with enough speed and efficiency to be effective in a battle against the Boar King, her ultimate goal.

In the future, Gannala intended to equip herself into the Tertiary Nature slots of powerful Mutated Gold Grade Pranic Beasts such as the Millingers. Once she progresses through the Life Stage, Gannala will be able to control more such Pranic Beasts and become an army of powerhouses on her own.

Hence, she planned to gain as much experience as possible. In the original plan, Gannala was supposed to stay in the Brimgan Empire and develop herself as a regular citizen by going to an Academy, studying, and having a social life.

Even after she gained the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, that plan remained unchanged. But when Virala struck at the Karuta Hill, even though Inala was careful, a lot of mess had happened.

Moreover, Virala had encountered Gannala and Asaeya before. As long as he thinks a bit, he will be able to analyse the entire picture. With his smarts, that was guaranteed. And to prevent being influenced by Gannala, he was bound to make plans for her death.

As long as he reveals anything to the Boar King, Gannala's life will be in danger. It was unknown as to what extent the identity of Loot could veil everything and prevent the Boar King from knowing the truth.

Hence, since there was a considerable risk, Gannala was better off leaving the Brimgan Empire. As long as she hides in a Nature slot, it wouldn't be possible for the Boar King to detect her, especially since he had no idea about Gannala's Prana signature.

Gannala's Prana signature was different from the Supreme Tusk Gannala. So, that was a saving grace.

'Dad, even though it might seem like my thoughts, they are all yours. I'm merely reading your thoughts and making it seem as if they are mine, since I'm allowing them to influence my thought process.' Gannala thought, impressed by the way Inala's mind worked.

Seated in her stomach biome, Inala began to process the current events alongside the arsenal of information at his disposal, making plans accordingly. Even though Gannala had a mind vastly more robust than Inala, she couldn't analyse the full picture as clearly as him.

Her mind was like a car whereas Inala's was like a bicycle. But the difference stemmed from the fact that Inala knew how to ride his cycle at its fastest while Gannala's car moved at a snail's pace, even though it was capable of a lot more.

'Dad can harness the full extent of his capabilities.' Gannala thought in awe as she began to head farther away from the Brimgan Empire, travelling through a route that would lead her to the Dieng Canyon.

From the Dieng Canyon to the Sanrey Plains, and then the Dralh Sea. Finally, she would return to the Brimgan Empire a year before the Second Major Disaster. That was the travel plan. And by the end of these nine years, Inala's preparations would be complete, though the important details of it were hidden from her.

"Hah…!" Orakha floated on the water of a Northern Lake and stared at the sky in a daze, "I'm a retard."

Before he could attack Virala, the latter blew him away casually. The instantaneous response by Virala easily surpassed his plans, making him gloomy, 'Even though I'm strong, I have only been fighting strong Pranic Beasts. I haven't faced anyone as cunning as Virala, that's why I failed to accomplish shit.'

'The same thing happened with Inala at the Guna Caves.' He sighed. The careful plans he had weaved were instantly destroyed by Inala in a matter of seconds. Not only were his plans foiled, but Inala created an opening for Gannala to touch him and access all his memories.

Armed with all of Orakha's memories, Inala was able to play him like a fiddle. Similarly, in today's situation, even though Orakha had a solid plan, Virala was able to instantly think of a counter and remove him from the stage.

'How am I supposed to bridge this gap?' Orakha thought in frustration, 'If things proceed in this fashion, all the Major Treasures would be split between Inala and Virala. These two are just built different.'

"I need to pick up the slack." Gritting his teeth, Orakha got up and stared at the figure of Wittral walking along the shore farther away, 'He is the same Wittral from Sumatra Chronicles. Until now, I have been a frequent customer at his tea house, but despite that, I failed to recognise him. No, I glossed over the possibility just because he's grown hair and a moustache.'

"I'm lacking in many areas." He sighed and got up, returning to Fentan City with slumped shoulders, "I need to become more cunning."



Chapter 457 Virala Gets Tortured

﻿﻿457  Virala Gets Tortured

"Grahhh!" Virala screamed in pain as molten metal dripped onto his toes, causing them to burn in response. The pain was unbearable as his body instinctively tried to gather more Prana into the region to heal it.

His Spirit Container had been sealed, but he still had his biomes that were able to generate Prana for a while. There was a dense layer of Spirit Moss growing in his biomes, something he had been working on for a while now.

This Spirit Moss consumed the nutrients in the soil and grew rapidly. During the three years that Blola was trapped in the stomach biome, Virala used the latter's Parute Fruits to grow the Spirit Moss to a greater extent.

And now, when necessary, his stomach biome digested a portion of the Spirit Moss to generate Prana. This, alongside the trees growing in his stomach biome, was what maintained the functionality of the place.

Using Blola, Virala turned the place self-sufficient. But a glance at him, and Brandal Brimgan made the decision, intending to first exhaust the resources in his biomes. This way, Virala would truly be pushed to the extreme.

"Just…ask me something." Virala grunted, unable to bear the pain, "Why are you doing this?"

"Hmm…" Brandal Brimgan simply smiled in response and motioned at the people nearby to continue the torture. Once he brought Virala to the palace, he started the torture, not speaking anything.

He didn't ask Virala the details about anything and simply continued to torture him. Molten metal continued to pour on Virala's regenerating toes, eliciting screams from him as without his Spirit Container, he was unable to control the Prana flowing through his bloodstream.

This meant that whatever Prana his biomes sent into his bloodstream made their way to his toes and regenerated the damage there. This meant that they constantly healed the region, implying a continuous recovery of his sense of pain.

Even if his body tried to dull the sensation or directly cut off the pain receptors, that synaptic response was halted once the Prana healed his toes to a pristine state. Since the toes were no longer wounded, there was no need to cut off the pain receptors in the place.

And right as this happened, molten metal was poured onto the toes. Even if Virala wanted to faint, he couldn't, for his Prana was potent enough to heal all damage in a matter of seconds, keeping him fresh.

'His presence is that of a Mammoth Clansman. There is no doubt about it now.' Brandal Brimgan thought, 'But strangely speaking, he has an Empyrean Tusk's powers. His regenerative capabilities are the strongest at the Gold Grade. Only an Empyrean Tusk is capable of it.'

'Moreover,' He signalled a man nearby with a motion of the eye, watching him lift a hammer and slam Virala's knees caps, cracking them in response, 'Even after sealing his Spirit Container, his biomes are still maintained. They're able to generate Prana using the resources in them and through it, they're generating the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity across his body.'

The power behind the hammer was enough to flatten the bodies of any cultivator, but it only served to crack Virala's kneecaps. That was only possible thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity protecting him.

'They are functioning on their own. As expected of the power of an existence hailed as a Deity. Impressive! Astonishingly impressive!' Brandal Brimgan then focused on the meat of the issue, 'But, he's able to use the Natures of other existences. How is that possible? Unless he's related to the Boar King? But, that doesn't seem likely.'

Brandal Brimgan focused his attention on Virala's Spirit Container through the power he used to seal it, concluding, 'No, the shape, quality, and presence all resemble an Empyrean Tusk. Based on our records, he's a Mammoth Clansman who can transform into an Empyrean Tusk. But the aspect of him being able to use multiple Natures can't be explained.'

He turned to his right and observed four Nature Weapons that had been fished out from Virala's stomach biome until now, 'I can sense the presence of a Nature in each of them.'

He then turned to his left and touched two Nature Weapons that had been brought by the three Royals from before, 'But these…are duds. There's nothing in them.'

'Then,' He stared at Virala, 'Why was he chasing after them with such relentless passion?'

'There's something I need to understand first.' Thinking as such, Brandal Brimgan expanded a stream of Prana through the palace and approached their information treasury. Pillars of Information Slips made out of Rutham filled the place, seemingly endless as they contained the records of information collected across the various eras of the Brimgan Empire since its founding.

To date, the information had been preserved, irrespective of the danger the Brimgan Empire faced. Even during times when it had civil unrest, with multiple Princes fighting for the throne, this information treasury remained safe.

After all, there was a branch of the Brimgan Royal family that had dedicated themselves to the preservation of this place, living for its sole purpose. As his energy stream appeared, a powerful presence blocked it.

But upon sensing that it was from Brandal Brimgan, the presence vanished, allowing him to browse through the place. With his Spirit weapon range, Brandal Brimgan could exert his presence anywhere in the Capital.

In terms of combat strength, he might be a sliver weaker than the Cooter Clan Chief, but in terms of awareness, he was unmatched on Sumatra, boasting the highest Spirit Weapon range.

His Prana flashed across the place and scoured through the registry, soon finding a plausible information pillar. His Prana flowed into the respective pillar and accessed the records left behind by Farja Brimgan.

Farja Brimgan was the Brimgan Empire's Emperor at the start of Renduldu's era. He was also the one who had contact with Mahira Tusk—the Mammoth Ancestor. Back then, they had allied to face the Mudropper race, with the final battle being waged at Karuta Hill.

'It's a sordid twist of fate that the place saved by the Mammoth Ancestor was destroyed by an Empyrean Tusk bearing her power.' He understood upon comprehending the records, 'The Mammoth Ancestor is said to have been able to collect and use multiple Natures.'

He stared at the orbs in his possession, 'So, these must be the infamous Nature Weapons. Nothing about her Nature has been recorded. So, I have no way to find out how these Nature Weapons are created.'

He watched Virala's screams and instructed the torturers, "Tell me once his toes stop regenerating. Don't harm him after that happens."

As the torturers saluted in response, Brandal Brimgan took a seat in the corner and closed his eyes. He expanded his senses and caused a figure of himself to appear in the throne room. It wasn't his body, but a Spirit Weapon created to resemble him.

It appeared no different to his image carved out of Rutham—

the mineral used by the Brimgan Royalty to build their Human Avatars. He seldom used this as he mostly remained at the palace all his life.

But knowing very well that his presence was mandatory to stop Virala in case he tried anything, Brandal Brimgan didn't take any chances. His Spirit Weapon puppet addressed the ministers that had gathered at the throne room, "I'll now be accepting applications to the Task Force that will Raid the Boar King."

"Successful candidates will be equipped with Minor Treasures to counter the target."



Chapter 458 Minor Treasure—Lunchbox

?458 Minor Treasure—Lunchbox

Varahan Mansion!

The Boar King returned to the estate alongside Yarsha Zahara and their six children. His expression remained nonchalant until Yarsha Zahara unleashed Subtle Terrain Domination—that she had absorbed from Wittral before they split off—to turn the lava-covered estate into normal ground.

She then erected the same mansion from before and gasped upon expending all the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination. The marksmanship of the mansion wasn't up to par, but for the time being, it'll work, as that was her intention.

She could rebuild the mansion in the future once again by using the funds that she had gathered. However, that was the least of her worries as she hurriedly supported the figure of the Boar King that collapsed.

"You've pushed yourself too much." She said in a fluster, "This body isn't even meant for fighting. Why did you chase after Loot when you had no intention to fight him?"

"I kept pressure on him until the Brimgan Emperor arrived." The Boar King spoke after recovering a bit, "You won't have to worry much about Loot for the time being. Just wait patiently for my main body to return."

"I'm afraid it'll be difficult." Yarsha Zahara sighed, "You killed most of the people in Fentan City. The Brimgan Empire will do everything in its power to kill us next. We'll be relentlessly chased by them until our deaths."

'Yeah, even though Brandal Brimgan acted nonchalant when facing me, he's the staunchest advocate of Free Human supremacy. I'm pretty sure he's making plans to hunt me.' The Boar King thought and seeped Prana into the rings worn by his children, causing the rings to seep into the bone.

"It's not much, but they'll remain hidden now. To the senses of everyone else, our kids will continue to appear as Free Humans. Even Brandal Brimgan wouldn't be able to sense the items responsible for that now." The Boar King said and approached the hole he had walked out from before, "I can't stop something since I'm already midway with it."

"You'll have to come up with something to stay alive until the end." Saying so, he took on his Empyrean Boar King form and dug into the earth, burying himself deep under.

"In the end, It's on me, huh?" Yarsha Zahara muttered as she noticed a group of people converging upon the entrance of Varahan Mansion. They were people in Fentan City with Silver Grade strength and above who had survived the Boar King's presence.

Now, they had grouped to avenge the death of their loved ones. Since Yarsha Zahara was the Boar King's wife, she must pay the price for his actions.

Blinded by rage, they wouldn't stop until she and her kids were killed. 'It would have been better to flee. But that's not an option.'

"Kill them!"

"Kill the Boar King's family!"

"Kill them all!"

The people raised slogans as they marched with bloody bodies, covered with the blood of their loved ones who sprayed blood under the Boar King's presence. It was an evident statement of their hatred as they marched into the Varahan Mansion, their eyes reddening in response upon seeing Yarsha Zahara with her kids.

"Kill her!"

"Slaughter the brats!"

"Disgusting bastards deserve to die!"

"For my family, die!"

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

Yarsha Zahara clapped once, unleashing the Boar King's ability that she had stored. To protect her, the Boar King had left a portion of his strength in her. And he helped conceal this using a Minor Treasure.

Minor Treasure—Lunchbox!

The Minor Treasure of Lunchbox was capable of storing a part of the user's strength. It acted as a reservoir to store the effects of a Nature, able to use it as a trump card when necessary.

Yarsha Zahara stored the effects of her Primary Nature that absorbed the Boar King's activation of Rocky Intimidation—

through his Astral Chart. It was done to prevent her body from being strained by constantly having to handle the voracious amount of Prana contained in the ability.

By storing it in the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, Yarsha Zahara was able to live a normal life.

Previously, when Virala's artillery strike struck the Varahan Mansion, Yarsha Zahara calculated that Wittral would be able to handle it, which was why she refrained from wasting her stored power.

Unfortunately for her, the body of the Boar King buried under Varahan Mansion wasn't aware of the entire picture, ignorant of the fact that she had the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox.

The Boar King had created this body the day they arrived at the Brimgan Empire and purchased Varahan Mansion. Only after that body buried itself for a plan did he equip her with the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox.

Besides, the difference in influence caused the buried Boar King to behave as an entirely different individual, someone who only moved to execute his mission and give his life in the process.

As a result, even when the Boar King arrived at the Varahan Mansion from time to time, he paid attention to remain at a distance of more than 180 metres from the buried body. This was done to avoid a mental clash.

It was why the buried body went overboard while assuming the death of his family and created such a mess. And now, Yarsha Zahara had to deal with it because the buried body of the Boar King no longer had the strength to fight and kill someone.

A pillar of rock appeared in the place and unleashed the Boar King's presence to a voracious extent, intimidating the Prana of the group of people that approached her.

The Rockatrice's ability was very strong from a defensive aspect. When unleashed using the Boar King's Prana, even those with Silver Grade strength struggled to approach the rocky pillar without a significant portion of their strength getting suppressed.

Yarsha Zahara expended all the strength stored in the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox and erected a wall of rock around Varahan Mansion, one that reached a height of twenty metres. She completely barricaded the place from outside, watching the group of raging people collapse to the ground with trembling bodies.

"You…bitch!" A man with Silver Grade strength shouted in rage and condensed a needle-shaped Spirit Weapon possessing poisonous properties. He hurled it toward Yarsha Zahara, controlling it at speeds four times the speed possible through psychokinesis for other cultivators at the Body Stage.

It was the function of his Human Avatar. As the Spirit Weapon approached her rapidly, Yarsha Zahara unleashed fluctuations of Prana to calculate its flight path and activated her Human Avatar, materialising a Spirit Weapon in the form of a sheet.

The needle slammed into the sheet and failed to dent it. Forget denting it, the needle failed to even make a scratch. A crisp ringing sound was produced as the sheet tanked the attack easily, for it was a Spirit Weapon refined using Sumatra Gold.

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

Yarsha Zahara activated her Primary Nature and gained control over the Spirit Weapon. But instead of using it, she caused it to vanish, having stored it in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. This way, to the eyes of the man, it seemed like his Spirit Weapon vanished mysteriously.

"H-How is that possible?" The man coughed out blood, feeling heartache as he overexerted himself to unleash that attack despite being suppressed by the effects of Rocky Intimidation.

In a similar fashion, Yarsha absorbed the attacks of others and grinned in response, thinking, 'Indeed, a battle to the death is the best source of inspiration.'

Through that short interaction, Yarsha Zahara managed to figure out a way to build a second piece of Sumatra Gold into her Human Avatar, 'I'll hold out for as long as possible.'

"And in the worst-case scenario…" She inched her finger to her ear and pinched the earlobe, "I'll use that."



Chapter 459  Fusing a Second Sumatra Gold

﻿﻿459  Fusing a Second Sumatra Gold

Yarsha Zahara had a total of six Minor Treasures, the limit she was able to handle without being burdened physically and mentally. Upon determining her limit, the Boar King thought long and hard of ways to effectively equip her with Minor Treasures.

He had dozens of them that he had accumulated over the past two millennia. But the effects unleashed by a Minor Treasure were too insignificant for him, especially since his Prana was so strong that the Boar King only had to create a Skill that could unleash effects on par with a Minor Treasure.

Hence, he never bothered to equip them. As for Major Treasures, the Boar King never encountered one. So, he had no idea about them. Besides, given his nature, he never bothered to research about them and spent his life running across Sumatra Continent.

Things changed once Yarsha Zahara came into picture.

At Varahan Enclave, when the Boar King asked her to pick the Minor Treasures of her liking from his stash, Yarsha Zahara selected the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. After all, through it, she could store the Boar King's strength. No other Minor Treasure came close in terms of function.

When she expressed her desire for the Minor Treasure, the Boar King hunted for more of them after leaving her at the Brimgan Empire.

This was part of his list as he roamed Sumatra Continent in search of Sumatra Gold. The Boar King made a beeline towards a Free Human Empire that produced the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox in the past.

He traded with them and obtained three more of the same Minor Treasures. That was all that particular Kingdom had. The Minor Treasure of Lunchbox was very useful, their most-prized treasure.

After all, only their Emperors that had reached the 10-Life Stage in the past but failed to reach the Transcendent Stage produced them. They were a symbol of authority. But against the Boar King, they had no choice but to bend to his will.

At least, the Boar King intended to trade with them. So, they accepted the deal. Refusing the Boar King meant annihilation.

They weren't the Brimgan Empire that had stood tall across multiple eras and had Gold Grade strength in the hundreds.

The strongest of their Kingdom had Silver Grade strength, with the quality of his Human Avatar on par with an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Hence, they didn't dare express the slightest amount of discontentment towards the Boar King.

After getting his hands on the remaining Minor Treasures of Lunchbox, the Boar King brought them to the Brimgan Empire and equipped Yarsha Zahara with them.

At present, she had four Minor Treasures of Lunchbox, the Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell, and finally, the Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern.

The Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell was one whose sole function was to alert the Boar King if Yarsha Zahara was in danger. After she equipped it, she linked it to the Boar King. This way, the moment she activates it, the Boar King would sense her call for help no matter how far away he is.

It had fused with her earlobe. She only had to flick it once to alert the Boar King. He would rush to her rescue from Gaja Enclave promptly. But it wasn't as if she could wait until the last moment to alert him.

It took the Boar King at the 2-Life Stage close to forty days to travel from the Gaja Enclave to the Brimgan Empire. Therefore, if Yarsha Zahara didn't have the confidence to survive that long, she had to activate it without hesitation.

But, she didn't do that and instead held on, intending to buy as much time as possible, having created a plan of action already.

The Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern was stolen from the original Mammoth Clan during the time Brangara evolved into the Boar King. When he chased after the herd of hundred Empyrean Tusks heading to another continent and killed quite a few of them, he stumbled upon this.

During their quest to find a path to the Mystic Grade, the Mammoth Clan experimented intensively upon anything and everything they got their hands on. One such Mammoth Clansman seemed to have obtained a spatial power similar to the Storage Lanterns created out of the tusks of the Empyrean Tusks.

And when they failed to reach the Transcendent Stage, they ended up becoming the Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern. Thanks to the characteristics of Mystic Bone Art that had a tremendous influence, the Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern was that Mammoth Clansman's stomach.

When Yarsha Zahara obtained it, the Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern fused with her stomach and expanded the space within, which was where she stored all her Sumatra Gold. Currently, there were 148 pieces of Sumatra Gold present in this space.

An absurd, unprecedented concentration of Sumatra Gold unlike anything ever witnessed on Sumatra Continent. She carried this level of wealth with her casually.

A single piece was enough for Inala to create the Sumatra Canon, an unbelievable weapon of destruction. If he were to get his hands on all the Sumatra Gold in her possession, the Mammoth Clan would grow strong enough to destroy the Boar King easily, especially since he knew the method to use a Sumatra Gold and pave a path to the Mystic Grade.

Of her 148 Sumatra Gold, 86 were produced by the Boar King alone.

Free Humans occupied a small portion of Sumatra Continent. Actually, in terms of population, there were more Ravaged Tribes than Free Humans. But even if they were included, the total area occupied by humans—Free Humans, Ravaged Tribes, and Clansmen—was a mere fraction of Sumatra Continent.

Among humans, only Free Humans were able to make use of a Sumatra Gold. Therefore, Sumatra Gold existed deep in Pranic Beast territories, untouched for tens of thousands of years, lying there, buried deep under the ground after a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast casually chucked them there.

"Hmm…" Yarsha Zahara hummed faintly as a piece of Sumatra Gold vanished from her Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern and was built into her Human Avatar, consuming her Prana in the process.

She continued to fight while this happened, carefully laying down arrangements by littering the region with Satellites and Comets.

When a Spirit Weapon flew towards her, Yarsha Zahara defended it with her Spirit Weapon—made out of Sumatra Gold

—and then used her Primary Nature to gain ownership of it.

Brimgan Empire cultivators had Natures whose effects resulted in the creation of Spirit Weapons with a variety of forms and functions. Their Spirit Weapons were created by their Natures. Hence, she could absorb them all through her Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection.

In her right hand was a Satellite and in her left was a Comet. Yarsha Zahara absorbed their power and fused them with the Spirit Weapons she had gained control off.

Now, the respective Spirit Weapons littered Varahan Mansion, behaving as Comets and Satellites respectively. Countless survivors in Fentan City were raging due to the deaths of their beloved.

Since it was impossible to avoid a confrontation, Yarsha Zahara took advantage of them to amass an arsenal of Comets and Satellites and fill up Varahan Mansion, enough to thwart the Royals.

Upon seeing that she was able to gain possession of the strength of her enemies, the Royals refrained from targeting her, afraid of adding to her strength. This meant that the enemies targeting her were weak enough to be fully intimidated by Rocky Intimidation, resulting in their attacks becoming slow and weak enough that Yarsha Zahara could gain possession of them without risk.

'Finally!' As she continued to fight, a surge of strength enveloped her being, allowing her to use her Primary Nature better. 'I succeeded in fusing a second Sumatra Gold into my Human Avatar.'

"Come on, is that the extent of your hatred?" She taunted the attackers, grinning upon being targeted by a hail of Spirit Weapons.



Chapter 460 Mystic Sumatra Art

﻿﻿460  Mystic Sumatra Art

When she entered the Body Stage and fused the first piece of Sumatra Gold in her Human Avatar, Yarsha Zahara made a calculation based on the volume of her Human Avatar.

600 Sumatra Gold!

That was the amount necessary for her to reach the peak of the Body Stage. It was unknown if she would ever manage to obtain that much Sumatra Gold.

After all, it was unknown where the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles had buried their stash of Sumatra Gold. Currently, the Boar King was only able to find one stash, and that was Renduldu's stash.

He was the Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that lived before the Boar King's era. So, his stash was the easiest to find for him as he didn't have to dig too deep.

The Boar King was there when Renduldu left for the Transcendent World. Therefore, by backtracking the regions visited by Renduldu and by referencing records kept by powerful colonies of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, the Boar King managed to find it.

But he had no such luck finding the stashes of Mystic Tentacles preceding Renduldu. They lived tens of thousands of years ago. Even if they had placed their stash in some cave, it would have been buried deep under ground now thanks to the accumulation of dust, activities of Pranic Beasts, changing terrain due to environmental fluctuation across the eras, etc.

"Mother, I can feel that you've grown stronger." Barla peered out from behind a rocky pill and commented.

Currently, there existed two layers of defence in Varahan Mansion. First was the twenty-metre-tall wall—erected by the Rockatrice's Nature of Rocky Intimidation—around the Varahan Mansion's estate.

Second was the thirty-metre-wall erected around the house itself. Her children hid in the safety of the house while Yarsha Zahara stood outside and faced their attackers.

The inner wall was littered with Comets that she had been procuring, creating a robust defence. This way, no one could tress pass into the house without being bombarded by dozens of Comets.

"How are everyone?" Yarsha Zahara stared at her eldest daughter and asked.

"Yaha and Hara are asleep." Barla said and glared at the attackers with a mildly cold expression, "Baga and Braga wanted to fight, but I scolded them and put them in charge of Yaha and Hara."

"Good, and what about Brana." Yarsha Zahara asked.

"He's spewing nonsense." Barla said, expressing a headache, "He's saying he'll be beaten up by you for infiltrating your study."

"He said that?" Yarsha Zahara stared in shock, feeling as if a boulder had slammed into her heart, "Is he fine?"

"I'll take care of him, mom." Barla said and retreated, "Don't worry and just fight. If you're tired, tell me."

"I can fight too."

"This child…" Yarsha Zahara sighed and couldn't help but worry about Brana, 'So, that's how Loot infiltrated my study. He used my son's body to avoid alerting anyone.'

'For how long was he inside Brana?' Yarsha Zahara gritted her teeth, 'Dammit, I was too careless. If Wittral hadn't requested to meet me, I would have never realised something like this was happening.'

She wanted to rush towards Brana and check up on him. But she couldn't leave her spot, for that would allow the attackers to close in and make her Comets target them.

She didn't want to waste them. Most of all, she had no intention of killing anyone. As long as she only defended herself, the Brimgan Empire wouldn't use their everything to destroy her.

They'll be patient and build their strength until they were sure to raid to Boar King. She'll manage to buy time until then. 'It's not something that could be accomplished in a day or two. They prepare for months just to raid the surrounding regions that they had raided countless times in the past. To face husband, whose abilities they don't know about will take forever.'

'Since they know that husband can equip himself with multiple Natures, the variables at play are just too much. It'll take them years to make preparations for all possibilities and train accordingly.' She finished analysing and let out a sigh, 'They won't try to kill me until then.'

"By then," She grinned and stared at her mansion, 'My children will be strong enough to fight.'

Her six children were born with the Boar King's genes. They were part of his Ravaged Tribe. Hence, they were constantly being influenced by the Boar King.

This was why one of his bodies were buried under Varahan Mansion. From there, the Boar King was combusting himself and emitting influence generated by the combination of his three Natures of Voracious Nature, Astral Chart, and Cultivator.

As this influence seeps into his children, they'll continue to adapt to it and grow accordingly. As they do, their Empyrean Boar genetics will continue to mature until they eventually attain the equivalent of the Fragment Disease of the Mammoth Clan and the Buoyant Disease of the Cooter Clan.

Primary Nature—Empyrean Boar Transformation!

This was the Boar King's goal. Once his body is fully combusted, the influence on his Ravaged Tribe—Wean Tribe—would accumulate enough for his children to enter the Body Stage and obtain this Primary Nature.

With this, they'd be able to transform into Empyrean Boars, similar to how Mammoth Clansmen transform into different Pranic Beasts. But this transformation would only give them the body of an Empyrean Boar and not its abilities.

They won't have Voracious Nature, but that was part of plan.

The Primary Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation would continue to influence their bodies and keep accumulating the genetics of an Empyrean Boar in them. Since they are the Boar King's children and could transform into an Empyrean Boar, as time passes, they'll attain a critical accumulation point, following which they would become Clansmen.

Originally, the Boar King had the guarantee in transforming his Wean Tribe into the Wean Clan within three generations. But that was when he planned to mate with regular Free Human women.

Yarsha Zahara was built different. And her children inherited her genetic traits too. Barla was born with 80 Prana. Her siblings were more or less similar to her and were all able to mould Prana just like Yarsha Zahara.

Prana obeyed them at a level inferior only to Yarsha Zahara. But unlike her, they were also blessed with the growth speed of an Empyrean Boar.

As a result, even though they didn't use a cultivation technique, just through natural accumulation by food consumption, Barla reached 100 Prana by the age of four. Currently, only Hara and Yaha had to reach the peak of the Spirit Stage. And it was only because they were two years old.

Mystic Sumatra Art!

Derived from the data of Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art, the cultivation technique of Mystic Sumatra Art was bloodline related.

When activated, it caused Prana and blood in the cultivator's body to interact with each other and imprint the characteristics of themselves on the other party. This strengthened the body, mind, and soul aspect of their Prana, allowing it to take action on its own without their conscious input.

Similarly, their blood gained characteristics of Prana and allowed them to control the flow of their blood, and in extension, their body, able to mould it as they please. It was why Barla proposed to take Yarsha Zahara's place and fight for a while.

Eight-year-old she might be, but possessing the traits of two of the most talented and ridiculous monsters, and equipped with an incomplete Mystic Grade cultivation technique, Barla was able to hold her ground for a while.

Mystic Sumatra Art gave her the necessary confidence to do so.



