Chapter 501 Ruvva Returns

﻿﻿The day Orakha realised that only Inala and Virala had a realistic chance at obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute due to their cunningness, he began to change himself, working on his mindset. He worked on a lot of his faults and thought of schemes.

In the end, he decided that as long as the Major Treasure of Attribute reveals itself at the time displayed in Sumatra Chronicles, it would imply that all his competitors would appear with full preparations.

Hence, the only way to gain a lead was to bring forward its completion as much as possible. Once he had such a line of thought, Orakha began to accumulate his Mystic Eaters at a location next to the Attributed Region, preparing them in such a way that the Attributed Region could devour them whole and fill up the remainder of the necessary influence.

The Attributed Region was made of water, densely packed to the limit that a droplet had as much mass as a mountain range. Hence, with the property of the Mystic Eater that was capable of devouring minerals, the moment he dumps a truckload of them onto the Attributed Region, the latter would consume them.

And then, through the Mystic Eater's power, it would voraciously consume all streams of water that were connected to it, funneling into it for tens of thousands of years all along.

All streams of water would dry up in the region until the Attributed Region swallowed up as much as was necessary to complete itself. The number of Mystic Eaters necessary for this was just an estimate on his part.

Thankfully, it was enough. The Attributed Region was already nearing the end of completion, having gathered more than enough influence. It just needed to accumulate a bit more water, which was exactly what he had done.

The influx of water was instantly assimilated into the Attributed Region, compressed thanks to the influence. And when it was done, the Attribute stopped influencing its surroundings, deciding that it was time to pair with a worthy owner.

Hence, it unleashed a pillar of light into the sky, one spanning a kilometre in diameter, reaching endlessly into the sky.

Boom!

The pocket of earth above the Attributed Region that was in the path of the pillar of light was instantly turned into dust, causing dust clouds to swirl across the pillar.

"Tch!" Virala rapidly surfaced upon feeling the pulsating ripples of energy being unleashed by the pillar of light. He then stared at the sky, noticing the Transcendent Worlds flicker once in response. And slowly, like surfacing from fog, more Transcendent Worlds began to appear, 'It's happening.'

This mysterious activity from the Transcendent Worlds was depicted in Sumatra Chronicles. However, no further information was provided about it, causing readers to make multiple guesses. But every time a Major Treasure revealed itself, the Transcendent Worlds reacted in response, causing many more than normal to appear in the skies above Sumatra Continent.

Their activity was enough of a confirmation for Virala, 'Even though it appeared a month early, it seems the Attribute finished creating the Attributed Region.'

He drilled into the ground in a hurry, 'I need to safeguard the baby first and then head into the Attributed Region.'

He increased his speed upon seeing sixteen smaller pillars jut out of the ground in the region, forming entry paths into the Attributed Region.

"Argh!" Yarsha Zahara gasped in exhaustion upon succeeding in giving birth to a baby daughter.

"Mother!" Barla spoke in excitement as she severed the umbilical cord and picked up the baby, "It's a healthy girl!"

"Give her to me…" Yarsha Zahara paused, momentarily too stunned to speak, sensing the presence emanated by her newborn baby. It made her feel as if she had to submit herself to the baby, for the first time in her life feeling a sense of inferiority, something she hadn't felt even while seeing the Boar King.

100 Prana!

The baby girl was born with the literal peak possible for a human, a unit surpassing Yarsha Zahara. It might seem like a mere unit in difference, but signified a grand chasm of future potential between the two.

"She's a…" Yarsha Zahara was stunned because the baby girl didn't exhibit a presence similar to the rest of her kids. Instead, it was of a Free Human, the purest of its kind, one that seemed to continue its unblemished existence. 'Is this what he was going for? A Free Human?'

Yarsha Zahara expressed confusion as she held her newborn child, still in the process of collecting her thoughts when suddenly, a tiny hole formed on the floor nearby as a metre-long worm flashed out.

"Watch out!" Barla barely managed to notice the intruder but wasn't fast enough to take action in her human form. She watched helplessly, feeling as if time had slowed down. But even when her perception had accelerated to such an extent, the speed of the worm was many times higher than everyone in its surroundings.

It was Virala, in his Mystic Ewworm form. Approaching Yarsha Zahara, he reverted to human form, grabbed the baby, and leapt away, watching Barla barely miss grabbing his leg.

"What the…?" Yarsha Zahara was stunned for a moment before roaring in anger, "Loot!"

"Ahh, that name again!" Virala rolled his eyes in annoyance as he noticed the condensed orb in his mind space had vanished. He sensed that the baby girl had inherited his Mystic Path. Or rather, she had instinctively activated her Primary Nature to gain the Mystic Path as her Secondary Body.

Secondary Body—Empyrean Tusk!

'Now, that's a funny twist of fate.' Virala sighed upon noticing the stark familiarity of the baby, soon figuring out the cause, 'No wonder.'

'She looks exactly like Ruvva!'

Using the Skill of Primary Extortion, Ruvva stole Virala's Primary Nature. Then, Virala transformed her body into the Nature Weapon of Tusk.

During the process of him becoming a Mystic Human, the Nature Weapon of Tusk was used as fuel alongside his Empyrean Tusk body and Mystic Path. They had all combined into the condensed orb that remained in his mind space.

The human version of this was Ruvva, for it was her body that had become the Nature Weapon of Tusk. And due to the influence from it, the baby inherited Ruvva's appearance, and possibly her characteristics too, gaining all her genetics.

"Guess I needn't think of another name," Virala said as a tail jutted out of his back and blocked an attack from Barla, producing a loud clang. He stared at the baby girl and muttered, "Ruvva! That'll be your name."

'Since you inherited the same characteristics as an Empyrean Tusk, so as tradition, you'll gain the name of the one you inherited from.' He smiled in response.

"Fucker! Don't you go around naming my child!" Yarsha Zahara roared as she got up, intending to fight before collapsing weakly. She had just given birth and was in a weakened state, unable to attack him.

"You don't need to care what I do with her," Virala said and smirked upon watching Ruvva finish condensing her Secondary Body. He then took out the Mystic Nature Weapon of Eddy and placed it on her chest while putting a Spirit Slip in her mouth.

The Spirit Slip exploded subtly and poured some information into Ruvva, using which she instinctively activated her ability and began to pour her Prana into the Nature Weapon.

This was why Virala targeted Yarsha Zahara, happy that his gamble was a success, 'This is worth the risk.'

"I need to thank you, Yarsha Zahara," Virala said as he blasted out of the house and continued to retreat while his Mystic Ewworm tail flashed around like a whip and defended against the attacks of six Empyrean Boars. "You have successfully birthed someone who inherited your genetic lottery and surpasses you in your innate field."

He didn't even need to experiment to know that Ruvva was capable of moulding Prana to unleash abilities on par with Iron Grade Natures. Her talent in this aspect was a tad superior to even Yarsha Zahara.

It was why the moment he planned to have a child with Yarsha Zahara, he picked the perfect body for the child—the body of a Bludder—to fuse with. It was a creature that spun at terrifying speeds and emitted Prana in the shape of a blade to sever through its opponent.

With Ruvva's talent of mounding Prana, adding onto the body of a Bludder, she'd be capable of unleashing an effect on par with the Bludder's Primary Nature without issues, even without having the Nature.

'I created the greatest lifeform on Sumatra.' Virala was damn excited, waiting for the day his daughter grew up and became an unstoppable force of nature. After all, she had a Gold Grade body that was capable of evolving into the Mystic Grade in the future—thanks to the Violet Mystic Path—and a Mystic Grade Body famed for its spinning capability.

Secondary Body—Empyrean Tusk!

Tertiary Body—Apogee Bludder!



Chapter 502 Orakha Targets Yarsha Zahara

﻿﻿"Come back!" Barla shouted as she transformed into an Empyrean Boar and lunged at Virala.

"Nope!" In response, Virala's tail shot forth and lodged into the ground farther away, contracting in response as it pulled his body away from Barla. The tool at the tip of the tail transformed into a drill and slammed hard into the ground to poke open a hole; he then jumped into it.

"Bastard! Don't you dare run away!" Braga leaped into the hole and transformed into an Empyrean Boar, instantly filling up the region in an effort to flatten Virala.

"Are you planning to kill your sibling or something?" Virala said as he had morphed the shape of the tool at the tip of his tail and turned it into a cage that protected him from Braga's body blow.

Tertiary Body Stage 1—Tusk!

A tusk hovered before him as a Spirit Weapon. It whirred into life and shot forward, piercing through Braga's body and forcing him to retreat.

The cage parted open to form an entrance as Virala walked out from it. He then morphed its shape into an enclosed cradle that carried Ruvva, ensuring she wouldn't fall out from it if it were to tilt or flail about. The interior of the cradle turned soft, using a material that Virala had accumulated from the Golden Giant fit for the occasion.

This ensured that Ruvva wouldn't sustain any damage or internal shocks as the cradle was moved around. It wasn't as good encasing her in a container covered with the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity, but was the next best thing.

Tertiary Body Stage 3—Boar!

Virala transformed into a small Empyrean Boar King and rushed out of the hole. At the end of his tail was the cradle that he moved around to ensure it wasn't caught by the six Empyrean Boars targeting him.

Boom!

A Comet slammed into his face, sending him flying a bit in response. Immediately after, another Comet targeted him, causing blood to drip out of his face. Even though his wounds regenerated instantly, Virala tensed up in response.

He wasn't anywhere close to maturity and hence couldn't tank such attacks in large numbers. His Prana would be expended if that were to happen. So, he had to make his escape soon.

If not for the effects of Rocky Intimidation that suppressed his abilities, Virala would have already made his escape. Because of this, he wasn't able to react fast enough towards the Comets.

"Hey, is that all you got?" Virala taunted Yarsha Zahara, "Your most talented daughter will grow up as a Mammoth Clansman. And in the future, she'll hunt the lot of you. How does that sound?"

Hearing his words, Yarsha Zahara's eyes turned beet red, growing in rage as she gritted her teeth and got up, whirring Prana through her body desperately in an effort to join the fight. She glared at Virala and brought out her Spirit Weapon.

'Good, become angry. That way, you'll hunt for me at the Mammoth Clan and kill my body camping there.' That was what Virala wanted. Until that body was killed, forget growing strong, Virala would be unable to build a second body.

After all, the body at the Mammoth Clan was the one he condensed upon reaching the 2-Life Stage. Unless that body reached the peak of the Body Stage, Virala would be unable to create a third body. He wanted to get rid of it first. What best way to do that than kidnap the Boar King's daughter and place the blame on the target?

It was why Virala didn't reveal that Ruvva was a child born out of the union of Virala and Yarsha Zahara. As long as she and the Boar King assume Ruvva as their child, they'll do everything in their power to reclaim her.

This means their attention would naturally align towards annihilating the figure of Loot who was camping at the Mammoth Clan. To ensure that body was killed as soon as possible, Virala intended to antagonise the Wean Tribe to the limit.

"Woah! That was close!" Virala evaded Yarsha Zahara's Spirit Weapon, unwilling to see her obtain Astral Weaponiser.

"Aren't we part of the same race? Why are you doing this?" Barla shouted in frustration upon seeing Virala's Empyrean Boar King body, "You have the same body as my dad, that of an Empyrean Boar King."

"Isn't it simple?" Virala laughed, "I have the Empyrean Boar King's body but not Astral Chart. I'm just curious to see if swallowing the lot of you will allow me to gain it."

"I mean, that's how your beloved dad became the strongest existence in Sumatra." Virala grinned with a twisted smile, "By devouring his entire race. I'm curious to hear his remarks about the taste."

"Disgusting bastard!" Brana cursed in anger and pounced upon him, frustrated to see that Virala was a tad faster. And thanks to his smaller figure, he was able to evade them all easily, consuming the minimum most energy to do so.

That was the advantage of having a small form. It was best for moving and evasion while conserving energy the best. As Virala's intention wasn't to attack them, moving about like this was for the best.

As Yarsha Zahara churned Prana through her body, she was able to recover bit by bit, able to participate more and more in the fight against Virala. The entirety of her focus was on recovering her newborn daughter, as a result failing to sense the Mystic Eater stealthily creeping upon her.

A Mystic Eater jutted out of a rocky pillar and consumed the Prana within a Comet, as a result turning it unresponsive, performing the same to all nearby Satellites. They moved underground and through the rocky pillars, directly seeping into the Satellites and Comets attached to those surfaces.

As a result, before the Satellites and Comets managed to react, they were deprived of all Prana. It was by relying upon this method that Orakha managed to spy upon Varahan Mansion all along.

Even though the place was littered with Comets, Yarsha Zahara was unable to recover enough Prana to keep them all active. As a result, many were inactive, lacking the Prana to keep functioning. She only maintained the bare minimum necessary to protect the Varahan Mansion, intending to recharge the rest during an invasion from the residents of Fentan City.

Thereby, when she came across empty Comets, Yarsha Zahara only judged that the Prana within had been expended, unaware that the cause was Mystic Eaters. Having been observing Varahan Mansion, Orakaha maintained a note of when each and every Comet and Satellite had been recharged with Prana.

As a result, he knew which ones to target best while ensuring Yarsha Zahara and her children would remain unaware. And now, Orakha appeared next to Varahan Mansion, giving commands to his Mystic Eaters that moved in a certain route and approached Yarsha Zahara.

The Mystic Eater in the lead focused on her, making note of the parts of her body that had been replaced by her Human Avatar. Touching those places was dangerous, since it would get absorbed and transform into the latter's strength.

Once the Mystic Eater made its observation, it coiled its body and leaped out, targeting Yarsha Zahara's stomach, for that was where her Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern had fused.

"Kya!" Yarsha Zahara screamed in fright upon seeing an ink- black serpent seep into her stomach and leap out, carrying in its mouth a Sumatra Gold. She stared at it and spontaneously targeted it with a Comet, staring in a daze as other Mystic Eaters interfered and tanked the attack.

Most of them died in the attack but managed to ensure the Mystic Eater carrying the piece of Sumatra Gold managed to escape. "Kyak!"

She hadn't even taken a breather when another Mystic Eater deftly avoided her Spirit Weapon and stole a second Sumatra Gold from her stomach.

"You were a terrifying character in Sumatra Chronicles, but that was only because you spent every moment of your existence drawing out the entirety of your potential. But here," Orakha muttered, shaking his head as he stole a third Sumatra Gold, "you're merely a sheltered brat, unaware of the true extent of your capabilities."

"As a result, you cannot avoid me." Orakha slowly made his presence known to his target, watching as the entrance leading into the Attributed Region finished forming, with one appearing right behind him.

It was the one that was supposed to appear at the Varahan Mansion. And now, it had shifted to the middle of the street, forming a couple hundred metres away from the entrance of Varahan Mansion.



Chapter 503 The Boar King Rushes Back

?Gaja Enclave!

Seated atop the carcass of a giant Empyrean Tusk was the Boar King, letting out a thunderous burp as he patted his bloated stomach, "Man, I'm getting sick of the taste."

He inspected himself, observing that he had already stabilised at the 3-Life Stage, 'Do I return now? If something were to happen, she would have called me. I've left my power in her four Minor Treasures of Lunchbox. That's enough for her to support herself until my arrival.'

"Then…do I keep growing stronger?" He hesitated, feeling his strength continue to increase as his body digested the Empyrean Tusk's flesh. He stared around, noticing that there were a few more heaps, "If I devour them all, I might be able to enter the 4-Life Stage and possibly make that body attain maturity too. But it might worsen the influences in me…"

Suddenly, the Boar King noticed his skin prickle nonstop, observing goosebumps had formed. He knew what it was immediately, realising that Yarsha Zahara was summoning him back, and judging by the strength of the summon, it signalled extreme urgency, "Something must have happened there."

Boom!

For a moment, he felt weak in his legs, sensing a power capable of threatening his life, only then realising what it was, "This is…a Major Treasure?"

He could feel the pulses unleashed by the Major Treasure of Attribute all the way here. Considering the sheer distance beyond which he could sense it calling for him, the Boar King became terrified upon pinpointing the location where it had appeared, "No, it's in the Brimgan Empire."

The region where the Brimgan Empire had been established could be called a blessed land, one that was abundant with resources. Just officially, there lived over three hundred Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in its surroundings. There might be even more that lived stealthy lives, not revealing themselves to the Brimgan Empire.

Now, all these Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would rush towards the Major Treasure of Attribute, creating an absolute stampede as every single Pranic Beast would do the same. This was merely from the Brimgan Empire's surroundings.

Considering the distance reached by the luring energy pulses of Attribute, billions of Pranic Beasts would be rushing towards it by now. Stuck in the epicentre of the chaos, there was a solid chance his family could be killed during the mayhem.

"I have to return there as quickly as possible." The Boar King had no intentions of saving his strength anymore. A voracious amount of power began to well up in his body, causing his density to increase to unimaginable levels.

Astral Chart—Internal Inertial Gravity X6!

He focused its effects in his stomach, transforming it into a biome, making it reach a size unimaginable to even Empyrean Tusks, for they were actuated by six Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

And then, the Boar King stared at the heaps of resources in the Gaja Enclave that had spewed out from the biomes of the Empyrean Tusks he had killed. They filled up most of the Gaja Enclave's area. The heaps of flesh formed by the carcasses of Empyrean Tusks were tiny in comparison.

The Boar King's mass had now increased to an extent it began to unleash gravitational forces outward, attracting the mountainous piles of resources. He opened his mouth and unleashed a suction force, causing a ginormous river formed by the resources that flowed into his stomach biome.

As they flowed into his stomach biome, the Boar King unleashed their mass through his body, as a result increasing the strength of the gravitational pull he was generating. This further increased his suction speed, creating a virtuous cycle as in a matter of hours, Gaja Enclave became barren land, deprived of even the faintest of resources it generated naturally.

Everything was now in the Boar King's stomach biome, one that spanned a length exceeding a hundred kilometres. A hundred kilometres wasn't that much on land.

But the biome was in the shape of his stomach, with its walls acting as land thanks to the effect of internal Inertial Gravity. A human stomach spans a length of 22-23 Centimetres and an overall surface area close to 500 square metres.

With the same calculation, considering a length of 100 Kilometres, the surface area of the Boar King's stomach biome reached 10,000 square Kilometres. It was massive. The most terrifying aspect of this was that it was in his human form.

Gurgle!

The gravitational field intensified as Brangara assumed his Pranic Beast form, becoming an Empyrean Boar King whose height reached 200 metres and spanned a length close to 400 metres. This implied a larger stomach, under the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity twisted to form an even larger space.

Now, it was large enough to easily fit in a thriving Empire. Thanks to the effect of the six Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity working in conjunction, the stomach biome naturally made changes to distribute resources functionally.

In a matter of minutes, the biome came to life, creating a thriving ecosystem that under the influence of the Boar King's Prana, grew a lot of plant life. There were plenty of seeds and shrubs growing in the piles formed from the scattered remains of the collapsed biomes of the Empyrean Tusk corpses in the Gaja Enclave.

And now, they grew rapidly, bursting with vitality. It wasn't just that as the Boar King noticed more than a hundred Parute Trees appear in his stomach biome. They were absorbing the nutrients from the soil to create Parute Fruits.

Once they bloom, through Internal Inertial Gravity, the Boar King only had to unleash a minor pulse of gravity at their stems to harvest the fruits. With six Internal Inertial Gravity manning the place, there was a hivemind nature to them, causing the Natures to do everything necessary on their own.

As the Parute Fruits fall on the ground, they'll be digested by the stomach biome and surge Prana through his bloodstream. Adding that and the corpses of the Empyrean Tusks he had swallowed, the Boar King would have more than enough Prana to go all out.

Directly support the authors on WebNovel!

Boom!

The ground of Gaja Enclave cracked in response as the Empyrean Boar King's body shot forth like a train, unleashing farts that were on the level of a volcanic eruption. The Empyrean Boar King used those to propel its body forward, destroying everything in its wake as it rushed forth in a straight line.

Typically, to avoid destroying everything in his wake, the Boar King paid attention to his travel path, paying heed to move in the borders of various Pranic Beast territories. This way, even if he were to move at sonic speeds and beyond, the shockwaves generated by him wouldn't harm the surroundings.

But with his family on the line, the Boar King no longer cared about it as he made a straight line to the Brimgan Empire. His every single leap covered dozens of kilometres, traversing in a matter of seconds.

As he moved, the six Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity synchronised with his body more and more, gradually strengthening his body accordingly to reinforce his motion. In response, his speed reached hypersonic levels and showed no signs of stopping.

When he faced 44 Empyrean Tusks at the Deing Canyon, the Boar King was only using two Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. Even that made him a monster. And now, at the same cultivation level, by activating six such Natures, he became unstoppable.

Roar!

A Gold Grade Pranic Beast growled in resistance, protecting its brethren as their territory came in the Boar King's path. It barely noticed the latter on the horizon and blinked, observing the Empyrean Boar King was before its face now.

It unleashed an attack by gathering whatever amount of Prana it could muster in that short window, sighing in despair to see that the Empyrean Boar King didn't even flinch at the attack, considering it a mere breeze.

An extension of its hooves, and a gaping hole formed in the Gold Grade Pranic Beast's body. The Empyrean Boar King didn't waste even a single second in the interaction, continuing to run after dispatching such a powerful foe to the afterlife. Opening its mouth once, it swallowed the Gold Grade Pranic Beast's body and sped forth.

Gua!

Suddenly, dozens of Empyrean Tusk baby cries resounded, causing the six activated Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity to scream in response, desperate, unleashing cries for the other party to flee.

'A dozen Empyrean Tusks have been birthed?' The Boar King thought in shock. Had it just been the Attribute, he would have stopped to investigate. But since Yarsha Zahara summoned him, the Boar King had no mood to waste any time, 'I can return here later. They're not going anywhere.'

Making a note of the location of the cries, the Boar King rapidly approached the Brimgan Empire, soon seeing the Lotus Range come in his vision. From the moment goosebumps appeared on his skin to now, only eight hours had spanned past.

The distance that he would have originally traversed for a month was now covered in a mere eight hours, thanks to activating six Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity and being supported by a ginormous biome that generated enough Prana to upkeep his rocket pace.



Chapter 504 Make It Quick

?Eight hours earlier, right after the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself. In a dome deep under Fentan City, grouped with the herd of Empyrean Tusks was Inala, stunned to sense its appearance, "It revealed itself a month earlier?"

He was only puzzled for a moment before approaching Harrala, "Bring out Asaeya."

"Okay," Harrala encased Asaeya in a bone cage and brought it out, shrinking it once it left her biome. Once the bone cage appeared outside her body, the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity vanished, causing the bone cage to revert to its original size, allowing Asaeya to walk out.

"Is it time?" She judged upon seeing Inala's expression, not asking anything else as she firmed up her mind. She currently was at the peak of the Body Stage, leaving behind her second body in Harrala.

Even though Inala had planned to the extreme, the Attributed Region was still a terrifying place capable of killing a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Even the current Boar King could be killed there, not to mention the rest.

Hence, by leaving behind a body in Harrala, even if the body of Asaeya accompanying Inala gets killed, she wouldn't die.

Not all Empyrean Tusks would be participating in the race. Even though Minor Treasures were lying around in the Attributed Region, including precious resources that weren't available anywhere else in Sumatra, they couldn't risk the entire Mammoth Clan with it.

As both Gannala and Harrala were strategic assets, having a future as Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, they were asked to sit out. Raaha, Vhalla, and a couple dozen weaker Empyrean Tusks remained behind too.

Raaha was there to protect them, ready to flee in case the Empyrean Tusks participating in the race got annihilated. With him there, the Mammoth Clan would still have enough protection to continue developing.

As the Mammoth Treasury existed in Vhalla's brain biome, she couldn't enter the Attributed Region, for doing so might cause the influences between the two Major Treasures to conflict with each other.

One body of Blola was left in Gannala's custody, kept secure in her stomach biome. As long as he was alive, all the reincarnates could be revived.

"Open up the path." Inala nodded at Gannala, able to sense the closest entrance, judging based on what he perceived, 'It's near the Varahan Mansion.'

He then stared at Raaha in alarm, "Chief!"

"I know," Raaha observed Vhalla in a hurry, seeing the latter's fingertips tremble in response. It meant the Boar King was approaching their location.

"Two…three…six?" Vhalla calculated based on the extent of fear she was experiencing, adding onto the Boar King's speed, "He's activated six Internal Inertial Gravity."

"Fuck!" Inala became alarmed in response, able to feel it himself as he judged, "He should be arriving here in seven or eight hours."

"That's too soon!" He gritted his teeth and requested, "Let's hurry!"

Inala, Asaeya, Rhanalla, Nitalla, Wrunnala, Meshlla, Fualla, and Trulla; a total of eight were a team. This was the team created to ensure Inala seized the Attribute.

Asaeya had the perfect crowd-controlling ability while the Empyrean Tusks could brute force through any situation, especially since they had gained a Secondary Nature through Maroppa's help and had equipped a Nature Weapon with the power of an Empyrean Zinger.

The Empyrean Zinger's Prana Bomb could be moulded into a Prana Hand through the Prana Hand Skill. Hence, it was helpful for the Empyrean Tusks to recover their Prana during battle. Even though it wasn't necessary, considering the extent of resources in their biomes, it would come in handy during necessary situations.

In the past few months, by conserving their expenditure in human forms, all Empyrean Tusks had managed to recover the amount of resources in them to a great extent. Once Gannala entered the body of a Mutated Empyrean Zinger King that had the Secondary Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination, she could gather a large volume of resources from the endlessly producing region that was the Northern Lakes and Southern Veins.

It was why they camped so deep underground, when it was said to be dangerous beyond a depth of 40 metres in the Southern Veins. All the toxic fumes were just converted into resources by Gannala, making the environment safe.

And once Blola was planted there, he generated Parute King Fruits in large numbers. Just by camping at the Brimgan Empire, the Empyrean Tusk herd was able to recover at a staggering speed.

The focus of recovery was prioritised for the team of six Empyrean Tusks accompanying Inala, ensuring they were at optimal battle states. Considering Inala's significant contribution, they were happy to help him.

"Be safe, Dad," Gannala said and equipped herself onto a body whose Tertiary Nature slot contained the Nature Weapon of Tunnel. Using her power, she opened up a tunnel that led right next to Varahan Mansion.

She had set up over eighty tunnels in Fentan City alone. To reach the surface at the necessary location, all one had to do was jump into the tunnel. They would casually fall towards the surface.

As Inala's team entered the tunnel, Gannala closed it shut. Keeping the tunnels open was dangerous, especially since the Boar King was approaching their location. She then stared at the other teams, opening tunnels leading towards various locations in the region, with each of them positioned close to an entrance.

It was a free fall for them as Inala grabbed Asaeya and piggybacked her, whispering, "Hug tight."

"I would have done it either way." Asaeya chuckled and tightened her hold over him. As she didn't have Internal Inertial Gravity, she wouldn't be able to move fast enough in the Attributed Region.

Hence, Inala will do the moving for her while she can focus on their enemies. The group stared at the faces of each other and became ready as they exited the tunnel, watching the entrance close right after.

A kick on the ground and they leapt straight into the entrance.

Many people in the vicinity of the entrance were surprised to see it, wondering what it was when jet-black ink began to cover the roads nearby, rushing towards them like a tidal wave.

"What is this…" A pedestrian retreated in a hurry and used his Spirit Weapon to prod around, commenting his observation, "It's not toxic or has any harmful properties. It's no different from water, except for its colour."

Mixed amid the crowd was a criminal who had escaped from prison just recently. Upon hearing his thoughts and noticing a flight of stairs made out of water trailing through the entrance that had appeared, the criminal decided to enter it.

The guards chasing after him were narrowing in on his location. Hence, this was the only way to survive. He probed the jet-

black ink with his Spirit Weapon and noticed that it indeed wasn't dangerous.

'This is the only way to survive. I have to risk it.' Thinking as such, the criminal leapt forward and plunged into the jet-black ink that was steadily increasing in volume. Using a boat-shaped Spirit Weapon, he sped towards the entrance, intending to enter it.

But the moment he closed in on the entrance, he noticed to his horror that the properties of the jet-black ink had changed abruptly, emanating enough heat that they instantly melted him alongside his boat.

One moment, he was rushing towards the entrance, but the other moment, he was no more. The spectators who had observed his fate screamed in fright and scurried away, inciting chaos as others followed them to vacate the place.

'Good! This way, I'll be able to maintain control of this entrance.' Orakha thought as he released a bunch of Mystic Eaters into the ink-black flood while stealing more and more Sumatra Gold from a helpless Yarsha Zahara.

"Don't dally too much." Suddenly, Inala's voice resounded in his ears as Orakha turned in the direction and noticed a team of eight in the air, making an arc towards the entrance.

"What the…?" Orakha was surprised by Inala's team, clearly able to sense that they were Empyrean Tusks in human form. It took him only a fraction of a second to understand what had happened, given he knew about Gannala's abilities.

By then, the team of eight plunged through the entrance as Inala's voice resounded in his ears, his tone one of caution, "The Boar King will arrive in eight hours."

"Whatever you want to do, make it quick."



Chapter 505 Targeting The Golden Giant

?Underneath the Brimgan Empire's palace, situated inside the Golden Giant's stomach was Brandal Brimgan in his Kinesis Deity form, his eyelids fluttering as he was seated upon a Spirit Container in the shape of a large stool.

Unlike his original Spirit Container, or his Human Avatar for that matter which was pure gold, there were jet-black veins across his entire Kinesis Deity form, pulsating with a mysterious power. These veins caused the stool to hum with a subtle energy wave as they absorbed the influence of the Golden Giant, drinking it like a thirsty camel.

Orakha had already modified his Human Avatar through the combined usage of his Primary and Tertiary Natures. The modification was done to capitalise on the influence of the Golden Giant through which both the creation of a Secondary Nature and the upgradation of Gold Kinesis Art would happen.

Best of all, Orakha had created it intending to transform Brandal Brimgan as his mobile, revival base, having encoded the information of his Secondary Nature of Daily Checkpoint into it.

By now, all Spirit Weapons created by Brandal Brimgan would have a checkpoint loaded in them, allowing Orakha to revive there when necessary. This was to facilitate ease of movement for Orakha in the future.

As long as Brandal Brimgan splits his bodies and sends them away, Orakha can revive at the location of each body once a day.

Daily Checkpoint had a limitation that only one location could be designated as a checkpoint. Therefore, if Orakha were to designate Arlfarah Mansion as the checkpoint, no matter where he dies, he would be revived there.

But what if he designated Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar as a checkpoint? This 10-Life Stage cultivator could split into ten bodies, with each heading off in different directions. Technically, he was a single entity.

Therefore, while Orakha was sticking to the rules of his Secondary Nature, he was also creating the means to take advantage of it by understanding its intricacies better. The modification done on Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar was to deepen this checkpoint.

The Golden Giant's influence was used to further this arrangement to ensure it became functionally realistic even if Brandal Brimgan were to split his bodies and send each to different locations of Sumatra.

It was said that once Gold Kinesis Art was cultivated to the extreme and used on a Spirit Weapon, it would mutate and birth a Secondary Nature in the cultivator. As Gold Kinesis Art was a Gold Grade cultivation technique, this process was too slow.

To date, all Brimgan Royals reached the end of their lifespan before attaining the limit of refining their Spirit Weapon to birth a Secondary Nature. The Golden Giant had been set up in such a way that this process could be hastened under its influence.

Thereby, it was now guaranteed that Brandal Brimgan would succeed in obtaining a Secondary Nature. Had it been him figuring it out originally, the Secondary Nature he gained, as a result, would have directly elevated his strength to the level he became the second strongest on Sumatra.

Unfortunately, his mind was destroyed by Virala using the Golden Giant. And now, this empty husk had a newborn mind that was generated thanks to the information Orakha had fed him.

This newborn mind was being nurtured under the influence of Brandal Brimgan's Prana and Primary Nature. And with the modification done to his Human Avatar, even if he succeeds, he'll never see the light of the day.

"Hmm, that's one," Orakha muttered as his Mystic Eater extracted a Minor Treasure from Brandal Brimgan's body. A group of Mystic Eaters were currently working on carving a thirteenth eye on the Golden Giant.

Orakha's Primary Nature allowed him to build a compound Human Avatar. Meaning, how the combination of multiple minerals brought out a certain effect was something he had knowledge and experience about.

It took him millions of trials and errors to determine the right combination for his Compound Human Avatar's function of Selectively Permeable Plasma. Figuring out the formulae and recipe for something was easy for him.

While spying on Virala's actions in the Golden Giant, Orakha had been gathering data about its functions. Its setup was barebones at best from his perspective. In the months he had been waiting, Orakha came up with more than a hundred variations to improve the Golden Giant's functions.

He had also determined an arrangement of minerals to create a Human Avatar whose effect was no different from the Golden Giant. The materials for it could be sourced right from the Golden Giant.

And now that his second body that was fighting at the Varahan Mansion had gotten hold of many pieces of Sumatra Gold, he could improve the function of his Human Avatar and increase its potency to the extreme.

He only needed one piece of Sumatra Gold per Human Avatar per his calculations. Therefore, ten pieces to improve his Human Avatar and another ten to improve Brandal Brimgan's for a total of twenty. That was all he wanted.

Anything beyond that was just excess that he could think of a use for in the future. And best of all, him stealing them meant less for Yarsha Zahara. 'As long as she is unable to reach the peak of the Body Stage, I can kill her anytime.'

This was the reason Inala too wasn't desperate to kill Yarsha Zahara. As long as she doesn't reach the peak of the Body Stage, Orakha remained a hard counter to her abilities. Moreover, as long as there was a part of her body that was unable to transform into her Human Avatar, Orakha's Mystic Eaters could enter her body from there and devour her Sumatra Gold.

She would be no different from a sinking ship in his eyes, one walking with a pile of riches. As his Mystic Eaters devour the Sumatra Gold fused into her Human Avatar, Yarsha Zahara's strength would continue to plummet.

Currently, Virala was at the Varahan Mansion. 'After rescuing his child, he'd probably take her with him into the Attributed Region. There might be Minor Treasures suitable for the both of them there that he could use to take care of her better.'

It meant that Orakha had free reins to do whatever he wanted with the Golden Giant. Even though there was a Major Treasure within the Golden Giant, Virala hadn't fused with it, for the influence it generated would negatively affect his Tusk and Tool partial transformations.

Instead, simply cultivating in the Golden Giant's stomach granted him greater benefits. That was why he didn't interfere with the twelve Minor Treasures and the Major Treasure forming the Golden Giant.

As for the eight Minor Treasures within Brandal Brimgan, none were what Virala desired, as all their function was in regards to enhancing the Spirit Weapon. His Mystic Ewworm was capable of performing most of their functions.

As Minor Treasures influenced living beings, only fusing with Minor Treasures in line with his power set was beneficial. Hence, Virala refrained from grabbing any Minor Treasures from Brandal Brimgan.

Now, Orakha was using them to improve the Golden Giant's functions. Soon, he added the thirteenth Minor Treasure in the newly made eye on the Golden Giant. The carving was done by changing the influence within the Golden Giant to birth the eye while in the presence of his Mystic Eaters.

One after another, as new eyes were created, he added in Minor Treasures, watching the potency of the influence within the Golden Giant increase exponentially, causing Brandal Brimgan's body to mutate in response.

A synchronous effect was being generated between the two as Orakha watched in excitement. Once this gets completed, he would be able to make the power of the Major Treasure of Deity exclusive to himself.



Chapter 506 Boul Brimgan’s Might

﻿﻿Dralh Sea, Abyss Fall!

The inverted waterfall gushing out of it like a geyser trickled down to a thousandth of its original volume, all thanks to the Attributed Region swallowing all streams of water in the part of the continent.

Eventually, water from other areas would pour into the deficit and recover the region's water levels, but it would be a slow process. And there was also a chance of this deficit leading to the desertification of the region.

Only time will tell. In Sumatra Chronicles, the Attributed Region finished forming naturally. Therefore, the water consumed by it was naturally supplied from all across the continent and trickled into the region naturally, especially through mammoth water bodies such as the Red-Draft River.

As a result, the region's functions were maintained without any issues. However, due to Orakha's actions, the Attributed Region ended up voraciously swallowing all the water bodies in the region, causing drought to form everywhere.

The air began to slowly dry up in response. If the water from the other regions trickles into this region fast enough, the drought will vanish. But if the drought were to take effect, then the region's ecosystem would collapse.

"A Major Treasure?" Geugeu stared in the direction of the Brimgan Empire, able to make out the pillar of light unleashed by the Major Treasure of Attribute, feeling the energy pulses emitted by the latter.

"Was that the cause?" He couldn't understand the reason behind the Dralh Sea drying up but could judge that the Major Treasure was behind it. What puzzled him was why it happened only now, since the Major Treasure should have been there for tens of thousands of years.

Why did it suck in all the water just now?

"Something major is happening. We're going to check it." He passed down the command as the 38 Empyrean Snappers positioned at the Abyss Ring began to move.

The ground underneath them acted like water to form a wave and pushed them forward like a boat, allowing them to travel at a decent pace. Once they left the Abyss Ring, the group of 38 Empyrean Snappers assumed a delta formation similar to migratory birds, using it to lessen the individual load as the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination unleashed by the collective increased in potency.

Soon, the group was travelling at a pace superior to the top speed attainable by an Empyrean Snapper. Seated in a stone house on the peak of the 1st Empyrean Snapper, Geugeu gazed in worry, "What do you think?"

[I fear something massive is about to happen!]

The 1st Empyrean Snapper expressed mild fear. Unlike Empyrean Tusks who were migratory in nature, Empyrean Snappers seldom moved. As a result, they weren't welcoming towards changes, especially drastic ones such as the drying up of all water bodies abruptly.

It had happened in a matter of minutes, the speed terrifying. The Cooter Clan was unable to do anything and could only watch helplessly.

"Grrr!"

"Kikikkiii!"

"Kyonk!"

All the marine Pranic Beasts native to the Dralh Sea suffered the loss of their habitat, struggling to survive. Geugeu noticed the Clumped Fingers were the first to figure out a solution. They simply used their Primary Nature of Imprison to encase their bodies with a layer of minerals to form a shell.

This transformed them into an appearance similar to a clam that was in the shape of a hand. With this protective shell, they wouldn't lose any moisture retained in their bodies. It would buy them enough time.

Even though it had weakened a lot, water was still gushing out of the Abyss Fall. So, at least the Dralh Sea would recover over time. The Clumped Fingers would be able to survive as long as they managed to hold on for long enough.

As long as they rationed their Prana consumption, they'd be able to hold out for a couple of years, which was more than enough time for the Dralh Sea to recover to a liveable condition, with all aquatic plant life growing back by then.

Those with the means like the Clumped Fingers protected themselves while the rest rushed towards the Abyss Fall. Even though facing the suicidal swarm of Phells was dangerous, it was better than withering out in the water-less region of the Dralh Sea.

And with the Cooter Clan moving out of the Abyss Ring, they had room to occupy and establish their territory. Water was steadily filling up the Abyss Ring, so it was somewhat liveable there.

At present, Abyss Ring was no different from the Lotus Range after the water in the Dralh Sea had receded. Or rather, it was even taller. Even the spots on the Abyss Ring occupied by the Empyrean Snappers were around two kilometres above the shallower parts of the seabed.

So, it was a race for these Pranic Beasts. Had Geugeu not had the presence of mind to make decisions promptly, the Empyrean Snappers would have gotten stuck on the Abyss Ring. It would take them significant effort to climb down while carrying massive mountains on their backs.

Without Internal Inertial Gravity, the Spirit Pools on their backs would spill out once their bodies tilt. Thankfully, the Empyrean Snappers had used the receding water levels to reach the seabed in advance.

And now, they sped towards the Brimgan Empire, ignoring the swarm of Bludders from the Guna Caves that took advantage of the situation to invade the Dralh Sea.

As the Pranic Beasts native to the Dralh Sea rushed past the Abyss Ring, readying themselves to plunge into the water within and face death battles against the Phells, they noticed a strange radiance from the Abyss Fall.

A couple of seconds later, a bullet-shaped container acting as a boat rushed out of it, covered by rotating spikes that shredded apart the bodies of the Phells that came in contact with it. The bullet-shaped boat was easily able to tank their attacks as it slammed into the water, unleashing a powerful thrust through its turbine to speed forward.

Its entire body was aerodynamic enough and acted as a turbine to propel itself forward. Seated within it, expressing nervousness was Boul Brimgan, 'Mother wouldn't have recalled me back unless the Brimgan Empire is facing a crisis. I hope I'm not too late.'

Followed by a powerful thrust, his bullet-shaped boat leapt out of the Abyss Ring, stunned to see a deserted landscape filled with desperate-to-survive Pranic Beasts. As his bullet-shaped boat free fell, he retracted it and watched the place, clicking his tongue upon noticing the pillar of light in the direction of the Brimgan Empire, "A Major Treasure existed right at our doorstep?"

"Then," He clicked his tongue in frustration, "Why did I have to waste so much time outside? I could have started with it. Though, it was thanks to them that I managed to complete most of my objectives."

A massive suspension system-rigged wheel appeared underneath his boat as it slammed into the ground. The suspension system absorbed all the shockwaves from the impact, preventing Buol Brimgan from feeling even the mildest discomfort.

A couple of seconds later, once the suspension system recovered from the fall, the wheel spun rapidly carrying it forth. It was now a unicycle, actuated through his psychokinesis. Buol Brimgan had perfected the steering and suspension system over his journey and, as a result able to move without issues.

The bullet-shaped compartment spanned a length of three metres and had a diameter of two metres. It was large enough for him to be seated comfortably. Attached underneath it was a suspension system, connecting the compartment to a wheel with a diameter of 20 metres.

Upon seeing a hill before him, Boul Brimgan seeped his Prana, causing the suspension system to release all its elastic potential, resulting in his vehicle leaping high enough to cross the hill. In this way, he was able to manoeuvre through all terrain without losing speed, while at comfort.

And when a Pranic Beast targeted him? A golden feline pounced upon the target and tore it into pieces, behaving no different from a living being. It was what he gained upon reaching the end of Gold Kinesis Art, the first in Brimgan Royal history.

In Sumatra Chronicles, he continued to explore even after this point, intending to return only after elevating Gold Kinesis Art to the Mystic Grade, which was one of his objectives. Sadly, he loses his life at Armoury—the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Weapon—after somehow managing to infiltrate it before the region revealed itself.

Even now, he had just exited Sanctuary—the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Pet. As it was massive, he was exploring the place while gaining valuable data, using which he had grown enormously. A genius and one of the strongest on the continent he might be, but even he couldn't avoid death in a region influenced by a Major Treasure.

And now, thanks to the ripple effect, he avoided death upon being summoned by his mother to the Brimgan Empire prematurely. Boul Brimgan continued to control his vehicle while the golden feline protected him from harm.

"It's performing better than my expectations." He smiled upon seeing it, for it was the product of his life's accumulations, one attained by Gold Kinesis Art hitting its pinnacle refinement.

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!



Chapter 507 Kinesis Feline

﻿﻿When a Spirit Weapon is refined to its absolute limit, it becomes a Minor Treasure. That was the pinnacle of Gold Kinesis Art, a cultivation technique dedicated to the refinement of a Spirit Weapon.

A 10-Life Stage cultivator with Iron or Silver Grade strength would have to fail in becoming a Transcendent. And if a portion of their body survives the Bolt of Transcendence, it will become a Minor Treasure.

A cultivator had to reach the pinnacle stage possible for cultivation in order to have a small chance of becoming a Minor Treasure, with the major player deciding its creation being the Bolt of Transcendence.

The fact that Gold Kinesis Art could safely refine a Minor Treasure was simply absurd. However, it was why no other Brimgan Royal managed to gain a Secondary Nature, for they simply didn't live long enough after attaining the 10-Life Stage to finish refining their Spirit Weapon enough to birth a Secondary Nature.

Only after hitting the 10-Life Stage did Gold Kinesis Art gain the necessary power to begin making preparations to create a Minor Treasure as the cultivator's Secondary Nature. That was a condition, and only after obtaining his Secondary Nature did Boul Brimgan figure it out.

None of his predecessors had enough lifespan remaining by the time they reached the 10-Life Stage. But, the fact that something like this was possible spoke volumes of the foresight possessed by the Brimgan Founder.

As the Brimgan Empire was established on a land blessed with resources, with Kirenal being present in abundance, enough Rutham could be produced for someone to reach the 10-Life Stage. It meant the possibility of refining a Secondary Nature existed, and hence the way Gold Kinesis Art had been created.

The cultivation technique, the abundance of resources, and the Golden Giant were all plans created in order to lay down a deeper foundation for the Brimgan Empire. The Brimgan Founder alone wasn't a genius.

It had plenty of geniuses over its long history, with each of them contributing in some way. And one of them succeeded in becoming the Major Treasure of Deity. Another descendant figured out a way to use its influence to create the Golden Giant. All these efforts were the reason behind this Empire's continued existence throughout countless eras.

Boul Brimgan was the genius of this era who represented the Brimgan Empire. Once he managed to sneak into the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Pet, also called the Sanctuary, Boul Brimgan spent time there researching while braving the dangers there.

Sneaking into a region influenced by a Major Treasure wasn't impossible. The Golden Giant had large vacant places that could be used to enter it. As it was just forming, there were plenty of 'entrances' into its interior.

The Attributed Region had been completed long ago. It was just collecting influence and water for the final touches. As a result, it couldn't be infiltrated.

There was still close to a century for the Major Treasure of Pet to reveal itself. Thereby, it probably had a minor crack that hadn't been completed and made part of the Sanctuary yet. Boul Brimgan managed to not only find it but also sneaked into the Sanctuary through it.

He does the same to the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Weapon, also called the Armoury. But Weapon appeared around forty years from Attribute. Meaning, the crack in its influenced region was even smaller.

Boul Brimgan gets trapped inside and when he commits a mistake, he dies. That was how he went off in Sumatra Chronicles. But now, he would become active in the Brimgan Empire's affairs.

Minor Treasure—Kinesis Feline!

It was the Minor Treasure created by his Secondary Nature. Influenced by the Sanctuary, Kinesis Feline was a Spirit Weapon that behaved no different from a Pranic Beast. It had its own senses, capable of seeing, hearing, feeling, smelling, and tasting things.

It could then share everything its senses picked up with Boul Brimgan. Even though it could only roam around in his Spirit Weapon range, it was better to rely on it for detection than using Prana detection means. Its body was made using Rutham and refined to its absolute peak. And hence, it could tank powerful hits.

The Kinesis Feline behaved like a portable battery for Prana, containing 3601 Prana, the lowermost limit for a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Once Boul Brimgan charges it, he could use this stored Prana for emergencies.

Otherwise, the Kinesis Feline would use it to perform all its actions. With intelligence on par with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, it was capable of thinking and taking action on its own, needing no mental control from Boul Brimgan.

As long as he gives minimal mental inputs, the Kinesis Feline would act as instructed, deciding on its volition. The greatest aspect of this Minor Treasure is the fact that it wouldn't take up a slot for controlling a Spirit Weapon even if Boul Brimgan were to move its body around through psychokinesis.

Basically, the efficiency of his psychokinesis wouldn't drop when he controls a Kinesis Feline alongside a Spirit Weapon. This was what made it terrifying. Currently, Boul Brimgan only had two Kinesis Felines.

Every body of his could refine a Kinesis Feline. So, at his peak, he would be able to control ten Kinesis Felines.

As the water in the Dralh Sea, Vrumsh Channel, and Brimgan Sea had been absorbed by the Attributed Region, this path was the safest, as the marine Pranic Beasts native to them were busy trying to survive.

They didn't have the strength or intention to fight him, especially upon sensing his Gold Grade presence that was revealed in full display. His Kinesis Feline was capable of dealing with any stray attacks as Boul Brimgan focused on heading towards the Brimgan Empire as quickly as possible, staring at the goosebumps on his skin from time to time, worried, "Shit!"

The strength behind the goosebumps was erratically increasing, meaning that his mother was repeatedly summoning him, "Just what is happening there?"

A few minutes earlier in the Brimgan Empire's Capital City, Harla Brimgan exited the palace, donned in her Royal battle gown that had been refined for centuries using Rutham. She stared at the group before her and announced, "The Attribute revealed itself earlier than predictions. But it's fine. We're prepared. Without further ado, let us proceed!"

There was an entrance that had appeared sixty kilometres from the Capital, positioned in the Northern Lakes that was bereft of water now.

"Please be careful, mother." Bronsk Brimgan said respectfully as he brought out a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a ship. The group accompanying Harla Brimgan boarded it as Bronsk Brimgan used psychokinesis to send it away.

He had personally taken action to ensure they'd save travel time. Anyway, once they leave his Spirit Weapon range, they'd have to move on their own. So, every second saved was every second of an advantage they could get.

"Have the orders been passed?" Bronsk Brimgan stared at his attendant.

"Yes, Your Majesty." The attendant bowed in response, "The teams posted all across the region have begun moving towards the entrances. We have people across all entrances."

"Good, ensure we gain possession of all the keys from the Tenth Layer." Bronsk Brimgan announced as he observed his retainers make a move spontaneously, "Keep me posted on everything. I need to be updated in real time. If there are any delays in the news, I'll behead everyone in the Information Department."

"Yes, Your Majesty!"

Soon, the ship he was controlling reached the end of his Spirit Range and stopped. The people on board it jumped out immediately.

"Shall I, Your Majesty?" Amita Brimgan asked Harla Brimgan, immediately condensing a cloudy platform in response as everyone boarded it. One of their team members condensed a turbine that generated thrust to move the cloudy platform forward.

As the cloudy platform could hover about the ground, it faced no friction from the ground. travelling using it consumed the least amount of Prana, and hence was selected by them.

"Your Majesty was wise to group up the teams and keep them stationed months in advance." A retainer bowed towards Harla Brimgan.

"It's nothing." Harla Brimgan waved coolly as she watched the entrance draw near, observing people from a Northern Lake City had sneaked inside.

"Shall I…?" A retainer asked, subtly making a motion to convey his intention of silencing those that had sneaked into the Attributed Region.

"It wouldn't be called as the region influenced by a Major Treasure if your average cultivator could freely explore it." Harla Brimgan said without a change in tone, hearing bloodcurdling screams from the entrance. The ones that entered didn't even live for a minute.

"Move," She spoke with authority and waved her hand, causing the rest of the terrified citizens to slide to the side through the effects of External Inertial Gravity, smiling in content as she stared at her right hand, 'This is by far my greatest investment. There's no Minor Treasure as good as this.'

As Harla Brimgan took a step in the entrance though, her right hand stopped, failing to budge despite her best efforts.

'Shit! What's he up to now?' Amita became nervous as she subtly nudged Dhya, telling her to sever Harla Brimgan's right arm upon cue, 'Why is Resha acting up now? I thought he planned to keep hiding until we reached the First Layer.'



Chapter 508 Help Me, Resha

?"Y-You…why are you targeting me?" Yarsha Zahara was no longer able to focus on Virala, the entirety of her attention now trailing upon Orakha. She was too stunned to process her thoughts properly.

Sumatra Gold, the sole Mystic Grade mineral to exist on Sumatra Continent. It was knowledge that hardly anyone other than Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts possessed. Even the Brimgan Empire only had trace records related to it. Other than its name, they didn't have much idea about it either.

The Brimgan Ancestor who fused with the Sumatra Gold only left behind some notes. Whether that was for a reason or not was unknown. It could only be speculated. Though, when she came to learn more about Sumatra Gold, Yarsha Zahara realised with the Brimgan Empire's obsession with recording everything, they wouldn't have forgotten about such a valuable mineral.

Probably after the Brimgan Ancestor died, the Mystic Tentacle of that era or the succeeding era erased all information regarding Sumatra Gold from the Brimgan Empire's records. When she gave such a hypothesis to the Boar King, the latter acknowledged that her chances of being right were close to a guarantee.

Hence, when information about Sumatra Gold was such a closely protected secret, how did Orakha know about it? That wasn't all. He was able to specifically target them from her Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern.

Targeting a Minor Treasure alone was hard, but managing to steal an item stored inside? She was unable to gather her bearings, fully in a state of fluster. In a hurry, she moved her Spirit Weapon close to her body, screaming as a Mystic Eater jumped through her stomach and held another piece of Sumatra Gold in its mouth.

Her Human Avatar only covered her fingers. So, unless she were to touch the Mystic Eaters with her finger, she wouldn't be able to counter them.

For some reason, all the Satellites and Comets she was counting upon failed to activate, deprived of Prana. Yarsha Zahara was forced to use the Satellites and Comets stored in her fourth Minor Treasure of Lunchbox to defend against Orakha.

Only with it was she able to prevent him from stealing all her Sumatra Gold already.

"You're asking his identity?" Virala laughed from the side, clearly enjoying the situation. After all, with Yarsha Zahara kept in check by Orakha, Virala had a rather comfortable time evading the Wean Tribe siblings. They were slower than him.

With his Mystic Grade brain, Virala was easily able to compute their body language, paths, actions, etc., and evade them easily. From time to time, he picked the Satellites on the ground and munched upon them.

Whether it was his Empyrean Boar King body or the Mystic Ewworm body, both were capable of digesting all forms of organic matter, that too in a matter of minutes. As these Satellites were created by Yarsha Zahara, they were highly nutritious and valuable for his growth.

So, he was taking his time to consume them while enraging the six Empyrean Boars before him. He was simply buying time until the raid team arrived here.

Since the Attribute had revealed itself, they no longer had any qualms about killing Yarsha Zahara and her children. After all, they calculated being able to obtain the Attribute within a month. And it took a month for the Boar King to arrive from the Gaja Enclave.

This was information that Brandal Brimgan had extracted from Virala in the Golden Giant. And over the years, they verified it through repeated observations and calculations. The Brimgan Empire wasn't simply leaving everything to chance and going all-in using one source of information.

Virala was aware that other reincarnates would be stirring up their stuff too. And since they all were planning to ensure the Boar King wouldn't arrive on time, whatever information they had leaked to the Brimgan Empire would keep this information untampered.

'They're almost here.' Virala smirked upon sensing powerful presences that even he was threatened by. And obviously, they were equipped with Nature Weapons using his power. So, he was aware of their identities and abilities.

Having comprehended all of Brandal Brimgan's memories, Virala knew what would happen next and hence was simply waiting for it to transpire. Even though he was pressured upon seeing Inala enter the Attributed Region while accompanied by Asaeya and six Empyrean Tusks, he was confident of his plans.

Moreover, upon recalling the gaze directed at him by the six Empyrean Tusks, Virala knew that if he were to follow them now, he'd be ganged upon and destroyed. Not only did he shed his identity as a Mammoth Clansman but had also assumed the Boar King's appearance—even if it was a smaller version of his Empyrean Boar King form.

It was absolutely normal to receive the Empyrean Tusks' wrath. 'Man, so Gannala wasn't simply living in human form to hide. She has the Nature of Cultivator. I wonder what Inala did to help her obtain that. As someone who began to tread the same path, I can't even begin to make sense of what he did to achieve it.'

He was honestly impressed by Inala's actions. But, that was it. He wouldn't allow it to interfere with his choices. Virala was ready to kill Inala with the cruellest methods possible when necessary. And the more he understood Inala's path, the greater he treated the latter as a threat.

"You're here," Virala raised his hand and waved at a group of twenty that landed on the inner rocky pillar in Varahan Mansion. A moment upon their arrival, the rocky pillar crumbled, losing the suppression effect it had been unleashing on all intruders until now.

The raid team was obviously prepared for the situation. Even without Brandal Brimgan to take the lead, they were ready, equipped with at least one Minor Treasure, and armed with three Natures each.

"You…Loot!" The leader of the Raid Team, Fstoll Brimgan glared in shock upon seeing Virala revert to human form, "How the heck did you escape?"

"His Majesty set me here," Virala said and emitted his presence, "Do you feel anything?"

"You…" Fstoll Brimgan was able to sense the presence of a Free Human from Virala, something purer and refined than all Free Humans.

"Anyway, I came here for this child." Virala pointed at the cradle carried by his tail and eyed Yarsha Zahara, "Her latest child isn't an Empyrean Boar but a Free Human. She was born with 100 Prana. And something that I became after countless experiments and with Brandal Brimgan's relentless efforts is what she possesses by birth."

"A Mystic Human." He said with a solemn tone, smirking upon noticing Yarsha Zahara looking at him in shock. He then stared at her and grinned, "You thought she was merely a gifted Free Human, right? But no, she became what you failed to become, the pinnacle of the Free Human race."

"Are you…serious?" Yarsha Zahara said, realising that even if she wanted to refute Virala's claims, she was able to instinctively feel it, 'So this was what husband was going for.'

"We'll need to take you into custody." Fstoll Brimgan said and landed before Virala, "You'll be treated as an enemy if you resist."

"Oh, don't worry, I have no plans to." Virala said casually and then evaded Barla's attack to flee behind Fstoll Brimgan, "Just protect me from them, alright?"

"My only task was to retrieve this child."

"Hmm," Fstoll Brimgan didn't say anything else and took custody of the cradle, nodding upon seeing Virala's lack of resistance. He gave the cradle to two members of his Raid Team, "Bring her to His Majesty the Emperor."

He then glared at Yarsha, "Eighteen of us are too much to handle these kids."

They were all at the 9-Life Stage and had been alive for close to a millennium, with each being the leader of a branch family and a Minister. Now, they had all transferred their position to their kids to be part of the Raid Team.

Fstoll Brimgan alone was more than enough to kill everyone at the scene and still have strength to spare. With a thought, Prana condensed to form heavy bolts that drilled into the bodies of all six Empyrean Boars, stopping them in their tracks.

He then grinned towards Yarsha Zahara, performing the same to her legs, torso, and elbow, "You're able to gain control of my ability only if your Human Avatar comes into contact with it. We've seen it enough times by now. Even if you use that Minor Treasure with the Boar King's power, we can easily neutralise you."

"You'll be interrogated first before being killed. So, prepare yourself mentally. That's the least I can do for you as a fellow Free Human. As for these…" Fstoll glared at Barla and her siblings, gathering Prana in his hand in order to kill them immediately.

As a Free Human supremacist, seeing Ravaged Tribesmen triggered him, for it signalled humans that had submitted to the rule of Pranic Beasts.

'No!' Yarsha Zahara activated all of the Boar King's power in her remaining Minor Treasures of Lunchbox, despairing to see the Raid Team systematically counter them. Desperate, she poured all her Prana into the Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell, shouting, "Please, save us! Dear! Please! Hurry!"

Her eyes suddenly became dazed as she muttered under her breath, experiencing a strange influx of memories, "Help me,"

In response to her shout, time seemed to have halted for a moment, as everyone felt the air becoming still, reverberating an eerie sensation through their spines as everyone at Varahan Mansion froze up for a moment.

"Haha…fuck!" Orakha chuckled nervously upon hearing the name Yarsha Zahara uttered as he stared at the sky, "How the fuck did he come here?"

In the absolute silence, Yarsha Zahara's weak utter resounded in the ears, "Resha!"

Intense gravity slammed into the bodies of everyone. An instant later, like a bolt of lightning, a buff man landed before Yarsha Zahara. Only then did time seem to have resumed for everyone.



Chapter 509 Fuck This World

?Attributed Region Entrance 14!

Ten minutes earlier, right as Harla Brimgan was about to enter the entrance, Resha felt goosebumps on his skin, confused in response. A moment later, he recalled the familiarity, 'Isn't this the summons from the Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell?'

'How come…this is possible?' He felt that the one calling him was at Fentan City, and their presence was someone he had never expected to detect in the Brimgan Empire, 'Yarsha Zahara? How is she here?'

In Sumatra Chronicles, Yarsha Zahara would currently be busy trying to survive after all her comrades ended up getting killed in the wilds. There was still a while before she became active and interacted with Free Human Kingdoms and Empires.

The Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell was something she was given by a Kingdom after she helped the elites there gain a Secondary Nature. After her Kingdom was destroyed by the Boar King, Yarsha Zahara spent all her time trying to kill him.

The first task of that was to strengthen herself, which she did by equipping Minor Treasures onto herself. To gain them, she traded with Free Human Kingdoms and allowed all major players there to gain a Secondary Nature. The price was a Minor Treasure each.

In this manner, while strengthening Free Human powers, she gained more power and also satisfied her objective of turning the common populace of each region antagonistic to the Boar King.

During the Third Major Disaster when she encounters Resha, she uses the power of the Summoning Bell on him, intending to request his assistance when the situation turns dire for her. She never used it in a serious situation but rather relied upon it to communicate with Resha and meet up with him secretly while avoiding the eyes of Yahira.

Hence, as he had experienced its effects multiple times, he recognised her calling for him immediately. However, unlike in his previous life, the summons was weak and disconnected this time, as if he wasn't her intended target.

But no matter, upon sensing that Yarsha Zahara was in danger, Resha no longer had to mood to go ahead with his infiltration plan, 'It can go to shit for all I care. I have other means to reach the centre the fastest.'

With that in mind, he unleashed the effects of External Inertial Gravity, intending to send everyone at the scene flying away.

"Now!" Amita shouted as Wittral promptly condensed a chakram and severed Harla Brimgan's right hand.

Harla Brimgan was about to condense a Spirit Weapon and defend against the attack, for at her cultivation, her reaction levels were staggering. She was confused why Amita would target her all of a sudden, but upon noticing something was amiss in her right hand, she didn't resist and watched Wittral's Spirit Weapon sever her right hand.

Suddenly, the entire team noticed that they had been sent flying into the air, failing to react as they didn't experience any shockwaves. They had been smoothly sent high into the sky without realisation.

"Thank you," Harla Brimgan said as she rapidly healed her right hand, watching her severed hand on the ground morph into the figure of Resha.

"Now, fall!" Resha clenched his hand into a fist and pulled them towards himself, intending to crash them into the ground, grinning as their figures continued to accelerate and form vapour cones, burning up in response.

Boom!

Dust clouds were raised from the impact as multiple craters formed on the ground, "Hmm?"

"I thought that would have killed them at least once." Resha frowned as he noticed the dust cloud morph into a hemisphere, condensing with power. He grunted and unleashed External Inertial Gravity, intending to send them flying into the walls of the Northern Lake nearby.

As the effects of gravity slammed into the hemisphere, it was blocked, stunning him. And a moment later, boulders flew at him with tremendous speeds, 'This is?'

The ground cracked as formed waves that slammed into him, intending to drown him. Steadily, a layer of dirt began to accumulate on his body, intending to imprison him. 'This familiar sequence of attacks…'

He transformed into a Centinger and used the expansion of his body to break through the forming prison. Right as he was about to attack, he sensed the summons from Yarsha growing stronger, quickly making up his mind to leave.

'Leap, don't fly!' He craned strength into his legs upon recalling the Mammoth Ancestor's advice and focused External Inertial Gravity's effects on the tip of the walls of a Northern Lake, building up strength, ready to pull himself.

He leapt, using the pull to slingshot himself into the air, using his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 to transform into a Zinger and rapidly gained altitude. He then craned his head downward to glare in the direction of the dust hemisphere that vanished now, noticing a woman glare at him, 'This makes no sense.'

That woman's gaze was no different from Wittral's. No, it was even more focused and refined than him, bursting with power superior to the Wittral from his past life, 'Wittral was a man. But this defender is a woman. What the fuck is happening? Why is her presence darn similar to Wittral?'

His thoughts were interrupted by a golden flash that slammed into him. Resha used gravity to repel himself from the Spirit Weapon, using its momentum to build up his own and accelerate further. He repeated that a few more times until he had exceeded Harla Brimgan's Spirit Weapon range, watching the latter explode with murderous intent. "What are you looking at?"

His gaze hardened as he glared at the group that had survived his attack, ready to fight them. But the gazes from two woman in the group puzzled him. 'One feels similar to Wittral while the other resembles…Inala.'

"Forget it, I'll look into it later." He said as his expression turned serious, sensing the Boar King accelerating towards the Brimgan Empire, "He's already at the 3-Life Stage? Fine! I'm stronger now. I'll kill you this time."

In a few minutes, he glided towards Fentan City, observing the figure of Yarsha Zahara being targeted by Virala, Orakha, and the group of eighteen Free Humans part of the Raid Team. "Haa…these parasitic bastards!"

Resha exhaled once before bloodlust welled up in him, 'They dare target even Yarsha?'

Primary Nature—Perfect Inertial Gravity!

Resha unleashed a force of gravity that slammed into Varahan Mansion and targeted the attacks, stunning them for a moment. With the complete activation of his Primary Nature, Resha bent space around him, becoming no different from a celestial object, akin to a small moon as he glided downward, accelerating in response.

He pulled himself closer to the ground and slammed hard, cratering Varahan Mansion, landing right before Yarsha Zahara. Gravitational waves pulsed out of him in such a manner they ensured she didn't feel the slightest from the impact. As for the rest, they felt the full brunt of the attack, including Yarsha Zahara's children.

Since they were in their Empyrean Boar forms, Resha didn't hold back against them, his gaze cold as he watched them sustain grave injuries in response.

"You…" Yarsha Zahara stared at his back in a daze, drowning in nostalgia as she clutched her head in pain, feeling memories surge into her mind. And then, she heard a familiar voice, one that caused her heart rate to accelerate in response.

"You're safe now, Yarsha," Resha said and extended his left hand horizontally, unleashing a powerful gravitational pull as the cradle carrying Ruvva flew into his possession. His arms grew in weight as he pried open the cradle and took out the baby, stunned to see her resemble Ruvva.

The presence of everyone at Varahan Mansion was clearly registered in his senses. If he still failed to realise what was happening, then he would be an absolute idiot.

The six Empyrean Boars he had swatted away not only had a tinge of the Boar King's presence but also Yarsha Zahara's, indicating to be children produced from the union of the two. The shattered cradle was Virala's Spirit Weapon.

And the child within not only had Ruvva's presence but also had traces of Virala's and Yarsha Zahara's, an indicator that she was born from the union of the two of them. As his mind reached this line of thought, Resha assumed for a moment that he was in a nightmare.

Only for an instant though, for he was aware that this was reality. And then, his face twisted up grandly, in disgust, in rage, in bloodthirst, in sadness, in blinding, terrifying, uncontrollable rage, Rage, RAGE!

Upon seeing the name of Varahan Mansion engraved on the house in the centre, Resha unleashed a gravitational field and turned the region into rubble. The boulders became rocks and rocks became dust.

Gravity was twisting and turning dozens of times in every cubic unit, absolutely shredding apart everything as Resha was losing his mind. And then, the region became silent for a couple of seconds, following which a tornado formed, intending to destroy everyone and everything.

Thunder reverberated amidst the tornado as a vexed roar from Resha boomed across it, "Fuck this World!"



Chapter 510 Future Sight on Yarsha

﻿﻿"Noo! Mom! Dad! Everyone!" Yarsha Zahara screamed as a team of cultivators carried her out of the Zahara Kingdom in a desperate hurry while a raging Empyrean Boar King destroyed her home.

"You…bastard! I'll kill you! I'll kill you!" Yarsha Zahara glared at the Empyrean Boar King, shedding blood from her eyes, having gone insane from rage.

…

"Your Highness, I can no longer accompany you on your mission." Her closest confidant lay stabbed into a tree, missing his lower body, not having enough Prana to regenerate his body.

"No, no! No! NO!" Yarsha Zahara surged whatever Prana remained in her Spirit Container into the confidant, staring helplessly as the latter breathed her last. She collapsed to the ground in exhaustion and stared around, observing that she was alone.

The last of her people had died.

…

"What a monster…!" Upon returning to the Zahara Kingdom one day, Yarsha Zahara stared at the ruins. Nothing was left intact in the wake of the Boar King's casual rampage.

Slowly, she approached the palace and began to scoop through the rubble, soon able to see the crushed head of someone, screaming mournfully, "Dad! DAD!"

"Why? Just why did you attack my home?" She broke down mentally. Her family, friends, colleagues, the people she vowed to protect as their future ruler, and finally, her entire Kingdom, were no more.

The Zahara Kingdom's history had been brought to a halt here. All its records had been destroyed, making it easy for its existence to be forgotten. The day Yarsha Zahara dies is when the Zahara Kingdom ceases to exist.

…

"You, you, all of you, support me. And in return, I'll give you power!" Yarsha Zahara spoke at a rally, giving a speech to empower the people of a Kingdom, "I'll improve your cultivation techniques and grant you a Secondary Nature. In this treacherous Sumatra, we'll survive and excel towards an era of Human Supremacy!"

"Are you with me?" She roared, hiding her sadness under a veil as she observed the crowd roar in response, "Again! Are you with me?"

"Yes!"

"Are you with me?"

"Yes!"

"Kill the Pranic Beasts!" She roared.

"Kill the Pranic Beasts!" The crowd echoed her roar, revving up in magnitude.

"Down with the Boar King!" She shouted until her face reddened.

"Down with the Boar King!"

…

"You're safe now." While being chased by a group of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, Resha arrived to her rescue.

"Thank you for protecting me." Yarsha Zahara said as her eyes narrowed upon sensing a Major Treasure in Resha, 'This'll work.'

"Can I get your name?" She asked next, her every action a calculated response.

"I'm Resha," Resha responded, stunned by her beauty as he had a clear view of her.

…

"This fucking woman is fooling you, Resha!" Yahira spat in Yarsha Zahara's direction as she attacked Resha, "How long will you remain a dumbass? She's not a fragile maiden as she claims to be!"

"She has suffered, Yahira. I just wish to help her." Resha argued, not defending against her attacks.

"She's stronger than me!" Yahira said in frustration as she grabbed a bone knife and stabbed Resha, "What part of that do you not understand? Do you want to be stabbed? Is that it?"

…

"Can you not satisfy even this small wish of mine?" Yarsha Zahara expressed absolute helplessness, displaying her fragile being to its fullest before Resha, "Don't you have it in you to give me hope?"

"But, Yahira is the woman I love." Resha remained adamant but was unable to make eye contact with her, lacking the strength to turn her down.

'Almost there.' Yarsha Zahara smiled subtly and continued with her act of being fragile and weak before Resha.

…

"How…is this making sense?" Yarsha Zahara stared at the Major Treasure of Weapon in disbelief as even after touching it, she was unable to make it a part of her, "Why can't I obtain it?"

"Is this the problem?" She eventually figured it out, despairing in response, "Since my Human Avatar is at the Silver Grade, I cannot fuse with a Major Treasure. Is that it?"

"Gold Grade strength…" She sighed, despondent, "Where will I go for that?"

Staring at the sky, she sighed, "Mom! Dad! I'm not sure if I'm able to kill the Boar King in this lifetime."

"No, there's still a way." She muttered as her eyes turned cold.

…

"Thank you, Yarsha." Resha gasped in exhaustion as he obtained the Major Treasure of Weapon, "It would have been impossible to get this without your help…"

His body froze up when Yarsha Zahara hugged him from the back, noticing her crane up her neck and kiss him on the cheek.

"I…want your child." Yarsha Zahara said and made her move. With how much she had been planning, Resha was unable to refuse her.

…

"You…CONNIVING BITCH!" Yahira roared as she rained down attacks on Yarsha Zahara, raging in frustration as her attacks were perfectly countered by the latter.

"You do realise that I haven't killed you only because I don't want to make Resha sad, right?" Yarsha Zahara as her Reactive Jade Human Avatar had fully adapted to counter Yahira's power, casually transforming Yahira's attacks into form that harmed her best before reflecting them onto her.

"Farewell, Yahira." Yarsha Zahara waved her hand, "I have achieved my purpose. So, let's not encounter each other in the future."

'I have all the data held by the Mammoth Clan and now, I bear a child who carries the essence of two Major Treasures.' She thought and patted her belly, 'This child of mine will grow up to become the strongest Free Human.'

"If you still behave like this towards me if in the chance we encounter in the future, I'll kill you, Yahira." Yarsha Zahara evaded Yahira's attacks and eventually managed to make her escape, her words cold as she stopped at a secluded spot and clenched her hand into a fist, done with her preparations, "I'll kill you, Boar King."

"I'll kill you, without fail."

"No matter what, I'll be the one to rip your body to shreds!"

…

'These are all…my past life?' Yarsha Zahara clenched her head in pain as a massive stream of information flooded her mind. And hovering behind the cluster of information in her mind space was the outline of Renduldu, the latest Mystic Empyrean Tentacle to have appeared on Sumatra Continent.

When Resha's Prana made contact with her own, her Human Avatar made out of Sumatra Gold reacted promptly and managed to absorb the effects of future sight used on Resha. As a result, she was able to access her past life, something that shouldn't have been possible.

The parents of the Seven Mystic Paths were able to gain the memories of their time on earth moments before their deaths due to the side effects of future sight. Originally, they weren't supposed to recall that.

But as the future sight cast by Renduldu wasn't perfect, such side-effects were normal. And it was a calculated risk he had taken.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Yarsha Zahara was by far the most important person to Resha. Even though the woman he loved was Yahira, he was helpless about the fact that he considered Yarsha Zahara to be his most important.

It was why he was unable to refuse her initiative, even though he was a stubborn individual who refrained from even entertaining the thought of approaching another woman.

As for the relationship, Yarsha Zahara bore Resha's child. Hence, the bond between them was strong enough for future sight's side-effects to flow into Yarsha Zahara. Had she been the same as in Sumatra Chronicles, she still wouldn't have been able to recall her past.

All she would feel would be mild pangs of nostalgia towards Resha and would feel hesitation whenever she thought of harming him or supporting the Boar King. But that was it.

However, thanks to the properties of Sumatra Gold, the effects of future sight were enhanced and stabilised in her, allowing her to recall her entire past life. And then, she turned mad. 'I…started a family with the one that killed everyone I cared about?'

'No, this isn't true! Those are just memories! My family, colleagues, and my Zahara Kingdom are intact. We've become significantly prosperous now thanks to the Boar King's support.' She clutched her head, unable to figure out what she wanted anymore.

Her reality was of this life, one where she was pretty blessed. Her Kingdom was growing stronger day by day, she had the strongest existence on Sumatra who was smitten with her and did his very best to cater to all her needs, and she herself was building a Human Avatar out of Sumatra Gold, having the potential to be on par with the Boar King once she reaches the peak of the Body Stage.

So, she couldn't allow her past life's horrors to implicate her. But she was currently in her thirties. The memories of her past life stretched past a century, stopping at the Fourth Major Disaster. The effects of future sight only covered up to that part and hence, Yarsha Zahara was unable to know of her life beyond that point. She had enough lifespan to live a couple more centuries back then.

The memories were vivid and spanned four times the length of her current life. And hence, they influenced her thoughts strongly, intending to overpower her current mindset. "Argh!"

Yarsha Zahara glared at the ground in despair, "What the fuck am I supposed to do?"

"My head's a mess!"



