Chapter 311 Spirit Container Harvest

"It went well until now," Inala muttered as he wiped his cold sweat and encased Wittral in a Prana Bomb coffin. Only after he made damn sure of Wittral being unable to generate any Prana was he relieved.

By now, the Cooter Clansmen puppets finished taking care of all survivors, making rounds for a cleanup before they broke out of their respective puppets. Following that, they entered his biome, bringing Wittral with them.

They would ensure he remained unconscious until Inala could get back to Wittral for the original purpose he had come here.

Now, in the silent Sandy-Grey Void, unable to see anything, Inala remained still as a statue, returning to his relatively safer spot to hang from a ten-metre-tall pole.

While waiting in the silence, he thought of his subsequent plans, 'Things proceeded without hiccups until now since I made enough preparations. But it'll get messier after this.'

He had used eight Sandy-Grey Bombs to ensure Wittral was captured without any issues. Of course, originally, Wittral would have survived with strength to spare. Inala intended to face him one-on-one in armed combat following that.

That was how his plan went. But to end the battle early, Wittral controlled the grey sand and as a result, voraciously consumed all their reserve of medicine. He did manage to save more people than what Inala had calculated, but in response, also ended up overexerting himself to the point of losing consciousness.

Using eight Sandy-Grey Bombs to capture the person who was pivotal to the growth of both Gannala and himself was worth it. The day Inala thought of creating the Quip Tribe was when he had changed his original plan in regards to getting the Attribute.

The more he comprehended the data of the Mudropper, the clearer he could conceptualise his plan. By now, he had a solid idea to proceed forward. Currently, he had only figured out a way to allow Gannala to obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator through Wittral.

As for his plan, there was still a bit of stuff left to do. A couple of variables remained, which had to be sorted first. Hence, until he finishes everything, Wittral will be kept safe in his biome.

With the data of Brangara surviving in the Sandy-Grey Void, with the data of the previous Gannala treading through it while returning to Sumatra Continent, and with the data of the Mudropper, Inala had enough confidence to succeed while within the Sandy-Grey Void.

A day later, it would disappear, leaving behind a mere desert that may or may not be swallowed up by the Dralh Sea. His advantage would disappear, forcing him to move while remaining in hiding.

Since Wittral vanished, the Cooter Clan would be busy searching for him. The Boar King too was making his way to the Dralh Sea. The quality of variables was too ginormous for Inala to control and navigate through without risks.

Hence, he braced himself. There was a very solid possibility he could lose his life if he were in the least careless.

He spent the remaining time understanding the Mudropper's data more. The greater his comprehension, the clearer his path of development would get, until his accumulations result in a qualitative change by the time he obtains the Attribute.

By that point, he truly would have obtained the primary abilities that allowed him to contest against the Boar King at endgame. For that, he needs to work harder to take advantage of the factors at play around him.

Soon, a day was up as the night sky above the Sandy-Grey Void began to clear up. The grey sand too lost its effect, becoming no different than regular, desert sand. Right as this happened, Inala began to sprint in the direction of Leh Island, kicking up to top gear immediately.

As it was merely desert sand, he crossed it in a matter of minutes, letting out multiple shrieks along the way. Soon, replies arrived from the Empyrean Zinger Scouts that were in Gannala's care. Hearing the information, he rerouted himself and arrived at an island where Gannala had killed the Cooter Clansmen in charge of the place.

"Dad! You returned!" Gannala shouted in joy and leaped into his embrace.

"Good, you're uninjured," Inala said upon inspecting her condition.

"I did everything you wanted me to," Asaeya said as she too leapt into his embrace, "Did I do well?"

"You did," Inala nodded, "But the real thing is just starting."

"We need to pin the blame on the Boar King and ensure there's irreversible hatred between him and the Cooter Clan."

"Rest a little, Dad." Gannala said and brought out the Sumatra Ship, "I'll bring us to Fral Island first."

"Okay, maintain top speed." Saying so, Inala jumped into the Sumatra Ship, sat in a corner, and fell asleep immediately. He had been maintaining a state of intense stress for pretty long. And it would only get more intense later.

More than two thousand Empyrean Zinger Scouts spread across the roof of the Sumatra Ship in miniature forms, controlling their Prana Bombs like Spirit Containers to attack any Pranic Beast that dared come close.

They were using this opportunity to restock upon their dwindling Prana Bomb supply, for Inala had splurged through them in the past few days while refining the Mystic Mist Elixirs.

It took them half a day to arrive at Fral Island as Inala leaped out and rushed through the island, masking his presence while covering his body with Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

There were muffled screams following that as the Cooter Clansmen on the island were subjugated. Once all their Prana was absorbed, Inala chucked their unconscious bodies into the Dralh Sea for the Pranic Beasts to feast upon.

He then released two Cooter Clansmen puppets that entered the mine and rounded up a hundred Free Humans, escorting them out. Creeping upon them from behind were Empyrean Zinger Scouts in miniature forms who used their Prana Hands to instantly knock them all unconscious.

"Okay, let's get to work." Saying so, Inala created a bunch of Prana Bombs and morphed their shape to create an operating table. He then placed the body of the closest Free Human on it and removed their clothes.

Stage 1—Jaw!

An Empyrean Zinger Scout applied general anaesthesia to the Free Human. Once it took effect, using the sharp edges of his index finger, Inala made an incision on the Free Human's chest, causing blood to spurt out in response.

Four Spirit Weapons moved delicately through the cut and revealed the Free Human's beating heart. After retracting one of them, Inala surged a stream of Prana into the heart, causing it to tremble violently once he located the Spirit Container within it.

He observed its condition, 'Good. Though not compatible, since he's a Free Human, using the Mystic Mist Art still added some Cooter Clan's influence on his Spirit Container.'

"Okay, feed him," Inala said as an Empyrean Zinger Scout opened the Free Human's mouth and poured in a bunch of Elixirs.

Mystic Mist Art—Prana Domination!

Mystic Mist Art—Elixir Condensation!

An Empyrean Zinger Scout took charge of each process, rapidly losing their Prana in response while they artificially caused the Free Human's body to efficiently digest the Elixir and rapidly build Spirit Containers.

It was damn unstable, capable of shattering with the slightest emotional fluctuation due to the abilities used. But it was enough as long as they remained for a few seconds, as by then, his purpose would be achieved.

100 Spirit Containers formed in the Free Human's heart as Inala activated a bunch of Skills to make it seem as if the Free Human was controlling them, causing the 100 Spirit Containers to fuse into a unified whole.

Right as it happened, Prana surged out of Inala and poured into the Free Human's heart as one of his latest, peak abilities was activated.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Harvest!



Chapter 312 Stirring Up the Cooter Clan

Spirit Container Harvest was a compound Skill derived from the methods used by various humans and Pranic Beasts to harvest Parute Fruits. Inala had the methods of the Mammoth Clan, Cooter Clan, Gudora, Fhoong Brimgan, Mudropper, Centingers, Millingers, and a bunch more.

He had obtained the data of plenty of races that owned territories with Parute Trees, using a method each to delicately farm Parute Fruits without damaging the Parute Tree in the slightest.

Combining that data, Inala modified it to similarly harvest the Spirit Container of a person. Of course, this ability could only harvest one Spirit Container. So, the target must be at the Body Stage.

It was why Inala fed the Free Human a bunch of Elixirs until his Spirit Containers reached a hundred and fused into a unified whole. At this point, the sole influence on this unified Spirit Container was the Mystic Mist Art.

To fully reach the Body Stage, the Free Human would have to build a Human Avatar, which depended on their cultivation technique. Since the only cultivation technique in his possession was the incompatible Mystic Mist Art, it was impossible for him to enter the Body Stage.

That was perfect for Inala.

Only the Free Humans under the Cooter Clansmen could be used for his purpose. No one else. After all, the Free Humans everywhere else, even those living in the weakest of Kingdoms practiced a cultivation technique, no matter how damned weak it was.

Therefore, there was an influence on their Spirit Containers.

This influence was reflected in their Spirit Weapon. A Mammoth Clansman cultivating the Mystic Bone Art controlled a piece of bone as a Spirit Weapon. It was a cloud for a Cooter Clansman cultivating the Mystic Mist Art.

For a royalty in Ellora Trade City, the Spirit Weapon used would be a piece of Haddlyok. This was the influence a cultivation technique had on the Spirit Container, reflected clearly through their Spirit Weapon.

Every Free Human wielded a Spirit Weapon. Hence, even if they were to switch to a different cultivation technique in the future, there was some influence left in their Spirit Container, which would cause them problems once they begin building their bodies.

Only the Free Humans serving the Cooter Clan were exempt from this. They didn't have a Spirit Weapon, since they never cultivated a cultivation technique. Hence, it was easy for the Mystic Mist Art's influence to take root in their unblemished Spirit Containers.

A tiny, cloud-shaped Spirit Container, barely spanning a couple millimetres in size appeared in his hand as Inala observed it, nodding in response, "It's perfect!"

He took out a Lifeforce-rich Life Bomb and placed the extracted Spirit Container in it, ensuring the Lifeforce would stably maintain its condition without causing it to degrade or be damaged.

The Empyrean Zinger King landed on his wrist as Inala seeped Prana through it and into the Free Human, using his Quip Tribesman Prime Skill.

Since the Free Human no longer had a Spirit Weapon, even after becoming part of the Quip Tribe, his presence would be the same as a fellow Free Human. Only when his Spirit Container forms would he gain the powers of a Quip Tribesman and begin exuding the presence of one—able to be perceived as such by Free Human Life-Stage cultivators.

Until then, he remained a Free Human, which was what Inala wanted. In Sumatra Continent, every single creature was born with at least one Prana, no exceptions. Hence, having zero Prana was an extreme case already.

He wanted to take advantage of this extremity to evolve his Quip Tribe into Clansmen status, intending to achieve it before he obtained the Attribute. That was his end goal.

Right as the surgery concluded, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts took care of the Free Human, using Lifeforce-rich fluid from a Life Bomb to heal his wound, reverting his condition to a pristine state. They set him aside after that.

In the meantime, another Free Human was placed on the operation table. Without a moment's hesitation, Inala began to repeat the process, gradually getting accustomed as his actions sped up.

He also dispatched groups of Empyrean Zingers to other islands, carrying a large number of vials with Mystic Mist Elixirs. It was to put the influence of Mystic Mist Art on more Free Humans.

It was a race against time as everyone worked to their limit.

Clap!

Asaeya used her powers during the Death Hour to steal the senses of a large horde of Pranic Beasts. Immediately following that was a rain of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs to suck them dry of both Prana and Lifeforce.

"Thank you," Inala said upon seeing a Silver Grade Pranic Beast be dragged towards him by a group of thirty Empyrean Zinger Scouts, bound up. He touched the Silver Grade Pranic Beast using a Life Hand and absorbed its Lifeforce.

Taking on his female form, he created Life Bombs—ones capable of birthing a queen—using the excess Lifeforce. Once enough Life Bombs were created, the Empyrean Zingers targeted the Pranic Beasts on the island with it.

Every Empyrean Zinger was a Mutated Silver Grade Pranic Beast, possessing two Natures. Therefore, when a group of them joined hands, defeating Silver Grade Pranic Beasts was easy, especially since they weren't Centingers whose abilities countered them perfectly.

By the end of the day, Inala finished extracting the Spirit Containers of all 5800 Free Humans on Fral Island. He had become damn quick by now, able to operate on four people every minute. It was possible because he could multitask, able to operate with only two Spirit Weapons.

The remaining two Spirit Weapons focused on a second patient, making the initial preparations necessary. So, once the cut was performed and the unified Spirit Container was created, Inala arrived before the Free Human, extracted their Spirit Container, and stored them. He then seeped in prana using the Empyrean Zinger King.

All logistics were taken care of by the Empyrean Zingers. Hence, the process became very quick once Inala accumulated some experience. The Free Humans were brought to their respective quarters by the Empyrean Zingers and placed there.

Once they wake up, they'll be stunned to no longer feel Prana in their bodies. Even if they make a complaint, the Cooter Clan would only observe them in confusion, unable to figure out what had happened.

After all, in their perspective, the Spirit Containers of the Free Humans mysteriously disappeared. That could be the only conclusion, since they sported no injury on their body. This way, they'll never be able to figure out the true reason.

Once Fral Island was done, Inala rounded up all the Empyrean Zingers, hopped onto the Sumatra Ship, and fell asleep. Gannala and Asaeya were in charge of rowing it as they made a beeline towards another island.

By the time the Cooter Clan realises something is amiss and sends troops, they would have harvested Spirit Containers from at least three or four islands' worth of Free Humans. They'll then have to stealthily proceed forward during the subsequent chaos.

Both Gannala and Inala were able to sense the Boar King getting closer. Only three days were left before his arrival. Moreover, the ship—carrying Wittral—would originally have returned to the base in the Dralh Sea's interior zone after ten days, since it needed to visit many islands.

That would be too late, as the Boar King would have left the Dralh Sea long ago. Hence, he needed to time it accurately, ensuring the Cooter Clan took action right as the Boar King arrived.

"Go!" Using Wittral's Prana, a large quantity of Water Slip was created, holding a certain memory enacted to appear from Wittral's point of view. Puppets resembling Cooter Clansmen carried with them a cloud containing the Water Slip and sped in various directions, reaching other islands.

They successfully stirred up the Cooter Clan.



Chapter 313 The Cooter Clan Moves

Rushing across the Dralh Sea while sustaining grievous injuries was a woman in jet-black clothes. She was the leader of Leh Island in the current quarter. Of course, she wasn't the original, but a puppet acting as her.

The Ralral puppet sped towards an island, having lost both her limbs in the process. She roared upon seeing the island approach her view, "Help! HELP!"

Roit Island!

It was one of the largest islands in the Dralh Sea's outer zone, spanning an area of 112 square kilometres. It was a large mining hub, with over 15,000 Free Humans mining into the island nonstop.

Due to the size and scale of the island, a larger team was typically dispatched here, ranging around forty Cooter Clansmen, led by a master at the 2-Life Stage.

Seated in a house along the banks of the island were two Cooter Clansmen, playing a game where they moved coloured rocks on a checkered board. Suddenly, the eyes of the two shot to the side upon hearing a faint cry for help.

They noticed Ralral's figure in the Dralh Sea, swarmed by a group of Iron Grade Pranic beasts. "Quick! One of our Clansmen is in danger!"

The two Cooter Clansmen rushed out into the sea when a jet-black cloud approached them in a hurry, "Bring it to the leader!"

Ralral puppet shouted in desperation, "Hurry! Wittral is in danger…"

Her defences came undone right at this moment as an Iron Grade Pranic Beast used the chance to lop her head off. In a matter of seconds, they clobbered through her body, leaving nothing behind.

"No!" The two Cooter Clansmen shouted as they attacked the Pranic Beasts, growling in anger upon seeing the latter flee.

"We need to bring this to the leader." One of them noticed two vials in the cloud, with one of them addressed to the Settlement Leader that Wittral usually reported to.

The cloud dissipated as he grabbed the two vials, noticing that they were Water Slips. He turned around and sped through the water, soon reaching their base to give them to the leader, "Leader!"

"A Clansman brought this in a rush!" He said, thinking for a moment before speaking, "I think that was Ralral, leader of Leh Island."

"Ralral died?" The leader frowned and grabbed the second vial, downing its contents without hesitation. A moment later, Prana billowed out of him in absolute horror, "NOOO!"

"What happened, leader?" The Cooter Clansmen felt worry upon seeing his leader's reaction.

"We need to notify the Clan immediately." The leader said and stared at the first Water Slip, "Wittral is in danger."

"The Boar King has arrived!"

"Everyone, come with me!" He rallied up all the Cooter Clansmen on the island, not caring whether or not their absence would cause the deaths of all the Free Humans there.

They created a cloudy boat and charged at their top speed, making a beeline to their base in the Dralh Sea's inner zone. The Leader was in charge of accelerating the boat while the rest of the Cooter Clansmen were in charge of defence.

"Argh!" A Pranic Beast leaped out and clamped upon a Cooter Clansman at the edge, pulling him into the water. Normally if this happens, they would retaliate, for the Clansman was still alive, protected by the cloudy defence he had erected.

But when pressed for time, they couldn't afford to delay by even a second.

"I'm sorry." The leader said as he continued to accelerate the boat, muttering solemnly as they abandoned their comrade, "If I were to be caught by a Pranic Beast, do the same."

He pointed at the Water Slip in his possession, "This needs to be sent to the Settlement Leader, no matter the cost!"

"Yes, Leader!" Everyone shouted as they rushed with reckless abandon, losing many Clansmen in the process.

Dralh Sea—Inner Zone!

The Roit Island Leader arrived at the island surrounded by four Empyrean Snappers, the sole survivor of his group. Everyone gave their lives to ensure he survived long enough to reach here. Even he died once.

Thankfully, he had a spare life, hence managed to arrive. He quickly rushed up the mountain as the guards parted way upon seeing his flustered urgency.

"Settlement Leader!" He roared upon tumbling into a stone hut, extending the Water Slip to the annoyed old man as he fainted in exhaustion.

"Kids these days are damn rude," The old man commented and grabbed the Water Slip, frowning as he wondered what it might be. He casually uncorked it and downed its contents.

…

"W-What is your motive?" Wittral gasped in exhaustion, wounded all over as he glared weakly at the domineering figure of the Boar King on an island of grey sand. "Why are you targeting us?"

"Why else do you think?" The Boar King laughed casually as he nonchalantly took a seat on a dune, staring at Wittral in amusement, "I want your Natures."

"Don't you already have two of them?" Wittral growled in anger, "Why do you keep targeting us when we have no enmity between us?"

"You're right in saying that we have no enmity," The Boar King shrugged, "But I have one with the Mammoth Clan. After their recent merger, they have gotten stronger and are gradually regaining their original glory. I simply require strong natures to face them."

"And you're the perfect fit." He grinned, "Subtle Terrain Domination will be a great weapon against the Mammoth Clan. So, I'm hunting you guys to make preparations to kill the Mammoth Clan."

"Does that explain my motive?" He laughed, casual in his tone, as if he were merely buying groceries in the market.

"T-Then why haven't you killed me yet?" Wittral asked, coughing out blood, "If you want my Nature, then take it. I'll fight until my last breath."

"I'm not a marine creature. So, it's a pain to chase after the Cooter Clan." The Boar King yawned in annoyance, "Instead, I'm luring them to this place. You're simply bait for that."

"Wittral, the first perfect Empyrean Snapper." He laughed, "I'm sure a good number of Empyrean Snappers will come to your rescue. I'll hunt them then. So, send a distress signal to your Clan. I'll allow it."

…

"Wittral!" The old man screamed in fluster upon seeing the message. Wittral was his Clan's hope. He didn't want any harm to befall their first perfect Deity.

The old man rushed out and summoned the other three Settlement Leaders, transferring the same details to them through his Water Slip skill. Two of them instantly charged out and made a beeline toward the core region of the Dralh Sea, intending to inform their Chief.

Only he could stand up to the Boar King and rally all the Empyrean Snappers. Without a large army of Empyrean Snappers, it was suicidal to face the Boar King.

While two Settlement Leaders went to inform the Cooter Clan Chief, the remaining two spread across the Dralh Sea's interior zone to rally the rest of the Settlement Leaders. They had to form an army exclusively of Empyrean Snappers and Settlement Leaders to face the Boar King.

Anyone else would be too weak to even touch the Boar King, not to mention scratch him. There was a flurry of activity in the Dralh Sea as the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and above retreated deeper into the water in fear, for the Cooter Clan had begun mobilising its force.

It was sparked by four Empyrean Snappers, pinnacle lifeforms that have been acting no different to islands for many centuries began to move, generating rumbling tsunamis in response.



Chapter 314 Big Brother

Ten minutes after the Cooter Clansmen on Roit Island left to inform the Cooter Clan, the Sumatra Ship arrived ashore. Inala got down and began to set up the operating table.

Roit Island had a massive population of Free Humans, numbering fifteen thousand. It would take him close to three days to extract the Spirit Containers of them all. Of course, Inala didn't have that much time.

Hence, he had to be quick about things. Until now, he had only extracted Spirit Containers from Free Humans on Fral Island. There were more than ten islands where the Free Humans had been fed the Mystic Mist Elixir.

But as all of them were more or less the size of Leh Island, he could be done with each in a matter of hours. Therefore, he could hit those islands, exterminate the Cooter Clansmen stationed there, extract the Spirit Containers from the Free Humans and make his escape.

Before the Cooter Clan even notices what is happening, Inala would have long left the island.

But that wasn't possible on Roit Island, since it had a massive population. He needed three days. Therefore, he couldn't arrive here and be done quickly, since it was a major resource point.

A master would be stationed in the place. And considering the sensitivity of the situation, there was a good chance the master hid at least one body. This way, even if the rest of his bodies were to die, the final body would escape with the information and relay it to the Cooter Clan.

If that were to happen, the Cooter Clan would learn all his plans. Therefore, before the master in charge of Roit Island returned, he had to be done with this place.

'Three days is pushing my luck too much. But let's see how it fares.' Thinking as such, Inala busied himself.

…

Four Empyrean Snappers moved for a bit before stopping, remaining patient. They were clearly aware of the Boar King's strength. Just the four of them weren't enough to injure him, not to mention save Wittral from his grasp.

Therefore, they were waiting for a sizeable number of Empyrean Snappers on the Dralh Sea to arrive. The closest ones numbered 24 Empyrean Snappers. And upon moving at top speed, could converge in three days. The rest were too far away.

The news was also being spread further beyond the Dralh Sea, alerting the Cooter Clan situated in various marine terrains. They too had begun to mobilise, but it would take them a while to arrive, possibly months depending on the distance. It was unsure how long the Boar King would wait patiently.

Hence, they had to take the risk and face the Boar King prematurely. The deaths of one or two Empyrean Snappers didn't matter, as long as they saved Wittral. Too much was riding on him. He was an irreplaceable asset of the Cooter Clan.

By the end of the third day of mobilisation, 28 Empyrean Snappers had gathered, accompanied by 28 Settlement Leaders. Everyone else part of the Settlement had evacuated to a safer location far away.

Standing on the mountain of an Empyrean Snapper was the old man who took care of Wittral. His expression was twisted, pulsating with Prana in a murderous rage, 'I don't care what happens next, the Boar King must die!'

'How dare he target Wittral?' He wasn't the sole individual sharing this sentiment. Every Settlement Leader in the region too had the same thought, ready to clobber the Boar King with their strongest attacks.

At that moment, one of the mountains gently rose up, for the first time in centuries revealing its head. Shaped like a turtle head, sporting whirlpool-like patterns with deep indentations, jagged spikes on its back that resembled horns, and a neck that stretched for…two…three…five…ten kilometres.

The Empyrean Snapper's neck spanned a length of ten kilometres, appearing like an infinitely extending bridge. Coral scales jutted its neck, acting as a layer of mineral protection, with every single piece of it being a Spirit Weapon that heeded the Empyrean Snapper's every thought.

Peeking out from the sides were flippers, each spanning a kilometre long, numbering eight on either side. The frontmost flippers were the longest, reaching a length of two kilometres. The rearmost flippers were the shortest, barely reaching a kilometre at adulthood.

There existed a short tail at the rear, stubby, only spanning forty metres in length. Its only function was to make contact with the water and generate currents upon touch, propelling the Empyrean Snapper forward.

Prana then surged into the mountain on its back, causing the Spirit Pools to increase in size. Gradually, the Empyrean Snappers were entering a battle-ready state, intending to fight the Boar King without giving the latter any advantage over them.

"Let's go save Wittral." The old man announced as the 28 Empyrean Snappers moved in the direction mentioned in the Water Slip handed out by Wittral.

Reports arrived at the Cooter Clan not from one Clansman, but from many, all carrying the same piece of information. Based on the data in the Water Slip, the old man concluded that Wittral intended for the Cooter Clan to stay away.

But in the case they decide to face the Boar King, they ought to come up with a plan that can kill the Boar King. That was Wittral's intention, as expressed in the Water Slip. And everyone unanimously voted for the second option.

Wittral wasn't someone who could be replaced. And they intended to fight to the end for that.

…

[I'm Here!]

"Can't you just shut up?" The Boar King grumbled in annoyance, clearly able to perceive by now that the source of the voice didn't seem alive, 'Is it an ability that can mimic Gannala's voice?'

"There's a possibility," He muttered in his Empyrean Boar King form and continued to sprint through a large marsh, following which he entered a forest and was steadily closing in on the sound, 'Bastard! You better not escape this time.'

[Why are you so slow, Brangara? I ate, shat, and slept five times since I called you. Why are you so slow for a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast? That's so disappointing.]

Now there was a barrage of nonsense, the majority of which was of minimal value towards the Boar King. But what could he do other than to hear it, since the voice came from Gannala, someone he wished to kill.

Even though the Supreme Tusk created by using his race as fuel was no more, her successor was still alive. For Brangara, that was more than enough of an opportunity to exact revenge.

Soon, he arrived before the Dralh Sea and leapt nonchalantly, plunging into the water. With an open of his mouth, a dozen Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were swallowed.

The Boar King observed their Primary Natures and extracted them out of his Astral Chart, for they were useless for his purpose. He soon came across a suitable Silver Grade Pranic Beast, which to him, was no different from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

He swallowed it and activated its Primary Nature, allowing water currents to form naturally underneath him and carry him forward. This allowed him to swim through the dangerous Dralh Sea at a faster pace.

Soon, he approached a large island seemingly made out of loose sand. Upon seeing that they were grey sand, but without the power of the Sandy-Grey Void in them, he observed in wonder, 'How did the grey sand appear here?'

Upon recalling the fact that the Mudropper had vanished, he suspected the culprit of the current situation to be the same, 'But a Mudropper can't travel for more than a kilometre per day. Just how did it travel all the way here in such a short period?'

"Maybe there's a lot more to this than what I can figure out for the time being." He muttered and stared in anger, making a powerful leap to head towards the centre of the desert island from where Gannala's voice was resounding nonstop all along.

There was a small twister in the centre of the desert island. Its winds seemed fierce, not that they mattered to the Boar King. And carried into the air by this twister was the grey sand, creating a dust cloud.

Boom!

The Boar King landed right before the dust cloud and roared, "Come out!"

"Let me see which rat has the guts to challenge me."

"I do," A calm voice resounded as a shadowy silhouette appeared behind the dust cloud generated by the tornado. A pair of decently ripped arms, accentuated by a toned body, and a style of hair that casually rearranged itself with every wind.

"Who…are you?" The Boar King felt an odd sense of familiarity from the shadow. He extended his hand and clapped, having activated an ability.

Astral Chart—Prana Shock x2!

The dust cloud cleared away, revealing a familiar figure standing still in the centre of the desert island, with his back facing the Boar King. In his hand was an instrument that was playing baby Gannala's voice in a loop.

[I'm Here!]

"You better answer before I lose my damn patience and destroy this island!" The Boar King said calmly, intending to appraise the strength of the ant before him.

"Relax," A calm, overly familiar voice with minor differences resounded. The figure turned around, revealing a face masked by a boar's mask.

"Hmph!" The Boar King snorted in disdain and flicked his index finger, unleashing a minor shockwave that accurately shattered the man's mask, causing it to sprinkle down in pieces.

As the pieces fell, the figure's face was revealed, stunning the Boar King at the stark similarity. And right at that moment, adding a touch of spice to it, the figure opened his mouth and uttered three shocking, almost disturbing words. "Hello,"

"Big Brother!"



Chapter 315 Mystic Path

"You're not lying to me or anything, right, Resha?" Grehha frowned as he stood inside a wobbling house's living room and stared at the figure of Resha calmly seated on a sofa, alongside Yahira. "Will the Chief give me the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer if I were to support you?"

"I'm neither proposing an alliance nor asking you to support me." Resha said nonchalantly, staring Grehha right in the eye, "I know what you want. The same goes for the remaining five."

"It's a mere transaction, nothing more, nothing less." Resha said, "Oh indeed, you'll obtain Corporeal Mixer when you accept this job."

"How long do I need to assist you in this role?" Grehha asked, "I won't be able to dedicate all my time to this, you know. I still need to work towards my own development."

"Eight hours a day, for as long as I desire." Resha stated the terms, "It may be done in a year, a decade, or many decades. But once you accept it, you'll need to see through it to the end. Otherwise, the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer would be confiscated from you."

'Eight hours a day, that's a lot of time. But,' Grehha analysed the pros and cons, 'With Corporeal Mixer, I can digest food and Parute Fruits to replenish my Prana at a faster pace. With the aid of Internal Inertial Gravity, my recovery would reach new heights. It'll help me since I need a voracious amount of Prana for my development.'

Grehha's growth was directly related to how Prana he could use through his Tertiary Nature. Hence, he was limited by his Prana replenishment capacity. Moreover, when Resha and others selected a Minor Treasure from the Mammoth Treasury, Grehha refrained from doing so.

It was simply because he couldn't find a suitable one there. There were a lot of good ones there, but none fell in line with his expectations. While he was worrying about it, Resha approached him to strike a deal.

By refraining from picking a Minor Treasure now, Grehha could accumulate his contributions to eventually aim for the top three Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Treasury.

Since Resha took the Spectral Eyes Minor Treasure, that left the Minor Treasures of Extreme Sensitivity and Corporeal Mixer. Upon hearing their details, Grehha became interested in the latter.

But it wasn't easy for Grehha to get the clearance necessary to lay claim to the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer. With Resha's convincing, Raaha finally accepted the proposition, which took effect today.

"I'll do it," Grehha said, his tone firm, understanding that his growth would be faster than present even if he ended up wasting eight hours every day on Resha.

"You can head to the 1st Settlement three days later and claim the Minor Treasure." Resha said and then pointed at the nearby room, "Now, put your Empyrean Incubator there. I want to use it."

"What about her?" Grehha stared at the figure of Yahira who hadn't uttered a word until now. She remained still like a statue, eyes closed, her breathing subtle.

"She'll be staying here to keep a watch on you," Resha smirked.

'Dammit!' Grehha cursed mentally in response, knowing that Resha didn't trust him enough to expose a vulnerable side to him. The moment Grehha tries anything towards Resha, no matter how minor, Yahira would strike him down.

Not for a moment did Grehha think Yahira would hesitate. No, this woman had stabbed even Resha, her most beloved multiple times in Sumatra Chronicles. She definitely had a few screws loose in her head.

'I have no reason to sabotage him, since that would end up crippling my growth too. But still,' Grehha sighed in realisation, 'Resha isn't taking chances anymore.'

"Say," Grehha stared at Resha, "When will you be ready to face the Boar King?"

"Once I succeed." Saying so, Resha entered the nearby room and sat in the centre, watching the walls turn green as Grehha layered it with his Empyrean Incubator.

Minor Treasure—Spectral Eyes!

Resha observed a turbulent stream of Prana exit Grehha and flow into the Empyrean Incubator, causing the latter to consume it voraciously. Following that, gentle streams of energy filled the interior of the Empyrean Incubator.

To the normal cultivator, the space in the Empyrean Incubator would have appeared empty. But to him, it was filled with greyish-green energy, emanating the same energy levels that Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease emitted.

Basically, this was the essence of an Empyrean Tusk!

The Empyrean Incubator was capable of generating the essence of an Empyrean Tusk, which was something the Supreme Tusk Gannala had been preparing all her life, to create a path that allowed the Mammoth Clan to develop without limits.

If any Pranic Beast were to soak into this Empyrean Incubator for enough time, it would develop the characteristics of an Empyrean Tusk. Of course, this wasn't possible within a single generation. But for Iron Grade Pranic Beasts with insane fertility and short maturity periods, it wasn't an issue.

This was why Grehha selected a Mud Viper, for it was the perfect fit for his abilities. By imbuing the Empyrean Tusk's essence into Mud Vipers, generation after generation, Grehha created the Empyrean Viper race.

The Empyrean Viper was a Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast, with its Secondary Nature being Internal Inertial Gravity. Only after the egg it was in had reached such a level of development did Grehha fuse with it.

His path was very stable, for he could take his time developing things to his favour.

'I understand his abilities better now.' Resha thought as he began to absorb the Empyrean Tusk essence, watching his Primary Nature flare up in response. He closed his eyes and meditated, falling into a trance.

Using the ambient Empyrean Tusk essence, he activated Mystic Bone Art to the limit, bombarding the final level of the cultivation technique that represented the Transcendent Stage.

By the end of his previous life, Resha was at the 2-Life Stage. Hence, he had already locked the first three levels of Mystic Bone Art and was already a great deal into unlocking the final level. He had obtained enough fortuitous encounters that he was just a sliver away from attaining it.

And now, by gathering the Empyrean Tusk essence, he bombarded the thin filament that existed between the third and fourth levels of Mystic Bone Art. It had already been beaten and battered by the end of his previous life.

Once he started attacking with the Empyrean Tusk's essence, the filament dissolved, for Empyrean Tusks ought to know all four levels of Mystic Bone Art from the beginning. The essence only strengthened his abilities as an Empyrean Tusk and granted him full access to Mystic Bone Art.

Boom!

A torrent of Prana billowed out of Resha, unleashing enough pressure that the air around him ionised.

"Keuk!" Grehha grunted and increased the Prana supply to his Empyrean Incubator, trying to contain the volcanic energy from spilling out.

'Amazing! This is an Empyrean Tusk.' Yahira's eyes shot open as she stared at Resha admiringly, 'Deity husband is the best!'

A torrent of information appeared in his mind right as the filament broke down. The volume of information would have shattered the brains of Inala and Grehha. But for Resha, with his mind developed to the level of an Empyrean Tusk, this was nothing.

In a matter of hours, he finished digesting everything regarding the Transcendence Stage, 'So that's what it means to be a Transcendent.'

He then stared at a cup hovering before him in his mind space, covered by mysterious symbols laden with information, dense to the extent that even he felt his head spin upon staring at them.

Resha calmly observed the cup and smiled in realisation, 'You are truly one of a kind, Gannala.'

'So this is the Mystic Path.'



Chapter 316 Familiar Figure’s Tale

Resha wasn't aware of the entire truth, but thanks to Orakha's multiple revivals, some of the information about the Supreme Tusk in the Transcendent Eater was revealed. Raaha learnt about it from Orakha and then informed Resha.

It was through this that Resha knew about the Supreme Tusk Gannala's plans regarding her seven children, the goal of which was to kill the Boar King and reach the Mystic Grade.

When one of the seven has a child, the path to the Mystic Grade in them is transferred to the child. But if the child isn't an Empyrean Tusk, then the path is lost forever.

After all, it acts like a bridge between the seven and their respective children, accumulating the countless variables they create to forge a path to the Mystic Grade.

Resha stared at the cup before him. It was four times larger than his head and instinctively upon perceiving it, he was able to conclude that the cup had a volume of 27 litres. Currently, it was empty.

But based on the information he could perceive, Resha realised that all his actions, experiences, and various accumulations would concentrate in this cup in liquid form.

When he has a child, this cup will be transferred to the child. Even after that, Resha's actions would continue to accumulate in the cup. And the day this cup becomes full is when his child—if born an Empyrean Tusk—will become a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk.

The case was the same between Inala and Gannala. But as Inala hadn't unlocked the final level of Mystic Bone Art, he couldn't perceive the Path in him.

In Inala's case, the ship had already set sail. Inala's actions would continue to accumulate in the cup within Gannala. And when it becomes full, Gannala will reach the Mystic Grade.

But the problem was the fact that all paths were different. And unless the action is related to the path, it wouldn't condense anything within the cup. Hence, one needs to do a lot of trial and error before they succeed.

Since the reincarnates knew the plot beforehand, they were able to take action in a variety of fields, something Mammoth Clansmen their age would never even dream about. Forget their peers, even the Mammoth Clan masters hardly did anything spectacular other than remaining in their Settlement and defending it.

But every single reincarnate went through a lot, stirring up shit in a mere year that surpassed what the entire Mammoth Clan did in that period.

It was because they had the perspectives of two different worlds and, hence weren't restricted to one thought process. They could always think out of the box and do things that those on Sumatra Continent could never even dream about.

The paths were in the seven but took effect upon their children, and only in the case they were born an Empyrean Tusk.

Things proceeded beyond Inala's control, and hence, he ended up losing the path to Gannala. The case was the same for Yennda. His path was in Harrala.

Resha didn't wish to lose his path, a reason why he told Yahira to refrain from bearing a child for the time being.

He obtained the Major Treasure of Cure, possessing a Primary Nature that was the perfect form of Internal Inertial Gravity. Therefore, unlike the reincarnates, Resha had the possibility of becoming a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk.

As long as he retained the path in him, once it becomes full, its accumulation would be unleashed on himself, resulting in his evolution. He had the capacity to make it a reality.

Resha absorbed the Empyrean Tusk essence generated by the Empyrean Incubator and poured it into his Spirit Container, feeling his Primary Nature become active. Fused into it was the Major Treasure of Cure, the Supreme Tusk Gannala's ultimate creation.

It began to absorb this essence, displaying faint signs of development. Resha noticed a drop appear in the cup, smiling in response, 'Yes, as long as I continue to concentrate the essence of an Empyrean Tusk in myself, the Cure will continue to influence my body to become more and more like an Empyrean Tusk.'

Resha stared at the index finger on his left hand and retracted the power of Internal Inertial Gravity there. He flicked it once and observed the finger bone had cracked in response, 'Good, it's growing more brittle.'

The Fragment Disease was merely a Mammoth Clansman being born more an Empyrean Tusk than a human. Brittle bones were the characteristic of Empyrean Tusks. Therefore, the more brittle his bones get, the more his human body becomes genetically similar to an Empyrean Tusk.

Every minute he absorbed the Empyrean Tusk essence through his Cure, Resha's body evolved. And the more he evolved, the stronger his Cure got, creating a beneficial cycle. Maybe in the future, he wouldn't need to spend Prana to take on his Empyrean Tusk form. It would become a natural state of his being, like how the Empyrean Boar King form was for Brangara.

'When I'm done, not only would I enter the Mystic Grade, but I might even attain the status of a Supreme Tusk.' Resha thought, grinning in excitement. As long as that happens, he could influence his children into being born with the Fragment Disease.

And once they absorb the blood of an Empyrean Tusk while breaking through to the Body Stage, they'll obtain the power of an Empyrean Tusk. For a moment, Resha imagined a scene of tens of his children casually walking in their human forms before becoming Empyrean Tusks.

'This time, I'm killing you without fail, Boar King.' Resha's eyes glinted with bloodthirstiness. He quickly concealed his bloodlust, for those under the Life Stage would go mad when subjected to it without protection.

The memory of the Mammoth Clan's annihilation was ingrained in his mind. This time, the one getting annihilated wouldn't be the Mammoth Clan, but the Boar King. "I'll make damn sure of it."

…

'Is someone cursing me?' The Boar King felt an itch in his ear as he glared at the familiar individual before him, "What the fuck did you say?"

"Did you not hear me the first time?" The familiar figure rolled his eyes, "It's cringe, so I won't bother repeating it. Instead, I'll prove it through this…"

Intense presence radiated out of his being, rattling the Pranic Beasts swimming closer to the desert island. It was a catastrophic amount that was powerful enough to knock out Iron Grade Pranic Beasts unconscious.

The Boar King's expression turned serious in response, thinking, 'At first glance, it seems like he's in the Mystic Grade, but he isn't. He's somewhere between the Gold and Mystic Grade. Also, his presence…'

The Boar King became irritated, 'For those unaware, it would seem like my presence. But it's a bit different from mine. For a better perspective, it's similar to an Empyrean Boar…'

"That's impossible!" The Boar King glared in anger, "I'm the last of my race."

"Too bad, that's not true." The familiar figure shrugged, "Back when the Empyrean Tusks left Sumatra Continent, they brought with them four baby Empyrean Boars. We were then reared on the other continent and nurtured to become servants to the Mammoth Clan, generation after generation."

"Is that fucking true?" Rage built up in the Boar King, his body on the verge of erupting, "The Mammoth Clan is treating the Empyrean Boars as servants?"

"It's unrelated to you, so don't worry about it." The familiar figure waved his hand, "They are all dead anyway."

"Did you devour them?" The Boar King was stupefied for a moment before glaring in response, "Did you fucking eat your own brethren?"

"Well, I stumbled upon your documents managed by the Mammoth Clan. I simply followed the instructions." The familiar figure sighed, "But they were damaged. So even after I devoured all my brethren on that continent, I failed to reach the Mystic Grade. Which brings me here."

He grinned and stared at the Boar King with a fawning expression, "So, why don't you tell me the truth,"

"Big brother?"



Chapter 317 Boar King Vs Empyrean Snappers

The familiar figure unleashed the suffocating presence for less than a second, only to make his point towards the Boar King. After that, he fully retracted his presence.

'This is disappointing.' The Boar King stared at the sky, sighing in response to the question, 'My race's fate is frustratingly cruel.'

"You needn't know." The Boar King spoke calmly as a vapour cone erupted from his spot; his figure flickered and appeared behind the familiar figure.

Boom!

He slammed the familiar figure into the ground, "Goodbye…"

"Hahaha!" The familiar figure laughed raucously as blood gushed out of his mouth from the impact, "I knew you wouldn't reveal the secrets that easily. But no matter, I was just trying my luck here, since we were from the same race. I'll come at you with full strength in the future."

"You're making it seem as if you'll be alive after this." The Boar King snorted and exerted greater strength in his hold, creating crunching sounds from the familiar figure as his bones shattered.

"This is merely a clone, after all." The familiar figure grinned, "So, my actual body isn't at harm. Aren't you curious where the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature in your possession went?"

"Were you behind it?" The Boar King glared.

"Yup!" The familiar figure laughed, "I left a checkpoint far away."

"Is that so?" The Boar King snorted, "I'll find you then. A day's journey for you is merely a matter of minutes for me."

"You think I didn't come prepared for that?" The familiar figure nudged to the side with his eyes, "I have kidnapped the Cooter Clan's prized Empyrean Snapper, Wittral. They were unable to differentiate our presence, since it's very similar. And now, they'll chase you with everything they got…"

"Fucker!" The Boar King snorted and exerted some more strength in order to obliterate the familiar figure's body. But a moment before that, the familiar figure shrunk into a grain.

The Boar King grabbed the grain and inspected it, 'This can only be done using Internal Inertial Gravity. It seems he managed to hunt a couple of Empyrean Tusks on the other continent. He doesn't even want to leave any clues behind in his corpse.'

"Internal Inertial Gravity, Checkpoint, and a human form." The Boar King's expression turned serious for a moment before he chuckled, "To think I'll have an enemy from my own race."

"That's a first."

'As long as he doesn't come into contact with a Bolt of Transcendence, it would be impossible for him to reach the Mystic Grade. Besides,' The Boar King analysed, 'It doesn't seem like he has the Astral Chart. That means he cannot store a large number of Primary Natures in his body without losing his mind.'

The Empyrean Boar's Primary Nature of Voracious Nature could theoretically store an infinite number of Primary Natures. But when the number reaches the double digits, the Natures would start a tug-of-war with the Empyrean Boar's mind and influence it to the point of oblivion.

Only through Astral Chart could Voracious Nature be kept in check and actively suppress the influence of the Natures in his body. It was thanks to Astral Chart that the Boar King hadn't gone insane due to the sheer number of powerful Natures in his body.

'Without Astral Chart, he's not a threat.' The Boar King thought, no longer mad, for he indeed came to learn a few things from this trip, 'I wasted five days. It's not much.'

"But this…" He stared at the sea of clouds speeding his way, "is bound to be annoying."

The goal of the familiar figure was to stall the Boar King long enough for the Cooter Clan to catch up. Moreover, the familiar figure riled up the Boar King through his shocking statements, causing the latter to emit his presence, which ended up registering in the senses of the Empyrean Snappers approaching the desert island.

"It'll be hard for me to escape by water." The Boar King stared at the Dralh Sea, conflicted. No matter how fast he could travel through it, he wouldn't be faster than the Empyrean Snappers.

The only way to go faster than them was to either use Internal Inertial Gravity to treat the sea as flat ground and run on it or use Subtle Terrain Domination to speed through the water.

The Boar King wasn't inclined to use either of them, unwilling to waste a powerful Nature for something so insignificant. He would rather lose a life than waste these Natures that he worked hard over the past two millennia to gather and suppress the influences of.

But he was at the Body Stage now. And hence didn't have lives to spare.

The Boar King looked around the Dralh Sea in his vicinity, unable to find any Pranic Beasts there. They had all fled when he and the familiar figure unleashed their respective presence.

"That's a spectacular trap. I'm surprised," The Boar King muttered in praise, despite being the target of the trap. He couldn't put a lid on what he was feeling at the moment. But honestly, he did feel a bit relieved to see another brethren of his race alive, even if the latter was trying to harm him.

If not for the fact that he planned to revive the Empyrean Boar Race, which could be targeted by the familiar figure to reach the Mystic Grade, the Boar King might have been so hard on the latter. He wasn't completely about how to deal with the familiar figure, but until he made up his mind, he planned to play around a bit here.

The Boar King counted the billowing clusters of Prana moving within the sea of storm, "There are 28 Empyrean Snappers."

"Can I handle them?" He muttered and inspected his Astral Chart, focusing on the disposable Natures he had accumulated. "There are twelve Prana shocks left. That should be enough."

The storm spread around the desert island, converging upon it from all sides, intending to trap the Boar King in the centre. The latter didn't try to flee or anything, and instead calmly sat upon a dune and observed their actions, 'It has been a while since I last fought a tough battle. I can use the horns of the Empyrean Snappers to refine a beautiful necklace for Yarsha.'

He thought nonchalantly, watching twenty-eight figures leap out of the Empyrean Snappers and land on the desert island, stopping a kilometre away from the Boar King.

The old man took the lead among them, shouting in rage upon failing to spot Wittral, "Where's Wittral?"

"Not in my belly, if that's what you're worried about." The Boar King said casually, "The one that kidnapped him is someone else."

"There's only one existence in Sumatra that dares make a move on the Cooter Clan," The old man glared at the Boar King, "You!"

'Yup, they don't listen.' The Boar King groaned mentally as he got up and cracked his stiff joints, "If you want to die that badly, come here."

He said and unleashed his presence, causing a sea of Prana to slam radially from his position, for a moment making all twenty-eight Settlement Leaders kneel in response.

The Boar King calmly approached them, "Even when the Mammoth Clan fought me, only the Empyrean Tusks attacked me while their Settlement Leaders stood at the side to watch helplessly. They only joined when the situation became desperate for their side. But what is with this bullshit?"

"Mere Settlement Leaders are taking the lead?" He muttered in disbelief, for a moment pinching himself to find out if he was dreaming, "It seems the Cooter Clan is pretty delusional."

Astral Chart—Prana Shock x12!

The Boar King stared at the surrounding Empyrean Snappers as he snapped his finger once, causing the heads of all twenty-eight Settlement Leaders to explode once. "Are you scared?"

His mockery-filled tone was addressed towards the Empyrean Snappers, causing a storm to erupt in response. The grey sand forming the island began to move up like a tsunami from the edges, turning into powerful serpents that raved about, building up strength before attacking the Boar King.

"That's the spirit!" The Boar King laughed as he ignored the Settlement Leaders and rushed towards the closest Empyrean Snapper, unleashing twelve waves of shock from his location to shatter the sand serpents.

He clenched his hand into a fist and released a beam of shockwave, targeting the closest Empyrean Snapper's head. The air around the latter congealed to form multiple layers of barriers, defending against the shockwave beam, and resulting in thunderous sounds.

But one after another, the layers of air were punctured through before the shockwave beam slammed into the Empyrean Snapper's face, spurting out blood.

"Are you awake now? Do better." The Boar King stared at the gigantic bloody face of the Empyrean Snapper that healed to a pristine state in a matter of seconds. Seeing the latter's expression visibly morph into a state of intense anger, he grinned, "It's getting interesting now."



Chapter 318 We’re Running Away

"Empyrean Tusks squirm in fear the moment they sense my existence." The Boar King said as he clapped twice and destroyed another volley of sand serpents headed his way, "And when they retaliate, they use their everything right from the start, already resigned to their deaths."

"So, you guys do the same. It won't be fun otherwise." The Boar King landed on the sand and kicked off, breaking the sonic barrier to slam into the back of an Empyrean Snapper's neck, "Give your everything while being prepared to die."

"It's an insult to me otherwise."

Water, wind, and sand moved in from the surroundings, converging upon the Boar King in an effort to constrict him and crush him with sheer pressure. Various Spirit Pools on the Empyrean Snapper's back mountain flowed out and combined to become a volatile substance, resulting in a thunderous explosion.

The forming cocoon of water, sand, and air shattered from the explosion, revealing the Boar King's figure that sported a small scratch on his index finger. He stared at the injury and licked it once, watching it heal instantly, "That was a decent hit."

He stared at the face of the Empyrean Snapper that now expressed fear, commenting casually, "You must be one of the weaker ones among your kind. The two Empyrean Snappers that I hunted in the past were able to injure me even when I was at the 3-Life Stage."

Boom!

As he continued to comment, the head of an Empyrean Snapper, covered by a layer of hardened rock slammed into him like the tip of a whip, sending him flying for a kilometre.

"That's enough," A heavenly voice echoed throughout the region as an Empyrean Snapper swam out of the storm, hovering before the group of 28 Empyrean Snappers. Standing on its back while emitting the strongest presence among Cooter Clansmen, on a level superior to the Empyrean Snappers was the Cooter Clan Chief, Geugeu.

"You shouldn't bully the young…" He was just talking when the layer of stone covering the 1st Empyrean Snapper's head crumbled, stunning everyone.

"Hahaha!" The Boar King paddled through the water and observed a small crack in his ribs, grinning as he stared at Geugeu and the 1st Empyrean Snapper, "So, the strongest of the Cooter Clan has arrived. No wonder I felt that hit."

"We needn't fight if you return Wittral." Geugeu tried his best to stay calm, "Please know that the entire Cooter Clan will be forced to take action if he isn't returned."

"I don't have him." The Boar King shrugged, "I never had him."

"Is that so?" Geugeu closed his eyes as veins popped on his forehead. He tried his best to control his anger, for he was facing the strongest existence in Sumatra. But seeing the Boar King act ignorant pissed him off.

All Settlement Leaders had gotten their hands on the information where Wittral cried for help. After the old man learnt about it, he used the Water Slip Skill to make multiple copies of the information and fed it to everyone of importance, making them aware of the situation at hand.

Geugeu had seen Wittral's wounded state through the point of view recorded in the Water Slip. The Boar King there was seated on the sand dune in the same pose made by the Boar King now when the 28 Settlement Leaders came to face him.

There was blatant evidence in their possession. But for some reason, the Boar King denied everything.

'He's playing us for the fool!' Geugeu inhaled and exhaled with force, trying his best to rein in his impulse. After all, he couldn't see Wittral anywhere. Their goal was to bring Wittral back to safety and not duke it out with the Boar King.

'I shouldn't lose sight of our goal.' Geugeu thought as he watched the Boar King swim towards them faster, cupping his hands in respect, "If what you're saying is true, can you help us find him?"

"Is the Cooter Clan so useless that you can't even track your missing Deity?" The Boar King snorted in disdain, "Seems you guys are just useless."

"Enough!" Geugeu roared as a thundercloud formed behind him, rumbling for a moment before unleashing a thick bolt of lightning towards the Boar King, "You're going overboard!"

"Took you long enough to be ready for a battle." The Boar King grinned as twelve shockwave layers formed around him and deflected the bolt of lightning. He slapped the water surface and generated a tsunami that slammed into the Empyrean Snappers, for a moment forcing them to use their Primary Natures on defence.

Using the chance, he leapt past them, trailing right above their Spirit Weapon range, blasted a bunch of water serpents heading his way and landed on the desert island. Cracking his stiff neck, he grinned and charged at the Empyrean Snappers.

Merely by stacking twelve Iron Grade Natures, the Boar King didn't face any disadvantage in the fight. He did take a few hits from the stronger Empyrean Snappers, but the damage wasn't anything his Prana couldn't heal in a fraction of a second.

As they fought, the Empyrean Snappers began to unleash stronger attacks, gradually getting the Boar King excited, 'Why didn't I fight them before? This is very fun!'

Unlike against the Mammoth Clan where he was guided by hatred, his fight against the Cooter Clan was exhilarating. The Boar King didn't go in for the kill and simply beat up the Empyrean Snappers, beginning to laugh along the way.

Suddenly, there was a reaction from his Prana as a butterfly flew out of him and turned into a flash of light to head in a certain direction. After travelling for a hundred metres, it dissipated.

'So, you're that way.' The Boar King smirked and continued to fight. When he touched the familiar figure, he used an ability to record the latter's Prana signature.

And now, the Prana Shocks he was releasing repeatedly acted like a radar to echo through long distances, searching for the familiar figure's traces left behind by his Prana. When they came into contact with his traces, a response was relayed back to him, causing the ability to react and generate a butterfly that pointed in the respective direction.

This was why the Boar King loved to use Prana Shock, the Primary Nature of Shock Lizards. When stacked many times, they became extremely effective and versatile, allowing him to mesh different abilities in them for a variety of purposes.

In the direction pointed at by the butterfly, situated eighty kilometres away, hidden behind a rock on the shores of an island was another Brangara puppet. Upon feeling the mild waves generated by the Prana Shock, the bodies of the Empyrean Zingers within trembled in response as their Secondary Natures reacted.

The Brangara puppet took out a Sumatra Zinger, encased one of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts—within the puppet's lungs—in it and loaded it into the gun. Aiming at the sky, the puppet shot the Prana Bomb, causing it to reach an altitude of two kilometres.

The Prana Bomb shattered to reveal the Empyrean Zinger Scout that spread its wings wide and glided towards Roit Island, making a screech when it was in range.

[The Boar King has a means to detect the Brangara puppet. We fear he can locate you, Inala!]

"Ah, shit," Inala sighed as he put down his Spirit Weapons, taking a couple of seconds to calm down, 'As I feared, he has the means to narrow down my location. I can at most fool him with the Brangara puppet for two or three more times before he figures out the truth.'

"Party is over. We're bolting out of the Dralh Sea for the time being." Saying so, he began to pack everything. He then stared at the Empyrean Zinger Scout that had brought in the message and addressed it, "Buy time with the Brangara puppet."

He encased it in a Prana Bomb, loaded it in the Sumatra Canon and shot it back. For a moment, Inala stared at the Free Humans on Roit Island, clicking his tongue, 'What a waste!'

There were less than thirty people left with a Spirit Container. He couldn't make a clean sweep, but he dared not stay long enough to finish the work, 'At the first sign of risk, flee to refine plans for the future.'

A moment's hesitation would collapse everything he worked hard for. "We're running away, now!"



Chapter 319 Spirit Container Assimilation

"Gannala, it's time." Inala said and grabbed Gannala by the shoulder, consoling her, "You'll be fine, I promise."

"Dad, what if I never become a full-fledged Empyrean Tusk after doing this?" Gannala expressed her fear, "I'm going against my natural state."

"Look into my memories," Inala stared at her in seriousness, "Am I someone that would hinder your growth?"

"It's not about that, Dad." Gannala spoke nervously, "Will I really be alright once I destroy all my biomes?"

"It's a necessity to obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator." Inala said and hugged her, "So, be brave, alright?"

"Your courage will lead the Empyrean Tusk race to greater heights."

"Okay," Gannala nodded weakly and began to spit out everything stored in her biomes, forming large piles on Roit Island.

Without any hesitation, Inala packed all the resources in giant Prana Bombs, shrunk them, and swallowed them into his stomach. The moment they arrived within his stomach biome, they reverted to their original size and were then distributed by the army of Empyrean Zingers throughout the biome.

In a matter of minutes, Gannala felt like a beggar, struck by poverty, feeling an absolute abyss of emptiness.

"If you're ever unsure, read my mind," Inala said, encased her in a Prana Bomb and swallowed her. He then stared at Asaeya, "Take care of her, alright?"

"I will," Asaeya approached him and grabbed his hand, "Will you be alright?"

"Our current situation is the worst-case scenario, right?"

"Nope," Inala chuckled and shook his head, "The worst-case scenario is our deaths. We still have a bit of leeway here."

"Will you be alright confronting the Boar King directly?" Asaeya stared at him with moistened eyes, "I'm worried about you. What if he sees through your Inhibition Needle? What if he recognises you even in your female form? What if…"

"Don't worry," Inala consoled her and rubbed her back, "If something happens, I'll try to think of a way to survive."

"After all, that's why I have a brain in my head, right?" Inala encased her in a Prana Bomb and placed her in his biome, "I'll keep thinking."

Now that all the biomes in Gannala's organs had vanished, she could be placed in his stomach biome without causing its collapse. Immediately after, Inala cleaned the place of all traces of his actions.

He poured any debris into the Dralh Sea after attaching them to a large stone. This way, it would head to the seabed and would be taken care of during the Death Hour. Following that, he carried an empty Prana Bomb in his hand and waved it around, causing it to absorb any traces of Prana present in the air.

A minute later, he leaped onto the Dralh Sea and began to run in the direction of Leh Island. Once he was a kilometre away from Roit Island, Inala used his Sumatra Canon to unleash a powerful thrust of wind, using it to traverse a large distance through the air.

He landed and unleashed another thrust, repeating the process ten times in total before the Sumatra Canon ran out of shots. He ran for the following minute, and once it was charged, travelled large distances with the wind thrusts once again.

Arriving at Leh Island, Inala took a moment to breathe and regulate himself. He then took on his female form and brought out a Brangara puppet that only looked like the original. The Brangara puppets possessing traces of the Boar King's presence were sent out to distract the original, intending to buy as much time as possible.

'Alright, let's start.' He exhaled softly and got down on the ground, shouting shrilly, "P-Please spare me!"

"Be quiet, idiot." The Brangara puppet grabbed Inala by the hair and dragged his body through the mine entrance, causing the Free Humans working within to stare at the scene in confusion. For some reason, even though the Brangara puppet didn't release any presence, they refrained from helping Inala.

They were scared, not knowing who this foreign entity was. If he dared to enter the mine despite the Cooter Clan immortals protecting Leh Island from all harm, it meant either he got their permission or dealt with them to act as he pleased.

Everyone assumed the former to be the case and hence stepped aside.

The Brangara puppet brought Inala to a deep corner of the mine and slammed him there. Following that, the puppet exited the mine and vanished. In truth, it shrunk itself into a grain at the shores of the island, allowing the waves to gradually pull it into the sea, hiding all traces.

"It…hurts!" Inala howled in pain, "Someone…save me! It hurts!"

A Free Human youth was unable to endure hearing Inala's cries of pain any longer and intended to head to his rescue. But suddenly, an older man held his hand and offered words of wisdom, "The immortals wouldn't have allowed that man to put her here without a valid reason. Don't be reckless and get yourself killed."

"But…" The youth frowned upon hearing Inala's cries for help, "I can't bear to watch someone in pain."

"Go mine somewhere else," The older man patted the youth's back, "Out of sight, out of mind."

"We only need to do our duty to live in peace. Let's not forget how dangerous the world outside is."

"Someone…anyone, please, save me!" Inala continued to holler, all while trailing his focus on his ears, smiling upon observing that the Free Humans avoided the place in fear.

Immediately after, he spat out Wittral and a bunch of Empyrean Zingers, setting up an operating table to begin their work.

Similar to the operation he did on the Free Humans of Fral and Roit Islands, Inala made an incision on Wittral's chest and used his Spirit Containers to create a route towards his heart. And once he found the latter's Spirit Container, he seeped his Prana into it.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Harvest!

"Quick!" He said as the Empyrean Zingers nearby carefully stored Wittral's Spirit Container in a Lifeforce-rich Life Bomb. He swallowed it and observed it land into Gannala's hold. Now, Wittral had no Prana in his body.

Following that, Inala took out a bunch of Lifeforce-rich Life Bombs and grabbed the Free Human Spirit Containers stored in each. He placed it on Wittral's heart and poured Lifeforce into it, following which his Spirit Container—shaped like a needle—made a quick poke.

The Free Human Spirit Container fell into Wittral's heart while the hole healed right as the needle retracted, thanks to the abundant Lifeforce.

Inala's Prana seeped into the heart as he activated an ultimate ability derived from the Mudropper's data, the pivotal point of his entire plan.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Assimilation!

The Free Human Spirit Container influenced by Mystic Mist Art naturally assimilated into Wittral's heart thanks to this Prime Skill, becoming his Spirit Container, containing one Prana.

"It's working spectacularly!" Followed by a grin, Inala seeped his Prana into Wittral's heart, repeating the above process.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Extraction!

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Assimilation!

The Spirit Containers of the Free Humans were rapidly converted into Wittral's, stored in Lifeforce-rich Life Bombs, and sent to Inala's stomach biome.

Through his Secondary Nature, he felt the Boar King's movements, becoming nervous to see the latter's position suddenly change and skew in a certain direction. 'He's already done fighting the Cooter Clan? He's seriously whimsical.'

"Dammit!"



Chapter 320 Kill the Boar King

Inala worked in a hurry, extracting as many of Wittral's Spirit Containers as possible. All these Spirit Containers only contained one Prana, but that was enough. Inala currently had approximately twenty thousand Free Human Spirit Containers.

Through the Prime Skill of Spirit Container Assimilation, they could be converted into twenty thousand of Wittral's Spirit Containers.

Whether it be extracting the Spirit Containers of Free Humans or Wittral's, only Inala could do so. It was because the Prana signature of anyone else would cause hindrance to Gannala.

He was her parent and due to the Mystic Path shared between them, not to mention the Empyrean Tusk—Mammoth Clansmen relationship, the Spirit Containers would remain in a state beneficial to her.

That was why he couldn't make the Empyrean Zingers harvest Free Human Spirit Containers from other islands. Had that been possible, he would have finished his work within a day and could be chilling right now.

[Starve yourself to the limit. And when you're hungry, consume Wittral's Spirit Containers!]

Gannala read his thoughts and prepared herself. Without her biomes, she didn't have a steady stream of energy flowing through her body, generated from the vast sum of resources. As a result, she was already starting to feel hungry.

Gannala grabbed a Life Bomb with Wittral's Spirit Container, poked a hole in its shell, and downed its contents. She sat at a corner and activated Mystic Bone Art, beginning to digest the Spirit Container that unleashed a subtle effect on her Spirit Container.

And slowly, upon feeling some mild changes, though she was absolutely averse to the thought of, Gannala sighed deeply as she had no other choice; she activated Mystic Mist Art. She lost close to fifty Prana as a result of a single activation, becoming irritated.

But the moment she activated it, there was a stronger reaction from her Spirit Container that consumed and assimilated Wittral's Spirit Container into it. A few minutes later, she stopped using Mystic Mist Art and downed an Elixir.

She didn't use Mystic Bone Art to digest it, for activating it would erase the influence brought about by consuming Wittral's Spirit Container. Instead, she closed her eyes and fell asleep, waiting for her stomach to naturally digest the Elixir and recover her Prana reserves.

Her task was to consume Wittral's Spirit Containers in the above process while remaining in a starved state for as long as possible, until there was a qualitative change in her body. When that happens, Inala would target Cooter Clansmen in the Spirit Stage to extract their Spirit Containers, the final part of the recipe.

While Inala was working hard, the battle between the Empyrean Snappers and the Boar King got intense. Both sides launched powerful attacks at each other, strong enough to kill the average Gold Grade Pranic Beast many times over.

The Boar King's figure cunningly roamed across the desert island, ensuring to always remain outside the Empyrean Snapper's kill zone—its Spirit Weapon radius. He unleashed Prana Shocks from farther away to keep them at bay and force them on the defensive.

Suddenly, a powerful shockwave rippled out of his body, travelling for dozens of kilometres until he felt a potent prickle on a certain location of his skin, 'He's gotten to a comfortable spot.'

The Boar King had been waiting all along for the familiar figure to keep moving until he came across a favourable terrain for the Boar King. And now, that had happened.

Between the familiar figure and the Boar King stood close to eleven islands of various shapes. In this line of travel, there was more land than water, enough for the Boar King to throw off his pursuers and reach the familiar figure.

'Time to charge!' With a thought, the Boar King took on his Empyrean Boar King form and leaped with force, crossing the encirclement of Empyrean Snappers to slam into the water. Its legs paddled with force to move with a decent speed.

"Don't let him escape!" Geugeu bellowed and struck the Boar King's body with multiple lightning bolts. While the latter wasted precious moments evading them, the Empyrean Snappers quickly closed in the gap.

"Persistent!" The Boar King snorted and unleashed a barrage of shockwaves, preventing the Empyrean Snappers from enveloping his figure in their Spirit Weapon range. After a few minutes of cat and mouse chase, the Boar King landed on an island where he kicked up a notch in speed.

His figure flickered and sped forward, accelerating to the limit before slamming into the sea beyond. While he travelled through the sea, the Empyrean Snappers quickly reached him. And when land approached, he was able to put some distance between each other.

"He's…terrifying." The old man muttered alongside twenty-seven other Settlement Leaders, only managing to recover now from the shocking situation where all twenty-eight of them had lost a life instantly, unable to do anything.

They were all aware of how powerful the Boar King was but had never expected him to be this domineering. "And this is while he's in the Body Stage."

The old man shuddered at the thought, "How the heck did the Mammoth Clan kill him twice?"

"Dammit!" He slammed his fist into the sand, unleashing a ripple through the desert island. He was actually strong. Only before the Boar King did he appear batshit weak. "Eh?"

During his anger outburst, the old man noticed something buried deep in the sand that reacted to his Prana. "There's something here."

Deep underground, at a depth of three hundred metres was an Empyrean Zinger Scout holding a vial. The vial was made out of glass and stored water created using the Water Slip Skill. All along, it had been feeling the shockwaves traversing through the sand, keeping watch alertly.

Only after the Boar King left did it begin to make its way upward, coming in proximity to the Cooter Clan Settlement Leaders. Once the old man felt something from its location, as his Prana reacted, the Empyrean Zinger Scout committed suicide to become a speck of grain, having successfully completed its mission.

The old man hurriedly dug through the sand and came across a vial, immediately recognising what it was, "There's a Water Slip here!"

"Quick, check its contents." All the Settlement Leaders converged upon the old man who popped open the vial and downed its contents.

…

[If you're seeing this, please leave. Don't fight the Boar King. The previous message I sent out was only because the Boar King did something to me. I wasn't in the right state of mind back then. I would rather die than implicate my Clan. So, don't you guys ever face him. He's strong beyond our expectations.]

[The moment I get an opportunity, I'll commit suicide. So, please, please. Don't fight the Boar King on my behalf. We'll lose too many Empyrean Snappers!]

…

"No…this is absurd…" Tears streamed out of the old man's eyes as he shook his head like a broken record, "That can't be possible, not him, not our Wittral…"

"What happened?" A bad feeling enveloped the hearts of the Settlement Leaders as they stared at the despair-ridden face of the old man.

"It's over," The old man activated his Water Slip Skill to hover small clusters of water before the faces of each, "We're done for."

"There's no future for the Cooter Clan."

As the Settlement Leaders consumed the Water Slip, they came to the frightening realisation that to prevent the Cooter Clan from sustaining irrecoverable damage from fighting against the Boar King, Wittral had already…committed suicide.

"That's bullshit!" The old man roared in rage as Prana billowed out of him. Blood streamed down his eyes as veins popped all over his body. His heart thumped violently as Prana gushed into his bloodstream from his Spirit Container at levels many times the usual, placing immense stress on his being.

"Fucking Boar!" A massive cloud covered him as the old man leaped into the Dralh Sea and skated forth at terrifying speeds, blinded by rage, "I'll kill you! How dare you harm our Deity?"

"I'll butcher you!"



