Chapter 391 Make a Choice

"When did you arrive here?" Orakha asked, "And who was that woman?"

"Someone I've employed to do my bidding. Anyway," Inala motioned towards the nearby seat, "Don't remain standing."

"I'll pass. Tell me what you want. I'm a busy man." Orakha didn't accept the offer and instead remained standing, alert.

"Why are you paranoid? I won't kill you." Inala groaned in annoyance and said, "I came here to talk to you about a certain someone."

"Who?" Orakha asked, still on guard.

"Maroppa," Inala said, unflinching when a jet-black serpent hovered before his face, threatening to eat him. He ignored it and peered towards the figure of Orakha on the side, "Why are you reacting in this way? I'm not Virala."

"They why take that name?" Orakha glared, his face red with anger, "And how did you find out about her?"

"Relax, I knew her before you." Inala shrugged, "And indirectly, it was thanks to her that I'm alive."

Orakha observed Inala's face and recalled the information he had regarding the latter, 'Inala's trash, but not the same breed as Virala. Fine, I can at least hear what he has to say. I can find out if it's related to a blasted scheme of his.'

His Mystic Eater pulled a chair towards him as Orakha took a seat and stared at Inala, "Speak. I'll decide once I hear you out."

"Wow, so much so for trust." Inala put on a fakery display of disappointment, "I had forgiven you for the shit you pulled towards Asaeya. But you're acting hurt for just being asked to listen. Man, if hypocrisy had a face…"

"Alright, alright, I got it. I apologise for my actions back at the Guna Caves." Orakha raised his hands in surrender, "I won't put an attitude, okay? So, just get to the point."

"As expected of my closest friend. You know me the best." Inala made a hollow chuckle and explained as concisely as possible, "Maroppa is a Mudropper. I made a deal with her using the Boar King's data that I got from the Supreme Tusk Gannala. Using that, she got his Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, assumed human form, and came here to live in peace."

"She created a Sandy-Grey Ring within which I fell alongside Gannala and Asaeya. Thanks to this Sandy-Grey Ring, the environment there was safe enough for me to establish a foothold and develop in peace." Inala finished the explanation, "I met you once I left there."

"Mudropper?" Orakha was stunned by the information, "You mean the Pranic Beast race that is said to be able to create the Sandy-Grey Void? Didn't they become extinct?"

"Actually, she's the last of their kind." Inala said, "Truth be told, a good majority of them were killed by the Mammoth Ancestor. So, we're very related."

"What the…fuck?" Orakha felt a headache as he glared at Inala, "If this is a joke, tell it in advance…"

He stopped speaking when a Bone Slip slammed into his face. With the scene being familiar, Orakha instinctively turned around, sighing in relief to see that Gannala wasn't there. He accessed the Bone Slip and observed a detailed scene of the Mudropper in its Pranic Beast form, extracted from Inala's memories.

To spice things up, Inala also added in the scene of Maroppa asking if Orakha would accept her despite knowing that she was a Mudropper.

With so much proof, Orakha had no choice but to accept it as the truth. He took a few minutes to digest all the information and asked, "You met her today?"

"Yeah." Inala nodded, "I talked to her through my subordinate. It came as a pleasant surprise to see her when I was tailing you. And seeing her behave close to you, I thought of some things and decided to reveal myself to you."

"Anyway, she's why I came to talk to you." Inala said in all seriousness, "Honestly, I have accessed your memories from my daughter. That's why I decided to give it to you straight."

He pointed at Orakha and said, "Become close to her. She's tremendously valuable to the Mammoth Clan."

"Why would I do something like that just because you asked me to?" Orakha snorted, "I'm not some pawn that you can move…"

"Fine, I can't force you against your will." Inala shrugged and got up, sighing as he muttered upon reaching the exit, "It seems I can only talk to Virala…"

"Stop it right there, fucker!" Mystic Eaters rushed out of Orakha and covered the entire room like sand filled to the brim in a jar, "I'll fucking murder you if you dare pull shit like that. I'll kill Blola first before butchering you. So forget about getting revived."

"Then stop acting like an arrogant piece of shit." Inala snorted, "You like her anyway, right? So get your shit together. I'm not sure if Virala has arrived here already or not. But if he did and sees you with a talented woman like her, you think he will refrain from making a move on her?"

"You don't understand a fraction of what Maroppa is capable of." Inala said with a tone of mockery, "Get it through your thick skull and avoid losing out on someone like her when she's into you."

He then swatted the Mystic Eaters to the side like they were flies, opened the door, and exited the room.

Once Inala left, Orakha stared at the Mystic Eaters that had been swatted by him, observing that the majority of the Prana forming their makeup had been stolen, 'This fucker has grown stronger than before.'

"Man, I don't like being pressured to pursue a woman, irrespective of whether or not she's my choice." Orakha slumped on the bed as he sighed, massaging his forehead as he retracted his Mystic Eaters. It wasn't a lie that he liked Maroppa. But that emotion wasn't love.

Besides, he hadn't processed the fact that she wasn't a Free Human but a Mudropper. It would be impossible to pursue a woman just on a whim or for benefits. He was a merchant, but he kept business and personal life separate.

His life on Earth was one where both his business and personal life were intertwined. His marriage there had been one of convenience. He didn't love his wife there. The case was the same for her too.

The families of each other made a union out of their marriage to improve their business prospects. Orakha was the one that was used as a chip for the deal. It was why he took to a life of escapism and immersed himself in the world of novels, becoming infatuated with Sumatra Chronicles.

And now, in this infatuated world, he didn't wish to repeat living such a hollow life. "I won't force myself to be together with a woman just for benefits…"

He hadn't finished speaking when he noticed a scroll tucked away in a corner of the bed. Curious, he pulled it out and unfurled it, noticing a line of words written at the top, "If you're unable to make a decision, make your choice based on what you feel after seeing this."

His eyes trailed below the sentence and stared at a drawing of Maroppa in a loving embrace with Virala. An instant later, the scroll went up in flames and was vaporised.

Veins popped all over his face and neck as Orakha seethed in anger, "Fucker! He knows how to trigger me!"

"Dammit!" The sentence written on the scroll echoed in his mind once Orakha calmed down. It made him realise that he liked Maroppa more than he thought, unwilling to see any other male get close to her. "But is that a romantic attraction towards her? Or am I just concerned about her wellbeing?"

"Shit! I don't know!" He buried his face in his hands, frustrated.



Chapter 392 Infiltrating Arlfarah Mansion

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Claw!

Outside the hotel room, Inala casually clenched his bony claws layered with Prana Bomb, and retracted them. With his current expertise, he was able to instantly create them and put them to use.

When the Mystic Eaters were in his way, he used the Prana Claw Skill and swatted them to the side, absorbing Prana upon contact. He activated and deactivated it by the time his hand finished the swatting motion.

Moreover, he also used Internal Inertial Gravity at that moment to truly attack with force, which was why the dense cluster of Mystic Eaters was swatted to the side like flies. It was a sheer display of skill, which was why Orakha didn't try anything against him.

That one interaction was enough for Orakha to realise that the current Inala was way stronger than the one he faced at the entrance of Guna Caves. The cause was simple.

Data! Experience! Memories! Instinct!

He had been gathering data from a variety of beings through his Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill. Back at the Guna Caves, when he met Orakha, Inala hadn't begun to comprehend that data.

But now, he had comprehended large portions of them, taking advantage of his time at Dralh Sea where he didn't have a Spirit Container. Inala meditated for hours during then, slowly going through the memories in his mind.

In his powerless state, he selectively allowed the data to influence his being and, as a result growing by leaps and bounds. His current form was of someone who had been through countless battles and had lived for many centuries.

And the longer he was given time to devour data of other beings and comprehend them, the stronger he would become. Even if his abilities remain the same, the way in which he could use them would become numerous, capable of endless inspiration.

Inala calmly walked through the corridor as he observed that no eyes were on him. He took on his female form and tugged his clothes, changing them into female wear while he hid the rest in a tight sash around his stomach.

'There's only Orakha here.' Inala smiled, having confirmed it from Orakha. When he talked about Virala with Orakha, he inferred based on the latter's facial expression that at the current moment, the only reincarnate in Brimgan Empire was Orakha.

That wasn't an accurate confirmation, since Virala and the rest could have slipped through Orakha's information network. But Inala felt like he could gamble at the moment. After all, he had sent the Boar King chasing after Virala.

Therefore, it wouldn't be realistic for Virala to arrive at the Brimgan Empire so early. 'Even now, I took action before Orakha's information network could compile my appearance.'

There was a good chance they would note down Inala's travel route once he entered the street with Arlfarah Mansion. It would just be a day or two before they investigate everything regarding him. By then, the initiative would lay with Orakha.

It was why the moment he spotted Orakha and Maroppa, he took action before Orakha could gather enough information and prepare himself.

In a similar vein of thought, he planned to take action as soon as possible before the others could establish themselves in Fentan City. An hour's casual walk later, Inala arrived at Akahah Street, the street where Arlfarah Mansion was situated.

Many mansions similar to Arlfarah Mansion occupied the street, fully armed with guards. He sensed that all the guards were at the Body Stage, the majority of which were only in the initial phase of the Body Stage.

The Head Guard in charge of security in these mansions was at the peak of the Body Stage, and typically had Human Avatars made out of a Silver Grade mineral. The mineral was obviously the weakest and cheapest among Silver Grade minerals, but it was still at the Silver Grade.

Security was tight. But this also meant that since the mansions were heavily guarded, they needn't be that alert on the street itself. Of course, unless one had a death wish, they wouldn't make a mess in Akahah Street.

Anyone causing even the slightest of disturbance would straight up be beheaded. There would be no exceptions, since the people living in these mansions stemmed from a family of power and could casually get away with killing people in broad daylight.

Inala wasn't afraid exactly because of this reason. As he walked along Akahah Street, he felt many eyes on him. He simply acted as a passerby and continued to walk. And while doing so, the air around him gently fluttered.

His movements became slow and entered a harmonious frequency typically assumed by lizards to move while remaining hidden from their targets, even while in the open. As he continued to walk in such a manner, he felt the eyes on him drop down one after another.

The people casually stopped giving attention to him as he appeared harmless in their eyes. Moreover, he moved so naturally that over time, they became distracted and focused on other matters.

'Be patient!' Inala relied on the sea of data in his mind to walk, keeping his cultivation technique active.

Mystic Mist Art—Natural Presence!

His body would become one with his surroundings in terms of sight, sound, and scent, truly concealing his presence. The Skill of Natural Presence was what gave Inala the confidence to take action so early in the game.

He arrived at a stop before Arlfarah Mansion and stood still, observing that there were no eyes on him. Shrubs were planted alongside the street, creating a natural ambiance to the place. Selecting a spot behind a wide enough shrub, Inala came to a halt. He then leaned on the wall and seemed to merge into the presence of the wall.

Secondary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

His figure gradually seeped into the wall. He moved as slowly as possible to avoid leaving behind any traces. The walls of Arlfarah Mansion were a shade of deep red, similar to beetroot, made out of a granite-like material.

Since it was uniform both outside and inside, there wouldn't be any traces revealed in terms of colour. As long as Inala pays attention to the surface finish, he would be fine.

It took him a whole ten minutes to enter the wall and hide all traces of his entry, keeping watch all along to ensure no one paid attention to him. Now, he was within the wall, fully hidden within.

Through Subtle Terrain Domination, he created a pinhole on the wall, drawing in air to breathe. Now that he had entered the wall, his next task was to gain entry into the Mansion, 'This will take a while.'

His figure slowly moved downward as Inala kept attention to ensure all his tracks remained hidden. Thankfully, the thick layer of solid forming the walls would prevent any Prana detection means from sensing him. So, he only had to pay attention to heat and sounds.

In that regard, he came prepared, continuing to move like a piece of iron in a block of jelly. Soon, he was deep underground, at a depth of ten metres. By now, he was sweating like crazy, using Mystic Mist Art to store all the sweat in a vial.

Like a worm, he slowly moved through the soil, making a beeline towards the mansion situated at the centre of an expansive garden, careful in his motion.



Chapter 393 The Peeking Eye

Arlfarah Mansion occupied an area of 1.8 square kilometres, absolutely massive given the property rates at Akahah Street. It was an ancestral property that had been passed down for generations, for Arlfarah Mansion also doubled down as an auction house for the wealthy.

There was a pond at the entrance, home to a variety of marine Pranic Beasts that had been domesticated after centuries of sheltered upbringing. These Pranic Beasts lost touch with what they could do, drastically different from their wild counterparts.

Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Phine Fish!

This was the strongest Pranic Beast race found in the pond, their numbers limited, but their contribution was of pivotal importance. Their primary function is to maintain the ecology of their home and ensure it remains self-sufficient, doing everything in their power to maintain it as such, no matter how much the ecology gets damaged from external influences.

Primary Nature—Satiety Upbringing!

From growing moss to helping other races lay down eggs to help them hatch, Phine Fishes did everything in their power to ensure the pond thrived with vitality. Out in the wilds, they were aggressive, eating up anything that was invasive in nature and could disrupt the ecology.

They would purposefully cause other fishes to breed in excess to birth more eggs than necessary. Phine Fishes would then hunt the excess eggs for game, deriving sadistic pleasure from the process. They had a virtuous effect on the ecology but were sadistic by default.

In Arlfarah Mansion's Pond, the Phine Fishes had become tame, having been living here generation after generation. Their sadistic natures were curbed to the limit, turning them into gentle creatures that took care of their surroundings.

The place was littered with ponds, with each occupying no more than a thousand square metres in area. Basically, if assumed to be a square, the sides were a bit longer than thirty metres.

All ponds were connected by underground channels to create water circulation, also allowing the marine Pranic Beasts in one pond to swim into another and vice versa.

Intricately carved bridges were laid arching over the ponds, made from the same beet red granite that formed the walls. The scene was picturesque as every pond was surrounded by a small forest, making them each seem like a separate world of vitality.

There were three buildings in total at the estate. First was the main mansion where the owner, Farloon Brimgan lived. He was part of the Brimgan Royalty and had a cultivation at the 2-Life Stage. He wasn't a Prince and was merely one of the many members of the Royal Family.

Farloon Brimgan had a family of eight—a wife and seven children. The oldest son was twenty-eight years old while the youngest was an eleven-year-old daughter. All his kids cultivated the Gold Kinesis Art, but their strength was minimal at best.

Even the oldest had only recently entered the Body Stage. As the Brimgan Royalty had too many people, resources were only given to family members based on their achievements and contributions.

The Brimgan Royalty was split into a main family and multiple branch families. Only the most exceptional among the current generation would get the title of Prince and Princess, with their respective families becoming part of the main family. Everyone else of the same generation would be relegated to branch family status.

This process is repeated for every generation. Hence, the status of being part of the main and branch families changed all the time. Farloon Brimgan wasn't talented enough to become a Prince during his generation.

He simply retired to Arlfarah Mansion and led a peaceful life. As his contributions were minimal, he wasn't given much Rutham by the Royal Family. Hence, his cultivation stagnated at the 2-Life Stage.

There was no need for him to increase his strength, hence Farloon Brimgan relegated whatever Rutham he got to his children. All of his children were plenty talented, but compared to the monsters of geniuses gathering in the capital, they were nothing.

Hence, he simply allowed them to do what they pleased, roping them all into his business, which was to run the auction house.

Situated nearby the main mansion was a large tower that reached a height of 220 metres, acting as an auction house. It was one of the biggest auction houses in the Brimgan Empire, often trading valuable goods.

And finally, situated behind the main mansion was an outhouse, meant for the guards and servants of the mansion to stay at. They were part of a generational lineage of servants.

The talented ones among them became guards and protected the estate while the inadequately talented ones remained maids. Their kids would take up roles in a similar fashion.

More than two hundred people were living in the servant house, maintaining the estate with their everything.

Twenty metres away from the outhouse stood a tree, one amongst many in the small forest. Suddenly, one of the barks parted open to reveal an eye that stared at the outhouse and observed the servants in action.

A couple minutes later, the eye retreated into the tree as the bark reverted to its original position. From time to time, an eye would open amongst a random tree bark and observe the surroundings before vanishing, its existence uncaptured by anyone part of Arlfarah Mansion.

Gradually, the eye got closer to the main mansion and soon, it popped open amongst one of its hallways, acting as the eye of one of the paintings there that had opened up.

"Hmm?" A maid stopped and turned to the side and stared at the painting of a woman holding an earthen pot, wearing revealing clothes to symbolise the fashion sense from a classical era of the Empire. The maid catered to one of the older sons of the mansion, primarily in charge of cleaning the rooms.



He frowned and stared at the eye of the woman in the painting, "Did something move?"

There was no difference in the painting, causing him to stare at it for a few seconds before proceeding about in his way. As a maid, he was only at the Spirit Stage, possessing inadequately developed senses.

Once he left, the eye of the woman in the painting opened once again and observed him. A few seconds later, it vanished. There was no evidence left behind, but someone was moving through the walls, as slowly as possible to ensure everything before and after his arrival remained the exact same.

At a snail's pace, Inala moved through the walls, occasionally inching his eye closer to the surface to peer out and note down his position. Eventually, he made his way to the master bedroom and observed the figure of Farloon Brimgan engaged in nightly activities with his wife.

He kept watch for a few minutes until the activity ended, following which he retreated into the ceiling and made his way to the kitchen, watching the maid there prepare a cool drink for Farloon Brimgan and his wife.

It seemed the husband-and-wife pair made love at this time every day, hence the maids were making routine drinks. Upon noticing that the drink was almost completed, Inala smirked and sent out a string of Prana generated through his Tertiary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis.

The string remained transparent and seeped into the drink, unable to be detected by the maid who wasn't using any Prana detection methods. The string stirred the drink faintly while seeping a tinge of Inala's Prana into it, generated after he activated Mystic Mist Art.

'It's done.' Smiling in response, Inala retracted the string and retreated into the ceiling, peeking out of the ceiling in the study where he observed Farloon Brimgan and his wife had gathered to discuss work as usual.

Before them were empty glasses of the drinks that he had altered just now.



Chapter 394 Buying a Residence

There wasn't any change in Farloon Brimgan and his wife. However, of course, the drink was altered to only affect those who practice Gold Kinesis Art, the cultivation technique of Brimgan Empire Royalty.

The fluid ingested by Farloon Brimgan would have to be digested by his stomach for it to take effect. As it would take a while, Inala calmly remained in the ceiling and kept watch.



Three hours later, he noticed Farloon Brimgan's eyes turn red for a moment as he wiped a droplet of tears that streamed out.

"Strange, why do I feel this way all of a sudden?" He muttered in confusion and shook his head. There was a feeling of nostalgia building up in him, followed by a mild sense of longing.

Upon seeing the effects, Inala retreated into the ceiling and began to make his return. His objective here was done for the time being.

The effects of the drink were very subtle. It'll cause Farloon Brimgan to develop a familial sense of longing for Amita Brimgan, as if he had a debt towards Fhoong Brimgan, and only by taking care of Amita Brimgan could he repay that debt.

At present, he wouldn't know that and would just feel as if something was missing. Of course, thanks to the drink, he would be able to recognise Amita Brimgan with a glance. Moreover, Inala had made an influence in such a way that the smell of a certain drink that he would brew in the future would bring Farloon Brimgan to that place, lured in by a feeling of nostalgia.

This nostalgia would be what would allow Inala to legally enter Arlfarah Mansion and make a living there.

Halfway along his return, Inala subtly barged into the treasury of the place and stole a bag of 1400 Briga, the Brimgan Empire's currency. One Briga equalled eight Parute Fruits and was a decent sum of money.

1400 Briga was a sum of money Farloon Brimgan wouldn't even notice the disappearance of. Inala stopped at that amount for that was enough for his current needs. He could use that as a deposit for the tea house he would purchase later.

He didn't want to steal anymore, for he wanted Wittral to have a goal—buying the tea house—to pursue and be busy towards. 1400 Briga was merely for his convenience, nothing more, nothing less.

Inala soon exited Arlfarah Mansion and arrived at his concealed spot between the wall and the shrub. It was nighttime now and the street was lit by oil lamps.

Luminescent moss was common on Sumatra Continent and was generally used in all places. They were the most common sources of light, since all they needed for maintenance was moisture. There were glowing rocks following suit, used in places lacking moisture.

The oil lamps here were expensive and used for aesthetic purposes. It produced a gentle orange hue and the generated smoke was aromatic, creating a scenic atmosphere on the night-lit Akahah Street.

Inala exited the street slowly while employing his Skill of Natural Presence. Soon, he was strolling on a street far away from Arlfarah Mansion, watching carriages of all sorts ply the road.

Plenty of looks were shot his way, for he was eye-catching thanks to the beautiful lock of hair covering his head. He flashed a gentle smile towards a man skating on the opposite side, chuckling upon seeing the latter become so enamoured that he forgot to look out in his direction of movement and slammed into a wall nearby.

'It seems I'll be pretty well received in Brimgan Society's beauty standards.' He already knew this beforehand, but personally experiencing it spoke volumes, and also the risks associated with being a drop-dead gorgeous beauty.

His eyes shot towards a metal banner that formed a shop's plaque, using its reflective surface to spot a group of three shadowing him from thirty metres away. They obviously weren't up to good. 'Indeed, this will happen.'

The trio were merely at the Spirit Stage. Even if they were at the Body Stage, Inala could kill them instantly. But the Brimgan Empire had a competent investigative team that would conduct a search once concerned people of the trio lodged a complaint about their disappearance.

Just based on Fhoong Brimgan's data alone, it was impossible to avoid being captured. Inala would have to rack up his head to avoid capture. This data was already outdated on many fronts as it was many centuries old.

The Brimgan Empire's methods would have evolved after Fhoong Brimgan's era. Therefore, without knowing what they had in their arsenal, putting a target on his back would end up wasting too much of Inala's time and effort. Hence, losing sight of the trio would be the fastest.

Thinking as such, Inala continued to walk. The moment he approached a corner, he leaped to the terrace of a building, used the Skill of Natural Presence, changed clothes as he reverted to his male form, and landed on the street.

There was a mild smirk on his expression as he saw the trio run past him in confusion.

"Dammit, where did she go?"

"Spread out! Contact more of our brothers!"

"We'll have to find out who she is."

'I can use them to keep Wittral occupied.' Inala thought and returned to their hotel, entering the room to see an anxious Wittral prancing around.

"Why are you looking like that?" Wittral frowned upon seeing Inala enter the room in his male form.

"Well, some goons came after me." Inala sighed and slumped on the chair once he became a female, "I managed to avoid them like this. But it's still a pain."

He activated Mystic Mist Art to cause all the hair on his body to fall off and watched Wittral burn them off. "I managed to find some good locations, but I can't make a decision so early."

"I'll accompany you tomorrow." Wittral said, "I brewed more than enough for the time being. We're running short on cash too."

"Just tell me if anyone harasses you. I'll kill them." Wittral snorted in anger.

"I'm strong enough to take care of them myself. But it'll be a pain," Inala groaned in annoyance, "There will be consequences to killing someone here. If we do something like that, forget setting up a tea house, we'll probably be forced to flee this place. Otherwise, we'll be spending our lives in prison."

"Free Humans are annoying." Wittral clicked his tongue and then accompanied Inala to have dinner. Following that, the duo entered their respective rooms to sleep.

The next day, Wittral accompanied Inala as they looked through prospective locations. But aware of his target, Inala led Wittral towards buildings with routes leading towards Arlfarah Mansion.

"This building looks good enough," Wittral commented on the fifth day of their search, staring at a two-storey building that had seen better days. It was a shop selling Spirit Weapons and had gone out of business after the owner died during a raid.

The owner's son had prospective employment in the capital city and didn't have time to bother with this failing business. Hence, he put the shop on sale.

"It needs some repairs, but this looks pretty great." Inala nodded, knowing very well that by simply using Prana Bombs alongside Subtle Terrain Domination, they could give a spectacular makeover to the place and transform it into a unique teahouse.

And best of all, it was situated at a corner on one of the routes leading to Arlfarah Mansion. If Farloon Brimgan wanted to head to the railway station, he would have to pass by this place, which made it the perfect location.

"Let's buy this place." Inala nodded in approval, watching Wittral grin in response and contact the owner of the place to receive a quotation.



Chapter 395 The Brimgan Empire is Built Different

650,000 Briga!

That was the quotation given by the owner, causing Inala and Wittral to stare at each other in silence. It was an exorbitant sum of money.

Property prices were already high on the Southern Veins, but considering the prime location of the building they were looking at, the price was basically a fortune. If converted into Parute Fruits, it was enough to bring approximately 53,000 cultivators to the peak of the Spirit Stage.

"What…do you say?" Wittral asked, somewhat hesitant, "Isn't this too expensive?"

"Yes, but it's not an amount that's impossible for us. That is, if we're truly serious about this place." Inala said and whispered, "We could sell Zinger Eggs. They'll fetch a fortune here. But that'll end up revealing my abilities."

"No, that's risky. Everyone here only has a single Nature. We'll draw too much attention towards us in that case." Wittral shook his head.

"Then, let's just take a loan from a bank." Inala made a decision, "Leave convincing them to me."

"Are you sure?" Wittral asked in worry, "Are you planning to reveal your identity to them or something? Wouldn't that be risky?"

"No, revealing my identity is of no use." Inala shook his head, "There are many people of Royalty descent here. So, it won't be of any benefit. I'll just approach the bank for a loan through the regular channels."

"It hasn't been long since we became Citizens. Is getting a loan possible?" Wittral asked in worry.

Yes, taking a loan from the bank was possible. The interest rates too were reasonable. But that didn't mean anyone could get a loan, 'Without any collateral, how is she planning to convince them to fork out such a large sum of money on her behalf?'

"We're merely refugees that have begun to settle in this place. Neither our earnings are high nor have we displayed anything spectacular to receive sponsorships from people of power." Wittral argued. "How are you planning to get the loan?"

"I'll pledge a cultivation technique as collateral." Inala smirked, "I have plenty of Silver Grade cultivation techniques for Free Humans. I'll put one with a decent value for the bank as collateral. That should be enough to receive their support."

The next day, Inala and Wittral approached one of the well-reputed banks in the city and requested a loan by pledging a Silver Grade cultivation technique.



"Please take a seat while we verify the validity of this cultivation technique." The branch manager led Inala and Wittral to a room and exited with a thick book—detailed with the cultivation technique.

Four hours later, just as Inala and Wittral became bored with waiting, the manager returned alongside a wizened old man and asked, "Does this have a second part?"

"Yes, here." Wittral smiled profusely and handed out another equally thick book. He was assured by the fact that the moment they requested the second half of the cultivation technique, it implied their interest in it.

To avoid any problems, plagiarism, and a bunch of other sticky situations related to such a transaction, Inala only presented the first half of the cultivation technique. The branch manager brought in the wizened old man because of that reason, a scholar knowledgeable about cultivation techniques.

"This is a pretty interesting cultivation technique." The wizened old man muttered after glancing into the contents of the second half of the cultivation technique, "Is this from your homeland?"

"I believe you're from the Rumtara Kingdom."

"We're indeed from the Rumtara Kingdom, but this cultivation technique didn't originate from there." Having practiced the day before, Wittral spewed lies fluently, "My great grandfather brought this with him after travelling the outside world. The mineral necessary for building a Human Avatar using this cultivation technique wasn't available in the Rumtara Kingdom. So, we couldn't make use of it."

"Its mineral is available here." The wizened old man nodded, "Though it's pretty rare, we have the necessary resources to make use of it. So, I'll make a proposition."

"Two hundred thousand Briga." The wizened old man stared at Inala and Wittral, "If you're okay with it, our bank will purchase this cultivation technique for that amount and then provide you a loan for the remainder sum necessary to buy your desired property."

'Amita said we'll be making a profit if the quoted price is over one hundred eighty thousand Briga.' Wittral was internally amazed as he stared at Amita, 'Everything went as she had predicted. The bank is more than happy to buy it.'

'Of course, they gave a better quote than I predicted.' Inala's eyes glistened at the proposal. He purposefully created a cultivation technique for a mineral that hadn't been used to date. With it, the Brimgan Empire would have another new Human Avatar building technique.

Moreover, though weak, it was still at the Silver Grade. Hence, it had tremendous value. That was why the bank quoted twenty thousand more than the cultivation technique's price, since they wanted to claim it before any of their competitors got wind of it.

"We're happy with the arrangement." Inala smiled as he and Wittral signed a bunch of documents that were coded into their respective Citizen IDs. This way, as long as Inala flashes his ID anywhere in the Brimgan Empire, his ownership of the purchased property and the associated loan with the bank would be displayed.

Once he finishes payment, the property will truly become his.

It only took him a few hours to slap together a cultivation technique using Mystic Skill Creator, all thanks to the large volume of data he had available in him. He knew plenty of cultivation techniques created and refined by the Ganrimb Kingdom, not to mention the variety of techniques Fhoong Brimgan had learnt for reference in his time at the Brimgan Empire.

Using those as a reference, he could easily derive a Silver Grade cultivation technique. Honestly, if he didn't wish to lay low for the time being, he could easily amass a lot of wealth by selling cultivation techniques.

'There's a lot of risks associated with that. Too many people of importance would pay attention to me in that case. That's needless, since I only need to get into Arlfarah Mansion.' He thought. All other necessary arrangements could be made through his Empyrean Zinger army.

The bank paid the full amount to the property owner who was more than happy to receive such a large sum. The transfer of ownership was completed successfully as Inala and Wittral stared at the details being engraved on their Citizen IDs.

It was evening by the time they returned to the property that had now become theirs. Wittral entered it and observed the haggard interior. He casually cleaned a spot on the floor with Subtle Terrain Domination and took a seat, patting the area before him, "Take a seat, Amita."

The duo sat on the floor, facing each other as Wittral pulled a piece of wood and carved it into a sculpture, outlining a 3D model of the building that he was thinking of making, "How's this design?"

"The staircase should be more hidden." Inala said and pointed at a spot, "This place looks congested. Use it for decoration. Let's keep the table as part of the floor and create water streams like a circuit that runs across the place."

The duo discussed and finalised the design for a six-storey building with intricate craftsmanship. They planned to create it solely out of Prana Bomb, since it was the hardest material they could use that was the cheapest.

They could produce as much of it as they wanted, as long as they had sufficient Prana. And by layering it with a mineral of their choice, they could create the perfect colour and texture for an ambient tea house.

Just leaving it as a surface made out of Prana Bomb was risky, since that would alert the reincarnates. Hence, fusing another mineral would be perfect, similar to an alloy. With Subtle Terrain Domination, that was as easy as breathing.

Morning, the next day, the duo exited the Brimgan Empire on a carriage and headed towards the closest Pranic Beast region, intending to gather all resources necessary to construct a luxurious tea house.

The carriage was the size of a truck, spanning a length of twelve metres and a breadth of three metres. It had a large cargo space and could be transported to any City in the Brimgan Empire from its gates through the railway.

Hence, they were only in charge of driving it from the entrance to the designated area. Wittral had commissioned a team of drivers for that, four Body Stage cultivators. They had enough Prana reserves to move the cargo-filled truck back and forth for a single journey.

Renting the cargo and the four drivers from the associated company cost them 180 Briga, which was fairly reasonable, considering the services provided.

The four drivers were seated in the frontmost compartment while Inala and Wittral were seated in a private compartment above them, watching the truck leave the Brimgan Empire and proceed into the wilds through a beaten path.

Pranic Beasts began appearing within a few minutes but were scarce and had pitiful strength. Most had been hunted a day earlier, and hence, their numbers hadn't been replenished yet.

It was why Inala and Wittral set off in such a hurry, for a Raid had been conducted in the place just a day before. Raids happened at least once a month, so a couple of days following that was the safest to explore the region outside the Brimgan Empire.

Their truck wasn't alone as Inala observed many trucks moving alongside them, each heading to their respective destination. He casually observed his surroundings and counted more than thirty such trucks, 'The Brimgan Empire is built different.'



Chapter 396 Enrino and Enran

The truck travelled for four hours through the beaten path and covered a distance of eighty kilometres. This was already fast when compared to the rough routes filled with intercepting enemies.

Inala observed to the side, noticing the number of trucks had reduced significantly by now, 'It seems most of them require resources available in the Empire's vicinity.'

"Sir, we're approaching the territory of the Enrino." One of the drivers that had been resting climbed up to the top compartment where Inala and Wittral were seated to say, "Usually, people coming this far would be accompanied by an entourage. We want you to take care as it'll become dangerous from here onwards."

"Alright, noted." Wittral nodded and watched the driver return to his seat. He then grabbed the vial handed to him by Inala and drank it, "A Water Slip?"

"It has all the information I have about this place." Inala nodded. Most of the information present in the Water Slip was taken from Fhoong Brimgan. The rest simply consisted of information he heard by mingling with the travellers.

When a haired beauty approached them for a chat, many were happy to oblige. And this extended to even the women. However, most of their questions were regarding how Inala could grow and maintain such a pretty head full of hair.

"Sweet." Wittral nodded as he activated Mystic Mist Art and comprehended all the information available in the Water Slip. He then stared outside and muttered, "The Enrinos are a surprisingly weak race in comparison to the area they control."

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Enrino!

They had bodies made out of bark, with the head and arms resembling a leaf each. They had thin bodies, almost hair-like, barely reaching a height of two metres at their tallest. In a forest setting, they were capable of fully camouflaging themselves on the trees.

Enrinos survive by drinking tree sap and having an occasional diet of fruits. When they eat the fruits, they germinate the seeds, and once they shit out the excreta, a new sapling blooms out of it. Thanks to their interaction, the forest vegetation would be maintained lusciously.

Enrinos were a non-aggressive race and lived in peace. In terms of physical might, they were batshit weak, primarily reliant on camouflage to escape detection. While drinking tree sap, they were capable of circulating that through their skin, appearing no different to trees in the Prana detection methods of their predators.

Primary Nature—Satellite!

This was what they relied upon in case a predator managed to detect their existence and attack them. By drinking tree sap, the Enrino gathers necessary minerals in its abdomen and selects one based on its living condition.

By seeping its Prana into the mineral, the Enrino refines the object and condenses it outside its body in the shape of a leaf. This leaf remains close to its body and helps camouflage it better. When a predator comes close, the leaf acts as a shield to buy enough time for the Enrino to escape and camouflage itself in another spot.

The leaf can act as a Spirit Weapon when necessary and revolve protectively around the Enrino. Moreover, the speciality of the Satellite was that the Enrino could infuse its will into it, allowing the Satellite to function with a mind of its own.

The Satellite isn't capable of conscious thought but acts more like an instinctively driven single-celled organism. When a predator attacks, the Satellite moves in its way and blocks the attack. As long as the Prana in its body wasn't expended, it was capable of protecting the Enrino on its own.

Whenever the Enrino sleeps, it keeps a Satellite beside its body, which is how it can sleep in peace. Once created, a Satellite can function for days to even weeks, extremely energy efficient. When it doesn't move, it hardly expends any Prana.

Of course, as it actively keeps a lookout, it does keep consuming energy. But as long as the Enrino replenishes its Prana, the Satellite could function without issues. Typically, an Enrino maintains about three to four Satellites.

This is generally their limit, as their Prana replenishment rates wouldn't be able to handle any more Satellites.

As all Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were, the Enrinos had exceptional vitality. And considering their non-predatory nature, they had evolved to survive by making more of their numbers, having vitality on par with Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, inferior only to the likes of Mud Vipers.

As a result, even in the resource-rich region surrounding the Brimgan Empire where many Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had established their territories, the Enrinos controlled one of the largest regions, all because of their sheer numbers.

Even then, Enrinos were defensive creatures. As long as a large Pranic Beast race invaded them and actively hunted them, it was just a matter of time before they were hunted down to extermination. The reason that hadn't happened was very simple—Mutation!

Inala and Wittral observed their surroundings as they unanimously activated Subtle Terrain Domination, attentive. A few seconds later, their truck screeched to a halt as the glass door dented alarmingly, causing countless cracks.

In the centre of the dent was a piece of branch. The truck's glass was reinforced, capable of handling attacks from Iron Grade cultivators without issues. But despite that, a casual piece of tree branch managed to dent it.

"Sir, we'll have to stop here." One of the drivers spoke to Wittral, "We'll park at a safe spot here. Please proceed with your hunt."

"Alright," Wittral nodded and stared at Inala, "Shall we?"

"Yes," Inala nodded and jumped out of the truck.



The reason the Enrinos were able to carve out and maintain dominance over such a large territory in a region filled with Gold Grade Pranic Beasts was thanks to the Mutated Pranic Beasts that appeared in their race.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Enran!

In terms of appearance, they looked similar to an Enrino, but had an even smaller stature, reaching a metre among their tallest. Their characteristics were similar to an Enrino, but their defensive aspect was taken to the extreme, taking on an offensive nature.

Secondary Nature—Comet!

They had the same Primary Nature as the Enrino, which they used for defensive means. But they feel that lacking in protecting their territory. Whenever an Enrino feels threatened by a spike in the number of predators, more Enrans would pop up among their kind.

An Enran would refine a Satellite to be offensive, usually creating it to resemble a leaf, tree branch, a piece of bark, or a pebble and position them in the appropriate location.

A Comet's function is similar to a Satellite, but instead of defending against the predator, the moment a foreign entity comes within its range—180 metres—it slams into them like a meteor, leaving behind them a tail of dust and energy, which is why they came to be called Comets.

The Comet could exist on its own for days at a stretch without any Prana input from the Enran. Oftentimes, the Enran would leave behind a Comet at the entrance of the forest and live deep inside.

As long as it had enough Prana, it could leave behind and maintain around a dozen Comets.

Entering the territory of the Enrinos was dangerous because you wouldn't know what part of the forest was a comet. It could be a leaf, a tree bark, a piece of rock at the side, etc. Any forest item could suddenly slam into you with tremendous force and wound you seriously.

This camouflaged attack strategy was how the Enrinos prospered.



Chapter 397 Weight of One’s Soul

Inala had a few reasons for targeting the Enrinos. First of all, due to their non-aggressive nature, it was easier to harvest Prana from them. His abilities were perfect against them.

Secondly, he desired their data, since it was valuable for his evolution. Simply evolving into a stronger version was useless. He was planning to become an entity that countered the Boar King, hard. That was his goal.

And towards that, the Enrino was one of the countless races whose data would contribute to his success.



In Sumatra Continent, there were two ways to possess a power or ability. First was obviously a Nature. Through it, one was able to unleash a competent ability and live accordingly.

Second was something available only to the human race. And that was a cultivation technique. The abilities granted by a cultivation technique were almost on par with a Nature.

And obviously, Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art were on a whole other level, the abilities granted by them were powerful enough to be called a Nature. Take Mystic Bone Art for example. Through it, the Mammoth Clansman could mould the bones of himself or others and shape them as necessary.

When taken to the extreme, it allowed them to actively control bones. All Empyrean Tusks performed this. It was why the battle state and the fluidity of control exerted on their exoskeleton was similar to using a Nature.

The functions of Mystic Bone Art weren't limited to that. It was the bridge between an Empyrean Tusk and the Mammoth Clan. It was through this the hive-mind nature of the Empyrean Tusks propagated, allowing them to share a special relationship with their respective Mammoth Clansmen, treating the latter as part of their immune system.

Mystic Grade cultivation techniques were equal to a Nature. Some peak Gold Grade cultivation techniques, such as the Brimgan Empire's Gold Kinesis Art also entered the realm of being called a Nature, since they gave a simple but enormous benefit to the cultivator, which was to refine Spirit Weapons and accumulate strength in them progressively.

Originally, Inala thought these two methods were all one could have in regards to gaining strength. In that regard, he could be considered to have four Natures in either gender—three Natures plus the cultivation technique used by the respective gender.

But once Inala began to investigate his Mystic Path, he observed that it wasn't merely a cluster of data that had been transferred over to Gannala. No, it was an ability on par with a Nature.

It needed to be charged by Prana for a significant duration before it could be activated, with its effects capable of being unleashed once. Basically, once it was ready and activated, Gannala would become a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk.

That got Inala thinking. What if he could also use it?

Prana was an energy condensed from the energies of body, mind, and soul. This had been repeated countless times. The energy of the body was the muscular energy, one obtained from combusting carbohydrates and fats.

The energy of the mind could also be quantised. It was a reserve of one's ability to think. Basically, once this energy gets expended, the person would become too tired to think and would be unable to generate thoughts. When they sleep and wake up, they'll feel refreshed enough to think once again.

All the influence a Nature had on the individual's mind was through this aspect, with the medium of influence being the Prana. It was why when Inala lost his Spirit Container, all influences on him vanished, allowing him to freely be himself in the truest sense.

Finally, there was the aspect of the soul. What exactly was it? To date, Inala made countless conclusions regarding the energy of the soul, but none seemed perfect enough. Was it merely his lifeforce? That wasn't the case.

Lifeforce was merely part of the energy of the soul. What was the remainder then?

When he was brought to Earth by Renduldu, it was his soul that had been targeted. Was it merely an energy entity similar to what had been explained about the soul on Earth? There were multiple explanations regarding it.

The Mammoth Clan had one explanation. The Cooter Clan had another. Fhoong Brimgan's memories had another. But none of them were concrete enough to explain the existence of the Mystic Path that seemed to affect the mind particularly.

Since an answer wasn't available from such a direction, Inala began to reverse deduce it. And the way he did that was through influence.

Yes, influence. To his being when he gained consciousness as a fourteen-year-old Mammoth Clansman where the only influence on him was that of Mystic Bone Art, to his being after reaching the Body Stage, to his being at the Dralh Sea without a Spirit Container, and finally, to his current being of existing as two separate genders in a single entity.

In every single state of his being, he was influenced through Prana. Prana encompassed all three aspects of body, mind, and soul. The influence of Mystic Bone Art regarding the body was related to being part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

The influence regarding the mind was in which a Mammoth Clansman happily sacrificed their life for their Deity. This was the same influence unleashed by his male form's Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System on the Empyrean Zingers where they happily committed suicide for the success of his plans.

Therefore, the question remained. What aspect of himself was different in such a situation that vanished once he lost all power at the Dralh Sea? The answer came naturally—presence.

In every single situation, every single existence unleashed their presence, one that was an indicator of their strength. At the Dralh Sea, when he didn't have a Spirit Container, he stopped exuding a presence.

His state of being at that moment was the same as what he was on Earth—lacking a presence. Through one's presence, it was possible to gain a clear idea of the target's accumulation.

When he met Maroppa recently, through the presence he exuded through his gaze, she was able to determine that he had more than three Natures. Only someone as perceptive as her was able to glean so much information through a presence.

For an average individual, they'll only know that Inala had more than one Nature through his presence and determine that he had a Silver Grade Human Avatar—depending on their misconception that he's a Free Human.

The Free Humans at Roit Island lacked a presence once their Spirit Containers were extracted. That was why, despite becoming part of the Quip Tribe, they didn't generate the presence of a Tribesman, since they didn't possess a Spirit Container.

It still wasn't possible to perfectly quantise what the energy of the soul was, but its effect was displayed through one's presence.

Presence—Weight of one's Soul!

That was the conclusion Inala had arrived at. And through it, he began to see the Mystic Path. Until Gannala was born, the Mystic Path was in him. There was a subtle change in his presence once she was born, which was when the Mystic Path got transferred to her.

He had obtained the Zinger Queen's power at that time and hence didn't notice the change in his presence. There were too many changes in his being since he got three Natures simultaneously.

But now aware, he focused on that change in presence, having a better idea of what it entails to reach the Mystic Grade and why exactly Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts produced Sumatra Gold in their hearts.

And that, was the secret of the Mystic Grade!



Chapter 398 Secret of the Mystic Grade

The purest mineral available on Sumatra Continent, the king of minerals to build a Human Avatar with, that was Sumatra Gold. Its effects weren't known much, but from his usage of Sumatra Gold, Inala concluded the following points.

First, Sumatra Gold was capable of stabilising the effects of Natures. That was how he could create his Sumatra Lantern with a stable volume of 64 cubic metre while in contrast, all Storage Lanterns could only stably hold a cubic metre without needing constant Prana supply.

Second, Sumatra Gold was immune to all external influences. It was a material inert in all senses. It didn't react to heat, sound, chemicals, and even Prana.

Third, Sumatra Gold was indestructible. Even Maroppa's grey sand was unable to affect it.

Fourth, and the most important point. Sumatra Gold held the Sumatra Continent's presence. Yes, that was it.

When Brangara summoned a Bolt of Transcendence towards him, the way in which the Bolt of Transcendence behaved seemed strangely sentient. It expressed anger upon being fooled by him.

There was also the strange restriction towards flying, making it impossible to reach the Transcendent Worlds through conventional methods.

By going through the memories of the incident where the Boar King became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast multiple times, Inala noticed that there was a portion of similarity exuded in the presence of both the Boar King and the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

This portion of similarity was the same part that Inala had when he gained sentience at the age of fourteen. And it was this same presence that he lost when Gannala was birthed.

It meant that Sumatra Continent was either a living being or an inorganic being with sentience, which was how its presence could be explained.

And to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, one needs to embody Sumatra Continent's presence. Simply managing to do so would spark an evolution in their being and allow them to reach the Mystic Grade.

It was that simple.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala didn't understand that, but she was there as a witness when Brangara became the Boar King. At the same time, Renduldu was becoming a Transcendent. So at that moment, there were two Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts on Sumatra Continent.

Subconsciously, the Supreme Tusk Gannala became aware of that. And hence, the seven Mystic Paths she had created were simply one-off abilities that when filled to the brim would activate and unleash Sumatra Continent's presence.

The moment this happens, the entity unleashing this presence would experience an evolution, since their soul reached the Mystic Grade. Through Prana, the effects of the soul's evolution would be transferred to the mind and body. As a result, the entity would become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

The Mystic Path in Gannala only existed to unleash Sumatra Continent's presence as an Empyrean Tusk, so that Gannala would evolve into a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk. That meant Inala only had to construct a similar Mystic Path in him, but one emulating to reach the Mystic Grade as a Zinger.

One of the Brimgan Empire's Ancestors managed to successfully fuse a piece of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar, managed to emulate Sumatra Continent's presence through it, and succeeded in reaching the Mystic Grade.

Sumatra Gold was the easiest way in which an entity, whether human or Pranic Beast could achieve Mystic Grade status.

The reason was unknown, but through its Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts, Sumatra Continent was creating more Sumatra Gold in hopes of being able to produce more Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts and their human counterparts.

The blessed race of Sumatra—Empyrean Tentacles—was capable of reaching the Mystic Grade easily. And once they come into existence, they begin producing Sumatra Gold. To date, the only other existence that managed to achieve it was Brangara. But he was an anomaly.

The Empyrean Boar Race couldn't achieve Mystic Grade as easily as Empyrean Tentacles. After all, if they wanted to reach the Mystic Grade, they would have to follow the Boar King's route, which meant the annihilation of the Empyrean Boar Race.

That wasn't sustainable. In comparison, Empyrean Tentacles practically spawned on Sumatra Continent like a weed. It seemed that through the Empyrean Tentcle Race, Sumatra Continent wanted the birth of more Mystic Grade entities.

In the depths of his mind, hidden under multiple layers of mental barriers created using Skills such as Prana Domination, a Mystic Path was being built. This series of mental barriers was there only to ensure Gannala didn't know his plan.

To her, he only planned to use his Quip Tribe to evolve his Natures, nothing else. That was his original plan. If she were to know what he was actually planning, she wouldn't support him.

'After all, if I succeed, I would no longer be a Mammoth Clansman.' No matter how much she loved and respected him, at the end of the day, she was an Empyrean Tusk. Irrespective of the reason, she wouldn't like losing the connection they had.

To her, being able to read Inala's mind was common sense, a natural state of being, similar to how a fish lived in the water. Gannala's father was, is, and will be a part of her immune system.

No matter what Inala does, he would have her undivided support, that is unless he decides to stop being a Mammoth Clansman.

Hence, Inala buried it deep in his mind, protecting it with a layer of Skills, most of which weren't known to Gannala too.

After sending away Gannala and Asaeya, during his time at the Sanrey Plains and until he rejoined with the duo, Inala had a lot of time to himself. Even back then, he had a plan, but he hadn't been sure about it.

Hence, whatever he had thought about was locked behind this mental safe to ensure Gannala wouldn't be able to access them. And now, after his female form became a Cooter Clansman, Inala was able to begin working on it in earnest.

After all, when in this form, Inala wasn't part of Gannala's immune system. Hence, she wasn't able to read his mind as usual. Honestly, getting this Cooter Clansman female form was beyond his plans, something he conceptualised on the spur of the moment when the Boar King appeared.



Any thoughts he had regarding the creation of his Mystic Path, the mental barriers would naturally attract them and seal them within the mental safe, ensuring Gannala wouldn't be able to read them. That was how he prevented Gannala from knowing about his true plans when she was in his stomach biome.

And now, in his possession were three pieces of Sumatra Gold. They were more than enough to succeed. The reason he asked Maroppa to fuse them into his skeleton and cause them to influence his Spirit Container was exactly for this reason.

He didn't wish to simply become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast as a Zinger. That was useless. After all, Zingers had a long maturity time. If he were to become a Mystic Grade Zinger, it would take him thousands of years to reach maturity and become able to fully exert strength as a Mystic Grade Zinger.

He didn't have that much time. Hence, his focus was on becoming a conditional Mystic Grade Zinger. Basically, he would live as a Silver Grade Zinger, and upon satisfying certain conditions, he would become a Mystic Grade Zinger.

This way, he'll grow and mature at the same speed as an Empyrean Zinger, giving him enough time to become ready before the Fourth Major Disaster.

It has to be noted that once he reaches maturity at the Silver Grade, he'll maintain that maturity when he reaches the Mystic Grade. That was the condition on which he was building his Mystic Path.

Inala had a concrete idea of what Natures he would have after his evolution, the fate of his Quip Tribe, and exactly how the Zinger Race would be influenced by his actions.

'Mystic Skill Creator, Empyrean Extraction, and the Mind Slip Skill. This trio is the reason I could conceptualise such a terrifying plan.' Inala thought, letting out a smile as he accompanied Wittral into the forest.

While even Resha had just begun investigating the Mystic Path, Inala had already finalised the set of abilities he would have upon reaching the Mystic Grade. After all, upon knowing the answer—Sumatra's Nature—to reach the Mystic Grade, and already possessing the most important resource—Sumatra Gold—necessary to attain it, all that was left was to lay down a path.

As a result, following the Empyrean Tentacle Race and the Empyrean Boar Race, the third to forge a path to the Mystic Grade in Sumatra Continent was the Zinger Race.



Chapter 399 A Bloody Mess Thirteen Years from Now

Inala and Wittral pulled forth a trolley each. The trolley had a volume of four cubic metres, enough for a trip. Once it was full, they planned to bring it back to the truck and store it in its compartment.

Inala was in charge of the Prana Bomb supply while Wittral was in charge of mining the mineral necessary to make an alloy. Their goal was to create a reddish-brown material that resembled high-quality wood but gave the feeling of soft granite.

It must be robust but must also emanate a semblance of cushiness, which was what they were going for. As such, their tea house would create a soothing atmosphere for people to relax and mingle around.

There were plenty of high-end tea houses in Fentan City with such a concept. But they were all very expensive. Inala planned to create a mid-high-end tea house that the upper middle class could enjoy once in a while. The upper class could visit as many times as they pleased, for the price would be dirt cheap for them while the services would be worth it.

With his and Wittral's abilities combined, the tea house would be top-notch.

"Stay right behind me," Wittral said as he walked forward, having activated Subtle Terrain Domination at full power. Stretching endlessly before him was a forest, with the trees reaching a height of thirty to forty metres, nothing out of the ordinary for Sumatra Continent.

Rather, the forest was very tame. But that was only in terms of height. Its foliage was the densest Wittral had ever seen, creating a green blanket that separated the ground from the sky. Shrubs too covered the ground with a decently thick density, making it hard to move around.

He had only taken a step forward when a bark flew towards him, leaving behind a trail of dust. As it closed in on him, the bark slowed down rapidly before arriving at a halt.

Tertiary Nature—Tangible Psychokinesis!

Inala controlled a thread of Prana that coiled around the bark and reeled it into his trolley. Comets and Satellites were valuable materials. There was a market for them in the Brimgan Empire just as decoration alone. They also had medicinal value. Some cultivators extracted some rare minerals in them to build their Human Avatars.

Usually, Comets become damaged as they slam into targets first, impossible to detect them beforehand. Satellites too would become damaged while cultivators tried to capture the Enrinos.

But despite the damage, they had a great market value. And the lower the damage, the higher their value.

The bark in the trolley didn't suffer a single scratch, since Wittral used Subtle Terrain Domination to transform it into his Spirit Weapon. He straight-up dominated the Prana forming it and overwrote it with his.

"This Comet is from a newborn Enran. That's why I barely had to exert myself to capture it." Wittral commented as he continued to walk forward, noticing a few more Comets fly his way. He grunted, unable to use psychokinesis easily with more than one target coming his way.

Instead, he created a wall of wind and used it to cushion their momentum, managing to stop them just before they hit him. Wittral then noticed a thin string of Prana had coiled around them, being the cause that decelerated them faster.

He turned around to stare at the grinning face of Inala, "You've become better at using it."



"I do have both the Nature and Minor Treasure for the same. So, my growth, control, and strength in using Tangible Psychokinesis is very high." Inala nodded and collected the Comets. He condensed a Life Bomb and made it touch them each, absorbing any remainder of Prana in them. This way, they would turn into inanimate objects and stop targeting him.

When the Life Bomb was merely half filled, Inala poked a hole and stared inside, noticing that it was just filled with Prana-rich fluid. Only when it reached 100 Prana would a Zinger be formed inside.

But unlike the Zingers he created before, the ones he makes now wouldn't have a Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, but Subtle Terrain Domination Instead.

Moreover, since he didn't have the Nature of Spatial Immune System in his female form, the birthed Zingers wouldn't heed his orders. Rather, the relationship between them would be one of give and take, similar to the one shared between the Zinger Queens of Dieng Canyon and the rest of the Zingers populating the place.

He wouldn't be able to command them to do whatever he wanted. Hence, he had no plans to birth them. Anyway, the influence of the Secondary Nature would begin messing with their minds sooner than later.

Hence, it was useless to have them in the first place.

Even the Empyrean Zingers he had before were in a similar situation, beginning to show signs of being overtaken by their Secondary Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. Gannala had fed them diluted portions of Influence Easing Elixir to maintain their sanity.

Inala only wanted them to last until he obtained the Major Treasure of Attribute. Once his powers evolve, he'll be able to truly create Zingers that don't suffer from any side effects or external influences.

"Replenish your reserves," Inala said and used a Prana string to bring the Life Egg containing 50 Prana before Wittral.

"Okay," Wittral used Mystic Mist Art to swallow the fluid and begin generating Prana slowly. This way, he'll have a consistent supply of Prana to use. Ten minutes later, he commented, "This place is good for training too."

"Right?" Inala grinned, "You'll be able to use your abilities without rest…"

Drip! Drip!

As Inala spoke, a droplet of blood dripped out of his nose, alarming Wittral who grabbed him by the shoulder and asked in a fluster, "A-Are you alright?"

"Don't exert yourself!"

"This is nothing." Inala wiped it casually, knowing the cause, "It's due to the Sumatra Gold."

His body was resisting this inert material, since it was a foreign entity. It wasn't just that. Until now, though he was in his female form, Inala hadn't used his abilities much. But now that he was using his Natures consistently, he was targeted by their influence.

And the moment his female form's influence grew, his male form resisted. Blood dripping out of his nose was merely an early sign of this tug of war.

"Can't you get rid of them?" Wittral asked, his face collapsing to see Inala shake his head.

"My condition will worsen without them." Inala said, smiling wryly upon noticing Wittral's confusion, "You have my Primary Nature, Wittral. What do you think it does?"

"Prana Bomb and Life Bomb…" Wittral turned silent as he muttered, "Achieve a natural state in both genders."

"Right," Inala nodded, "And by taking advantage of the Boar King's Prana filled with the power of Astral Chart, I managed to split my genders into two entities. I lost my Free Human status as a result, but managed to transform my Human Avatar fully into a Zinger."

"Have you never thought about it?" He stared at Wittral, "What's my female form's identity now?"

"Cooter Clansman," Wittral nodded.

"And what was my identity before?" Inala smiled wryly, watching Wittral's face turn pale in response.

"A Free Human." Wittral felt it hard to breathe, understanding what was happening to Inala.

"Yes, then what do you think happened to my male form." Inala continued, revealing upon seeing that Wittral had already made a guess, "It has taken identity as a Mammoth Clansman. And now, my Mammoth Clansman male form is clashing against my Cooter Clansman female form."

"This clash will continue to escalate until my body, mind, and soul are torn apart." Inala flashed a helpless smile towards Wittral. This is why Wittral was important. Because thirteen years from now, Inala's body will be a bloody mess. Wittral would be the one carrying him towards the Major Treasure of Attribute.

It was impossible to succeed without him.



Chapter 400 I’m Smarter Than You

Thud!

Wittral felt all strength leave his legs as he slumped to the ground. He stared at Inala with a saddened gaze and asked, trying to brace himself mentally but failing to gather the necessary strength to do so, "How…long…do you have?"

"Why are you like that?" Instead of the sombre atmosphere that Wittral exuded, Inala glared at him with an admonishing tone, "I'm not going to die, alright?"

"Ugh, you're being too dramatic!"

"You…you'll be alright?" Wittral said, brimming with strength upon seeing Inala nod. He got up and asked in a hurry, "What needs to be done to cure you?"

"Well, as for the Sumatra Gold, I already told you the process. As long as I become proficient in using Subtle Terrain Domination, I'll be able to cure myself." Inala spoke with hope in his tone, "As for this gender conflict, I wouldn't have selected this if I didn't have a solution for it in the first place."

"Stop beating the bush and get to the point," Wittral said in restlessness.

"Well, let me explain in the simplest terms. You know my teacher, right?" Seeing Wittral nod, Inala continued to speak, "The plan was to enter the Mystic Grade using a Zinger's power. Things became messed up thanks to Loot's intervention. But that day at the Dralh Sea, when the Boar King came and said he'll offer his support, I got to thinking."

"Through the Boar King's power, I could take advantage of what my teacher planned and even raise the chance of success." Inala continued, "Just through his power, we could swap our hearts and regain our Spirit Containers alongside each other's Primary Nature as our Secondary Nature."

"Yeah, I understood that part clearly." Wittral nodded. "And I'm thankful for that. Because through you, I gained hope."

"My thoughts didn't end at that, since we had the Boar King's support." Inala revealed a deep smile, "By splitting the genders into different entities, I can develop as two individuals. And finally, once I fuse them into a singular entity, I'll evolve into a Mystic Grade Zinger."

"That…is your goal?" Wittral frowned, "But how will you do that?"

"My grandfather stumbled upon an ancient document when he fled the Brimgan Empire. He researched it for many centuries and finally figured out that it was created by the Brimgan Founder." Inala spoke.

"Brimgan Founder?" Wittral frowned, "Is he the one said to have strength on par with a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle?"

"No, that was someone else." Inala shook his head, "The Brimgan Founder is the one who made it possible for life to thrive on the Northern Lakes and Southern Veins."

"Well, that's not that impressive." Wittral's eye twitched, "I mean, any Empyrean Snapper could casually live in this region."

"Listen patiently. This happened when the Cooter Clan didn't even exist." Inala expressed a tinge of anger and continued, stressing each word, "He was an enigma, alright?"

"Sure, sure." Wittral shrugged.

"Anyway, in the map he left behind, there was information about a certain something." Inala looked around in seriousness, expressing secrecy as he whispered, "A Major Treasure."

"What? Is that the truth?" Wittral found it hard to believe. A Major Treasure wasn't something that could be mentioned casually. Even the Cooter Clan only had one and that was created after careful preparation by a bunch of powerful Cooter Clansmen from the first generation.

"Yes," Inala nodded in seriousness, "In thirteen years, it'll appear. As long as I obtain it, my two genders will fuse into one and I'll become a Mystic Grade Zinger. But, once the Major Treasure reveals itself, everyone in the Brimgan Empire will fight for its ownership. That's the prime issue we face at present."

"Sorry, Wittral. I tried to hide it from you as best as I could." Inala smiled helplessly, "I knew you would worry about me…"

"No, it is my right to worry about you." Wittral said in seriousness, "Besides, it's just the Free Humans that we have to face. Thirteen years is more than enough for me to grow very strong. No matter what, that Major Treasure is yours. I'll ensure that you're cured."

"R-Really? You'll go through all that for me?" Inala asked, his eyes moist.

"Of course!" Wittral patted his chest, smug, thinking upon seeing Inala's expression, 'I should appear damn cool in her eyes. She's fallen hard for me and will continue to be more and more smithen.'

That was pretty much his focal point in the entire conversation. As for the powerful Brimgan Empire Royals that would be aiming for the Major Treasure? He'll kill them all. Once he transforms into an Empyrean Snapper, they won't be worth much.

Irrespective of the range they boast, their Spirit Weapons would have to touch him to harm him. But as long as it enters his range, he'll actively be trying to control it. The Brimgan Empire royals would be worrying about not losing control over their Spirit Weapon.

And if they were to unleash long-ranged attacks, that would prove even more futile. After all, in a range of 180 metres around himself, he, Wittral, was absolute. That was what it meant to be an Empyrean Snapper, one of the two races worshipped as a Deity in Sumatra Continent.

"Wait, if it's a Major Treasure, wouldn't it affect its surroundings?" Wittral frowned all of a sudden as he recalled the information present in his various inheritances, "Considering the speciality of the Brimgan Empire, and how this Major Treasure is hidden in the same region, then it must have influenced an aquatic terrain."

"Is that correct?" He asked, smirking smugly upon seeing Inala's shock, "Seems my analysis is right on the dot. Can you give me everything you know about the Major Treasure?"

"Sure," Inala said and transferred the knowledge to Wittral using the Water Slip Skill. There wasn't much, since his knowledge stemmed from Sumatra Chronicles. He didn't transfer it as is but instead gave it a slight twist. And the result?

"As I expected." Wittral nodded once he comprehended the Water Slip, staring at Inala to say, "This isn't a map per se, but the Brimgan Founder's will. In case he fails to become a Transcendent, he was sure he'd become a Major Treasure. Hence, he left behind this will so that one of his descendants could claim it."

"But it has been encoded cunningly. Unless it's someone with as much inherited knowledge as me, it'll be impossible to decode the hidden meaning and realise that this is the Brimgan Founder's will." Wittral concluded based on the information in the Water Slip, which was exactly the conclusion Inala wanted him to reach.

Hence why he modified the information and created the code, having already prepared it a couple of days ago. Since Wittral was very smart, Inala used that smartness against him. After all, if faced with a puzzle, smart people would generally solve the puzzle, since they were obviously capable of it.

And since they figured out the answer on their own, they'll be confident in it, a trap smart people would often fall for.

Inala had sprung the same trap for Wittral and ensnared him perfectly into it. Now, the latter began to give pointers to Inala regarding making preparations for claiming the Major Treasure.

With a gentle smile, Inala listened with rapt attention, muttering in the end, "I thought only I was smart. You're continuing to surprise me, Wittral. You're almost as smart as me."

"As if," Wittral rolled his eyes and laughed arrogantly, "I'm obviously smarter than you, Amita."

The duo argued lightheartedly, engaging in casual banter.



