Chapter 41: Entering the Dieng Canyon

Inala woke up early in the morning and climbed to the terrace of his house. He stared to the side of the herd's path, observing that they were close to the Dieng Canyon. "In an hour or two, we'll be entering it."

Thump! Thump!

His heart rate gradually accelerated in anxiety. His body was tense as Inala heard the slapping noises of the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tail become frequent. The sound was also becoming louder and louder. It was apparent that even Gannala was nervous.

The previous night, Inala experimented to see if he could communicate with Gannala. Unfortunately, that turned up as a failure. Only special Mammoth Clansmen could do that. In Sumatra Chronicles, it was stated that only their ancestor could communicate with the Empyrean Tusks.

'Even Resha couldn't do it.' Inala thought. If even the protagonist couldn't achieve it, then it probably meant an impossibility. He didn't give up though and looked for a chance.

And even though he couldn't communicate with Gannala, he was still able to inform her. To Gannala, he was a Bone Slip. Meaning, she could access all his information, including his thoughts in real-time.

Therefore, Inala could ponder stuff based on their route and allow Gannala to become more aware. Throughout the previous night, he talked as much as possible, asking her to focus on him.

There was one problem with this. Gannala was growing old. The moment the reincarnates came into existence, she would have accessed their bodies to know what would happen next.

She should have been aware of the damage her settlement would face from the First Minor Crisis. The fact that everything still played out as in Sumatra Chronicles raised an alarming conclusion, 'Even if she knows, she cannot do anything about it.'

Gannala had grown old. In human terms, she was a granny that had lived past a century. At this age, most of her body functions barely worked. Her memory would be hazy, her body wouldn't cooperate with her mind, and most of all, her condition only continued to deteriorate with the passage of every day.

'Gannala is the oldest and weakest in the herd now. Based on the Empyrean Tusk herd's psychology, she has no say in whatever the herd does. All the Empyrean Tusks follow the leader that is at the front.' He thought in worry.

"Say…" He suddenly spoke, "If I were to enter the 43rd Settlement, would I be a Bone Slip to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk?"

"If it's possible, please slap gently twice. If it's not possible, slap thrice…" Inala was disappointed when there came three slaps. 'It means I'm only Gannala's Bone Slip because I'm part of her immune system. That makes sense. I'll be treated as an outsider by the other Empyrean Tusks.'

This meant he couldn't use his information to alert the other Empyrean Tusks. He was a student. Therefore, he didn't even have the qualification to talk with Bora Tusk, not to mention the leaders of other settlements.

And even if he found an opportunity, he would only be treated as a madman. Or worst, he'll be chucked into a Pranic Beast's mouth. That was the fate of Death Row students, after all. He would only be considered desperate to live on and hence uttered whatever he wanted to remain alive.

Without enough strength on the level of a leader, his words wouldn't be treated with importance. That was how the Mammoth Clan functioned.

Inala didn't plan to visit the academy today, for it would be dangerous. He stared ahead and observed the Empyrean Tusks at the front of the herd enter the Dieng Canyon. 'It's starting.'

He returned home and looked around, nodding upon seeing the barricades holding up well. He used the Mud Vipers to shoot mud balls at the windows, sealing them all. All that was left was the main door.

Once he barricaded it, he'll be able to get some rest.

Dieng Canyon was a special place, spanning tens of thousands of kilometres. It would take the Empyrean Tusk herd anywhere from six months to ten years to go through it, depending on the route they take.

Dieng Canyon was a hotspot where rivers from all over Sumatra converged. There existed a sinkhole at its centre where all the river water was sucked inside. It wasn't mentioned in Sumatra Chronicles as to where the sucked-in water would be ejected.

But it seemed to be somewhere so far away that it never came into picture until the end of the book.

Due to the convergence of rivers, all sorts of Pranic Beasts and cultivators travelled through Dieng Canyon. Things remained chaotic in this region, primarily because of one Pranic Beast race that behaved as both bandits and pirates.

The Zinger!

Reaching a height of three metres on average, it was a creature resembling a monkey. Trailing from its arm to leg was an elastic membrane similar to a flying squirrel. Thanks to this, a Zinger was able to glide through the air.

It was explicitly stated in Sumatra Chronicles that there existed no race in Sumatra that could fly, whether it be cultivators or Pranic Beasts. There were no birds.

Zingers came close to that term, only because they could glide in the air. But at the end of the day, they were pretty much mammalian in nature.

Unlike a monkey, Zingers sported sharp claws like a bird's, allowing them to perch on any surface. But they had five fingers like a human.

A Zinger could move both like a bipedal creature and a four-legged creature. Unlike the hunch monkeys had when moving on two limbs, Zingers moved like humans. They possessed flexible spinal joints that allowed them to be erect when bipedal and become curved to move on all fours.

On the ground, a Zinger was weak. But in the Dieng Canyon, with the walls reaching as high as two kilometres, it created plenty of ground for a Zinger to glide around and target prey using wave tactics.

In the Dieng Canyon's environment, they were the perfect predator. "And, I'll never fight them."

The moment the herd enters the canyon, the Zingers would systematically target them. There was no guarantee he wouldn't be killed by one of them.

That was why he intended to hole up for the remaining eleven months. Moreover, to buy any necessities, he'll use the grooves and enter the Empyrean Tusk's interior and employ the bone channels there to move around.

Thankfully, Zingers were creatures of the day and didn't have night vision. Hence, Inala could move about peacefully at night. It was why Grehha too asked him to come after dinner time.

Just as he faced his Mud Viper at the entrance, intending to seal it using hardened mud, there was a knock on the door. 'Who is knocking now?'

Confused, he carefully opened the door, peeking out slightly as a foreboding sensation welled up in his being, observing the person, "Instructor Mandu? What are you doing here?"

"I told your performance to the Instructors yesterday. They wish to showcase your ability to the students today to motivate them to work harder." Instructor Mandu smiled.

'Fuck!' Inala despaired.



Chapter 42: Temporary Instructor

"Instructor, I was training and forgot the passage of time," Inala smiled wryly.

"That's great, I commend you for that." Instructor Mandu nodded in praise, "But unless you have a valid reason, you shouldn't skip classes, alright?"

"After a third of the students died, we need as many there as possible." Instructor Mandu said, "Besides, I'm not asking you to demonstrate for free."

He grinned, "You'll be paid 100 Parute, since you'll be acting as a Temporary Instructor for an hour."

"Let's get going," Inala acted overjoyed as he consumed a vial of Mud Viper Tonic and carried a small box of clay.

Instructor Mandu wasn't someone that took no for an answer. Moreover, he was the middleman that brought elites from other settlements to Inala's house for the portraits. As the Instructor in charge of teaching him, all communications meant for Inala had to be passed through him.

Even if someone from their settlement wished to commission Inala, it had to be through Instructor Mandu. Therefore, he was one person that Inala couldn't afford to get on the bad side of, 'Otherwise, he might do something to reduce my customers.'

That was why Inala changed his tune, despite his unwillingness. He put on an enthusiastic act to ensure he remained in Instructor Mandu's good grace.

Moreover, it would have been normal if Inala was informed of the task assigned to him after he arrived at the academy. And if he dared be absent, despite being unaware, he would still be punished.

But Instructor Mandu took the initiative to inform him by coming to his house. That meant a lot. Moreover, the elites were aware they were entering the Dieng Canyon. That meant Instructor Mandu also acted as Inala's bodyguard, ensuring his safety.

That wasn't all. Even if Inala temporarily acted as an Instructor, as his task entailed, there was no need to pay him. It could just be worded as a discussion session among the students.

But it was obvious that Instructor Mandu fought on his behalf so that he received a pay of 100 Parute. That was his show of goodwill.

Instructor Mandu favoured hard workers immensely. Since he saw Inala doing his best despite being a Death Row Student, he intended to encourage the latter.

That was why Inala put on his best behaviour. He was internally nervous but acted calm and collected.

"This would be informed in classes. But since you'll temporarily be treated as an Instructor, I'll tell you this in advance." Instructor Mandu spoke in seriousness, "Half the herd has already entered the Dieng Canyon. We'll follow along shortly after. I'll do my best to protect you, but just be mentally prepared to be attacked by the Zingers."

"Don't be shocked by their attacks and end up losing all your accumulated Prana." He warned.

"Thank you, Instructor." Inala bowed in response before flashing a confident grin, "I won't disappoint you."

"Good! That's the spirit!" Instructor Mandu nodded in praise. Soon, the duo arrived at the training grounds in the Academy of Refinement.

The students were gradually assembling there. Inala stood next to Instructor Mandu, facing the students. He observed them, 'Neither Resha nor the reincarnates are here. As I expected.'

He wasn't aware that Blola had already left the settlement.

Once all the students arrived, Instructor Mandu gave a short speech, "Now, we have among us the Death Row student, Inala. He has shown exemplary performance at the fair yesterday. Today, he'll display his carving skills."

"Everyone!" Instructor Mandu's booming voice resounded, "Controlling four Spirit Weapons with such precision needs exceptional capability. Even we Instructors pale in comparison to Inala's delicate control. Hence, he'll be teaching you as a Temporary Instructor."

After Inala bowed towards the Instructors that were stationed all over the academy to protect the students, he addressed, "I'll just demonstrate my skills first for everyone to see. I'll then begin my explanation to train as I do."

Inala had just taken out the clay when he noticed a shadow moving across the training ground. He stared up and saw a creature gliding across the sky. 'Fuck! Already?'

Calmly gliding a hundred metres above the settlement was a Zinger. It didn't attack them but instead seemed to be observing the layout. It was a Zinger scout.

At the sight of it, Instructor Mandu snapped his finger. A Bone Spear—his Spirit Weapon—that was kept rest on the wall nearby flew out. It spun rapidly, causing a whirring sound as it flew at speeds surpassing a hundred metres per second and stabbed the Zinger's neck.

"Krook!" The Zinger coughed out blood as its neck had been pierced. But before it could react, the spear lodged in its flesh began to rotate once again, shredding the muscles as it punctured to the other side.

The Bone Spear made a U-Turn and pierced its wings, destroying its gliding capabilities. The Zinger wasn't even able to utter a cry as its throat had been shredded apart. As it fell, the Bone Spear poked a few more holes in its body.

In the end, the spear skewered its heart and gently brought it to the ground. Instructor Mandu calmly retracted his Bone Spear and commented, "A Zinger Scout. The best way to fight it is to crush its throat first. As long as it cannot shriek and alert its brethren, we can avoid a fight."

"Zinger Scouts are capable of transmitting a vast sum of information through a single shriek. So, always be on the lookout for them." Instructor Mandu explained a bit about the Zingers and then motioned for Inala to continue his class, "After Inala's class, we'll dissect a Zinger and learn more about its body."

Inala began his class as from time to time, one of the Instructors would kill a Zinger scout. Every time this happened, he became more nervous, 'The interval between the arrival of every scout is shrinking.'

While addressing the students, he casually looked beyond, noticing massive cliff walls come into view, 'We're entering the Zinger territory now.'

He wished to do nothing else but complete the class and return to the safety of his home. "And that's how you do it. I'm training different parts of my brain. For basics,"

He drew a circle with his left hand and a square with his right, "Just do this for ten minutes. If you can do forty sets without jumbling the square and circle, you can proceed to the next step."

As the students followed his words, Inala silently observed his surroundings, nervous, able to feel his legs going weak. Monkey-like screeches, hisses, and other varieties echoed. The sounds only grew abundant over time.

It was apparent that even the students were unable to concentrate. After all, this was the first time they ever heard Pranic Beast sounds above them.

'From today onwards, these sounds will accompany us.' Inala braced himself for impact.



Chapter 43: Official Entry

A massive heap of earth, compressed to become stone, reaching as high as two kilometres. Its peak and base were more or less similar in breadth, like a pillar, but mountainous in size. Such mountains littered the area, each with steep cliffs, causing the narrow gaps between each to become ravines.

Due to the arrangement of the mountains, the ravines formed a sprawling maze covering millions of square kilometres in area. Some of these ravines became canyons due to the many rivers entering the region, as a result causing its monicker—Dieng Canyon!

The peak of one such mountain was littered with Baobab Trees. Sporting thick stems filled with water, they were a special variety among trees. Scuttling between the trees like squirrels were Zingers, numbering in the thousands.

A Zinger leapt onto a Baobab Tree and pierced its claws through the stem, poking a wide hole. It opened its mouth and galloped the water that gushed out. Once it had its fill, Prana gushed to its palms and condensed an egg-like sphere that it used to cork the hole.

Many Zingers did the same, drinking water from the trees and corking the poked holes following that. Usually, a Zinger didn't use a hole created by another Zinger, usually.

But because of their high death rate, once the Zinger dies, its imprint on the egg-shaped cork vanishes. And when that happens, another Zinger makes an imprint on it and uses it to satisfy its thirst.

"Kekeke!"

"Kakaka!" A horde of Zingers let out various cries as they rushed towards the edge of the mountain and crawled towards the cliff walls.

Strong winds were blowing through the ravine, fluttering the fur that covered their bodies. One such Zinger was slightly more developed than the rest of its brethren. Its eyes glistened with sentience as it hung on the cliff.

The claws in its legs lodged into the cliff walls, anchoring itself to the place. Its left hand held the dangling roots of a Baobab Tree while it placed its right hand over its eyes, like an umbrella, mimicking humans when they wished to observe things afar.

This ravine spanned a width of five kilometres, one of the widest in the Dieng Canyon, forming one of the major roads of entry into the region, frequented by many, especially Empyrean Tusk herds.

And currently, one such herd entered. As the majestic Empyrean Tusks walked into the ravine, they slowed down. The Empyrean Tusk at the very front, the leader of the herd stopped, observing the tens of thousands of Zingers waiting on the cliff walls.

It raised its trunk high up in the air, seemingly sucking in the air. Even though it was only inhaling slowly, the direction of wind in the ravine changed.

"Kieek!" A group of Zingers close by shrieked in fluster as lumps of rock in the cliff wall broke around the locations their claws were lodged in. They were being pulled in by the suction force.

The Zingers hurriedly bit onto the Baobab Tree roots while their claws repeatedly dug into the cliff walls, barely staying rooted. Some feeble ones were unfortunately sucked into the trunk.

The Empyrean Tusk soon finished inhaling as its eyes shot to the side and glared at the cliff walls covered by Zingers. Its trunk calmly faced in the direction where the Zingers were the most concentrated and unleashed a powerful trumpet, exhaling all the air to further escalate its might.

"Krrr-Rahhh-Laaaa!" Shockwaves blasted throughout the ravine, echoing off the cliff walls as a thick layer of compressed air, visible to the naked eye blasted for hundreds of kilometres.

"Kieee!" The Zingers shrieked as their eardrums ruptured from the shockwaves. Large pieces of the cliff walls collapsed as the bodies of the Zingers and any other Pranic Beast within a ten-kilometre vicinity of the Empyrean Tusk were smashed into pulp.

The ones further back lost consciousness. Their grips loosened in response as they fell from their spots on the cliff, making a beeline towards the ground.

But partway through the freefall, their bodies, along with the large broken pieces of the cliff walls stopped. Intense winds blew otherwise, preventing them from reaching the ground.

The Empyrean Tusk had begun inhaling through its trunk, using its Primary Nature to suck in air hundreds of times the volume of its body. As a result, the suction force was tremendous.

Tens of thousands of Zingers, along with trees, rocks, mud, water, etc. flew into the Empyrean Tusk's trunk. The unfortunate Zingers that didn't die until now were subjected to true hell.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Divergent gravitational fields acted on them from all sides, shredding everything apart. Convergent gravitational fields followed suit, compressing everything into solid spheres. Moreover, the gravity seemed to have a mind of its own, segregating everything into smaller clumps.

A minute later, the Empyrean Tusk opened its mouth. It pointed the top of its trunk into its mouth and shot out compressed balls that were a mixture of plant, meat, and earth.

It didn't matter what they were. The Empyrean Tusk consumed them all. After all, it itself was a biome. It could sustain itself just by consuming the earth. Plants grew in its body, transforming the minerals into various products.

The Mammoth Clansmen further broke those products through their consumption. Thanks to the influence of the Mystic Bone Art, even the excreta they produced was a medicine that regulated the Empyrean Tusk's bodily function.

Of course, it still consumed plants and Pranic Beasts. After all, that was the fastest and most efficient mode of accumulating Prana.

It might not seem much, but an Empyrean Tusk's Prana consumption was tremendous. Its Primary Nature was always active and at full blast, bending space within its body. It was burning up hundreds of Prana every second.

The thousands of Zingers were merely a snack to the Empyrean Tusk. All it did was clear the path for its herd. As the leader and the strongest Empyrean Tusk, it was in charge of snuffing out any annoyances for the herd.

Moreover, its attack was a display of might, a preventive measure to thwart the Zingers from attacking them. But of course, even it knew that this wouldn't matter.

For every swarm-type Pranic Beast, Empyrean Tusks were the pinnacle of delicacies. Devouring one was usually enough to double or triple their numbers overnight.

"Kiek!"

"Kekeke!"

"Kukuku!"

"Kukugugugagaaa!" As more and more Zingers filled up the empty space, the Empyrean Tusk's eyes calmly observed them. Following that, it raised its trunk and released a gentle trumpet.

Immediately in response, the single-file formation in the herd changed as another Empyrean Tusk walked to the right of the leader. Quickly in response, the Empyrean Tusks began to gather in two files. Following that, the herd moved.

44 Empyrean Tusks in two files, forming 22 rows in total. The herd officially ventured into the Dieng Canyon, with the mass slaughter announcing their arrival.



Chapter 44: Catch!

"Kukooo!" A Zinger Scout's shriek reverberated throughout the ravine as hundreds of Zingers perched on the Baobab Trees amplified and echoed the shout.

They let go of their perch and ran on the ground on all fours, like a feline creature, making a giant leap over the cliff. All the Zingers uniformly unfurled their membrane wings, gliding through the air as they approached the closest Empyrean Tusk.

"Kieek!" A scout moving the closest shrieked upon noticing Bone Spears fly towards it, launched by the Mammoth Clansmen.

A trail of air formed around the ends of their wings as the Zingers acrobatically raised their drag coefficient, abruptly slowing down their gliding speed. Their rapid deceleration caused the Bone Spears to miss their targets.

"Attack!" An elite from the 44th Settlement shouted as he controlled his Bone Spear to arc in the air and return, targeting the Zingers on the return trip.

A Zinger deftly avoided the projectiles as it arrived a couple hundred metres from the settlement. It clenched its clawed hand into a fist and condensed Prana into it, creating an egg-shaped object.

It had been gliding using the winds, reaching speeds as high as 60 metres per second. That was similar to a hawk's gliding speed. A top baseball pitcher's throw only reached 42 metres per second. It showed how fast they were.

Once it was in range, the Zinger furled its wings in a helical pattern, using the draft to rotate, transferring all its gliding momentum into rotary momentum. In such a state, it craned its hand to the limit and chucked with all its might, hurling the egg-shaped object.

Its rotary momentum plus the momentum behind its throw added into the egg-shaped object, causing it to make a whistling sound as it blazed towards a Mammoth Clansmen.

"Defend!" The Mammoth Clansmen was ready as he raised a Bone Shield large enough to cover his body.

The egg-shaped projectile slammed into the shield, producing a loud ring, throwing off the defender. But it didn't end at that as the egg-shaped projectile stuck to the shield.

"Ugh!" The Mammoth Clansmen that was controlling the Bone Shield—as his Spirit Weapon—grunted in pain, for the Prana he infused into the shield was being sucked by the egg-shaped projectile.

Primary Nature—Prana Bomb!

The egg-shaped object had the property to absorb Prana from the target they latch onto. The Mammoth Clansmen fell victim to that.

If he hadn't defended against the projectile, his body would have been smashed into a pulp from the impact. But if he defended against it, his Prana would be absorbed. Moreover, the absorption rate was rapid.

In a couple of seconds, he lost 10 Prana. Such a loss caused him significant strain, as if all the air was knocked out of him. It would take him a couple of seconds to regain his bearing. But before that, two more Prana Bombs slammed into his shield, the impact sending him flying into a wall.

After it had hurled three Prana Bombs, the Zinger raised its angle of elevation, using the wind to glide higher, raising its altitude to a range beyond the reach of the Bone Spears.

While doing so, it retracted its Prana Bombs.

Not only was a Prana Bomb an item it created out of Prana, but it was also its Spirit Weapon. As a result, it could control them through psychokinesis. While it flew overhead, it pulled back the three Prana Bombs it had launched, grabbing them with its claws.

The Zinger acted as a scout and flew over the 44th and 43rd Empyrean Tusks that walked side by side. Soon, it reached the cliff wall on the other side and perched on it. Gliding for five kilometres dropped its elevation significantly.

Using its claws, it scaled up the cliff wall and reached the top, stopping to rest after arriving at a Baobab Tree. It was exhausted, having been climbing for more than an hour. After drinking some water to quench its thirst, it opened its mouth and bit into a Prana Bomb, treating it as an egg.

The jaws of a Zinger were tremendously robust, capable of breaking through the Prana Bomb's tough exterior that didn't crack even when it was hurled into a shield with enough force to shatter the human body. There was a fluid within, similar to an egg's contents.

It was rich with the Prana absorbed from the Mammoth Clansmen. The Zinger relished the taste as it consumed the Prana Bomb, recovering all its Prana. It still had two more Prana Bombs. Meaning, it profited from the raid.

A Zinger leaped from one mountain, attacked its target, and reached the mountain on the other side, ending its trip. There, it would tally its expenditure. If the Prana it gained was greater than its expenditure, then it was a profit.

Zingers that made a significant profit would call it a day and begin cultivation. Those that hadn't earned enough or even made a loss would make repeated trips.

Moreover, the Mammoth Clansmen alone weren't the target. There was a bigger target, brimming with more than enough Prana to satisfy all their needs.

The Empyrean Tusk!

The Zingers threw Prana Bombs, targeting any place they fancied on the Empyrean Tusk's body. Prana Bombs secreted a gelatinous substance that made them stick to a target. Once they do so, they'll absorb Prana automatically until they were full.

As long as a Prana Bomb came into contact with the Empyrean Tusk's body, no matter the location, it will be able to absorb Prana.

Once they absorb sufficient Prana, the Zinger would retract the Prana Bombs and fly to safety. This was why they were treated as bandits. They stole Prana from the travellers.

One of the Zingers launched a Prana Bomb at the training grounds of the 44th Settlement's Academy of Refinement, targeting Inala.

A group of Zingers had targeted their academy, keeping the Instructors busy. But, it wasn't as if they could cancel classes, for unlike in previous territories where Pranic Beasts only attacked at full scale, resulting in wars that ebbed like the tide after a peak, attacks from Zingers would be continuous, ever-present.

That meant the cultivators had to learn to perform their duties while learning to deal with the Zingers. Otherwise, all activities would pause, which would only cause them to lose their Prana to the attacks without being able to gain any.

Eventually, their losses would accumulate enough to cause the Empyrean Tusk's collapse. 'That is how it died.'

Inala recalled the First Major Disaster from Sumatra Chronicles, 'Prana Bombs rained down from the sky and sucked Gannala dry of all her Prana. Her Primary Nature deactivated, causing the highly compressed space within to collapse. The items stored in her body, spanning volumes thousands of times her body spilled out like a storm and destroyed the region. Most of the Mammoth Clansmen died not to the Zingers but to this collapse.'

'But every cloud has a silver lining.' Thinking as such, Inala finished his live carving session, having created a baseball glove out of clay. Within it were Spirit Weapons acting as the bones of a hand.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

As a Prana Bomb flew his way, the glove flew forward and caught it. The clay forming the glove deformed under the impact but managed to cushion the force and absorb enough momentum.

Inala infused Prana into it, decelerating its path as it flew towards him, carried by the Prana Bomb's momentum, barely stopping it mere metres before his face, "I succeeded."

"Catch!" He roared and pointed at the Zinger, "Batter Out!"



Chapter 45: Puppetry and Shape Memory

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

After the Prana Bomb was caught, the bones within the glove released some of the stored toxins, causing the deformed clay to regain its shape.

Shape Memory!

Many objects in nature had it, reverting to their shape even after being deformed. Since the deformation was within its elastic limit, the glove regained its original shape. Once he finished creating it, he used some toxin mixture to give the product a shape memory.

This was made easy through the improved Puppetry Skill.

"Spectacular catch!" Instructor Mandu was all smiles upon witnessing Inala's display of the Puppetry Skill. He focused and caused his Bone Spear to fly at speeds superior to before, crossing 200 metres and stabbing into the Zinger's wing.

It was unable to glide anymore, falling to the ground when the Bone Spear slammed onto its head with its blunt end, knocking it unconscious.

Inala was stunned by Instructor Mandu's range, and so were the other Instructors.

"What are you waiting for?" Instructor Mandu shouted at Inala, breaking him out of his reverie.

Inala focused on his glove and made it throw the Prana Bomb, accurately striking the falling Zinger. The Prana Bomb stuck to the Zinger's body and began to absorb its Prana.

Prana Bombs were unable to differentiate friend from foe. Their Prana absorption didn't function only in the hands and jaws of the Zinger due to the gelatinous substance it secreted that countered the absorption.

Anywhere else and even the Zinger that created the Prana Bomb was fair game. By the time it fell to the ground, the Prana Bomb absorbed all its Prana.

Using the glove, Inala tugged the Prana Bomb. Since it was full with Prana, the Prana Bomb fell off on its own.

As the glove was covered by a layer of clay, the Prana Bomb failed to come into contact with the Prana that was being supplied to the bones within. That was how he prevented his Prana from being absorbed.

Inala's goal was the Zinger Queen. During his daydreaming sessions worth six years, he had obviously dreamed about Zingers the most. It was due to their aerial acrobatics and the hit-and-run tactics they employed, which perfectly fell in line with his nature.

If there was one Pranic Beast in Sumatra that he knew everything about, it was the Zinger. Therefore, he knew how to best counter their Prana Bombs.

The glove carried the Prana Bomb into a nearby room and placed it over a layer of mud. This insulation prevented it from absorbing Prana in the building.

All buildings in the settlement were merely an extension of the Empyrean Tusk's body—exoskeleton. Therefore, Prana flowed in them. It would be dangerous to leave Prana Bombs uninsulated. Thankfully, the one they stored was already full of Prana, so it couldn't absorb any more.

These Prana Bombs would serve as their reserve of Prana, allowing them to fight the nonstop battles that would occur daily from here on. Moreover, this was the only way to steal Prana from the Zingers and recoup their losses as much as possible.

"Instructor…" Inala muttered, staring at Instructor Mandu in shock.

There were obvious limits as to the range a Spirit Weapon could be wielded at. There existed two ranges: Effective Range and Maximum Range.

Effective Range was where they could unleash their full potential in controlling the Spirit Weapon. Beyond that, the Prana consumption would increase while the Spirit Weapon's speed and accuracy plummeted.

For a cultivator at the Spirit Stage, the Effective Range was 40 metres while the Maximum Range was 60 metres. When a student was able to wield his Spirit Weapon freely within forty metres after reaching the peak of the Spirit Stage, they would graduate.

As the efficiency dropped drastically with the addition of a second Spirit Weapon, all ranges were considered only when wielding one Spirit Weapon.

For a cultivator at the Body Stage, the Effective Range was 120 metres while the Maximum Range was 180 metres. If they by mistake send their Spirit Weapon beyond the Maximum Range, the weapon would simply collapse to the ground.

The majority of the cultivators in the settlement were elites. Therefore, maintaining a distance of two hundred metres was enough for the Zingers to target freely. It was why they launched their attacks from such a distance.

And once the elites endured the blow from the projectile and struggled to cope with their Prana being sucked out, the Zingers would enter their range, retract the Prana Bombs and go beyond 200 metres once again. Thereby, they avoided death.

Instructor Mandu's Spirit Weapon surpassed 200 metres while targeting the Zinger just now. That could only mean one thing.

Inala cupped his fists and bowed in respect, "Congratulations on becoming a master!"

"Congratulations on becoming a master!" The other Instructors too offered their congratulations. It was a joyous occasion to greet the birth of a master. After all, the addition of every master strengthened their settlement's defence and stability.

"Thank you, everyone. Let's not distract ourselves and continue with the class." Instructor Mandu flashed a curt smile and resumed dealing with the Zingers.

'Things are still proceeding according to the book.' Inala thought while in a congratulatory pose. In Sumatra Chronicles, Instructor Mandu reached the Life Stage on the first day of their entry into the Dieng Canyon.

"Inala, continue with the classes." Instructor Mandu patted Inala on the shoulder, "I'll nudge you whenever a Zinger is targeting us. Use your Skill to catch their Prana Bombs."

"On it!" Inala nodded, feeling relieved upon seeing the expression of praise on Instructor Mandu's face.

It was because of Inala's display of the Puppetry Skill. This was what he used in Inala's Comedy Troupe. Instructor Mandu later learned that the Skill had been upgraded by a master.

And upon seeing its effectiveness in combat, his opinion of Inala reached a new height, 'The Puppetry Skill has been geared to be effective against Zingers. Spectacular. Only a master has such foresight.'

Since they were about to enter the Zinger's territory, when a master chanced upon Inala's Puppetry Skill, they saw the ingenuity in the Skill and upgraded it, intending to counter the Zingers. That was Instructor Mandu's line of thought.

It was far from reality, but Inala had no intention to correct him, 'It's good that he's seeing me in a positive light.'

Inala eventually concluded his class, having caught more than twenty Prana Bombs. For his lecture, he received 100 Parute Fruits. And for his contribution to the fight, he received two Prana Bombs that were full of Prana.

"Amazing!" Inala returned to his spot at the Death Row, at the back of the class, controlling his giddiness as he stared at the two Prana Bombs, 'Each of them contains 100 Prana. They'll come in handy during emergencies.'

'But, I shouldn't let this victory get to my head. We have only entered the Dieng Canyon. All I've faced are Basic Zingers that are at the Beginner Iron Grade.' He calmed himself and remained attentive to his surroundings, 'By evening, Zinger Captains would start appearing. They're at the Intermediate Iron Grade and the Prana Bombs they hurl pack a stronger punch.'



Chapter 46: Mandu’s Lifelong Regret

Inala only had 12 Prana at present. The previous day, he had twenty. But to fool Resha, he blew up eight Spirit Containers, causing him to lose 8 Prana.

His control was improving day by day thanks to his practice with the Spirit Reinforcement Skill. But it would still take him time to catch a Prana Bomb thrown by a Zinger Captain. That would only be possible once he reached the peak of the Spirit Stage.

But that didn't mean he didn't have other means. 'Puppetry Skill allows dextrous control of a complex arrangement of Spirit Weapons. With that, I don't need to face the Prana Bombs head-on but can deflect them.'

The glove would catch the Prana Bomb anyway. Moreover, this would happen many metres away from Inala. That meant he had a window anywhere from 0.1 to 1 second, depending on the distance to react.

By making the glove move at an angle, he could divert the projectile path of the Prana Bomb. As long as he diverts it by a metre, he would avoid an impact to his being. Inala intended to reach such a level of skill.

'It seems I cannot avoid classes thanks to Instructor Mandu. Might as well use his good grace and train under his protection.' He intended to stick close to Instructor Mandu for the purpose, 'Besides, he reached the Life Stage. I can obtain some valuable information regarding it from him.'

Only information regarding the Spirit Stage and the early phase of the Body Stage were taught in class. Information about the Life Stage was only available to elites that crept towards the peak of the Body Stage.

Too many things beyond one's control would happen in Sumatra Continent. Therefore, at the first sign of a variable, one would have to alert their plans accordingly. Inala had been repeating this statement to follow it by heart.

And now, it was effective, seeing how he didn't even waste any time thinking about having to scrape his original plans. Rather, his brain began to think up new schemes naturally, 'My mental training is working. My mind is acclimating to this world.'

Seated at the back of the class, Inala listened to the lecture while controlling his glove. Whenever a Prana Bomb came in range, he caught them.

When the Zinger Scouts observed his actions, they avoided the area. But that was only temporary.

On every mountain lived a Zinger colony. As the Empyrean Tusk moved and walked past a new mountain, the Zinger colony there raided it.

So, every time this happened, a group of Zinger Scouts would attack the academy. That also meant there would be short intervals free of attacks, which was when Inala took a breather.

Eventually, it was evening time as classes had ended. 'I somehow survived through that.'

Inala sighed in relief. Not a single student had died to the Zingers, thanks to the protection of the Instructors. But there was no guarantee of it all the time. And that uncertainty was what gave him the loosies.

"Inala, you need to be prepared." Instructor Mandu approached him right as he was about to leave. He brought Inala to a corner and whispered, "In two days, you'll be visiting the 43rd Settlement. Their leader wishes to see you and told you to prepare something called an Imagination Art."

"What is this Imagination Art?" He asked in curiosity.

"It's an advanced version of the portraits I make," Inala said, purposefully expressing pride, "They are useful to train our emotions."

"Does it work?" Instructor Mandu pondered. He wasn't the type to believe something unless provided with solid proof.

"We'll know in two days. I boasted about it to one of the 43rd Settlement Chief's daughters. I'm sure this summons is to test the veracity of my claim." Inala nodded.

"Work hard to succeed," Instructor Mandu patted him in seriousness, "Succeed and become valuable to our clan. That way, you'll have a future."

"If only you didn't have the Fragment Disease…" He trailed off and walked away, muttering softly, "Your talents would have granted you a solid future."

"At least better than mine."

His last statement held his regret. Inala silently stared at the retreating figure of Instructor Mandu, 'Mandu, an unfortunate character.'

When he was a student, Mandu slacked off during training. He hailed from a decently well-off family. His parents were well-known elites and possessed enough power to take up important tasks in the Clan.

He never felt a strong drive to improve himself. As a result, when he graduated, the Clan's evaluation of his potential was merely C-Grade.

The task of the Instructors in the Academy wasn't limited to teaching the students. But from the age of ten when a student entered the academy to when they graduated, the Instructors would evaluate them on many criteria.

Resourcefulness, Survivability, Desire for Survival, and finally, Potential Contribution to the Mammoth Clan. The last factor was the most important of them all. Over the course of five years in the academy, the student would be evaluated.

The Instructors would pile up all the data and present it to the Settlement Leader and the council of masters. The masters would grade the students from D to A.

A D-Grade student would receive a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast egg to fuse with. Intermediate Iron Grade egg for C-Grade students, Advanced Iron Grade egg for B-Grade students, and finally, Expert Iron Grade egg for A-Grade students.

The Settlement Leader would be the one that decided the type of Pranic Beast a student would get in their grade. And finally, if there turns up a genius student with a frightening potential in terms of Clan contribution, the Settlement Leader would up the student's grade from A to S.

An S-Grade student would receive a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg. A Mammoth Clansmen that had fused with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast would become a master. It was not to mention the sheer increase in lifespan a Silver Grade Pranic Beast granted, allowing masters to live for many centuries.

Mandu was granted an Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast. It implied that the Clan had no expectations of him. The fact that Instructor Mandu became a master was a show of his sheer talent.

He realised his talent on the day he became an elite, regretting his decision tremendously. Had he done his best, he would have become an S-Grade student.

Instead of a weak master, he would have been a true powerhouse and supported his Clan better. That was his regret and the reason he constantly urged the students to work their hardest.

But during the First Major Disaster, that regret would only envelop him fully, causing Instructor Mandu to curse himself nonstop as everyone dear to him dies.



Chapter 47: Inala Cries

Having finished dinner, Inala inspected the stock of food in his storeroom. "There's enough for a week. I can't waste any more money on this since they would get spoilt."

He intended to constantly consume and replenish the stock to avoid the contents from going bad. Just before he was about to leave, Inala carefully buried the Storage Lantern in a vacant cavity. Since his house was located at the edge of the settlement, the floor here wasn't flat or even.

It was also very porous. There was a large pore at a corner where the slope curved, creating a space where the Storage Lantern could be placed safely. He covered the entrance with a mattress and placed a table on it.

'Even if a Zinger raids my house, it would leave after wiping my storeroom clean. It wouldn't bother to turn this place upside down.' He was paranoid because the nature of a Zinger was similar to a monkey.

You just couldn't guarantee their behaviour. Hence, he was taking so many steps to safeguard his treasure. The food in the storeroom was a ration if he were to hole himself in his house in the case of a strong Zinger horde attack.

The food also doubled as bait to distract the Zingers that enter his house. As they perform hit-and-run tactics, the Zingers would hurriedly loot the food and fly away. They weren't good at direct combat.

'As long as they obtain enough food, they'll be satisfied and wouldn't thrash my house.' Thinking as such, he looked around the house.

The place wasn't clean. There was dust covering the floor and objects, as if no one lived there. At first glance, the house seemed abandoned, the characteristic he wished to maintain. Only then would the Zinger Queen's egg be laid at such a location. That's why he worked hard to erase all traces of himself from the house.

Relieved upon seeing his work paying off, he closed the door gently and slipped into the night.

Even though Zingers weren't nocturnal, some still attacked in the night. The Zinger community was pretty developed with a strict social hierarchy. Oftentimes, there were Zingers banished from their colony.

Such Zingers would be deprived of food and would rabidly attack during the night. 'Best to be cautious.'

He pushed his trolley and dashed to the channel entrance forty metres away, calming his thumping heart once he was safe inside. He then travelled through the route told by Grehha, soon exiting a channel.

He stared in surprise, seeing the door to Grehha's house positioned two metres from the channel entrance, 'Damn! He's prepared.'

In the likelihood of his house getting raided by the Zingers, Grehha would be able to quickly run into the safety of the channel. Due to their nature, the Zingers wouldn't be entering such narrow spaces, allowing him to survive.

'He too is doing everything to survive in this world.' Inala knocked on the door, watching it open immediately.

"No one noticed your arrival, right?" Grehha peeked out and looked around.

"I made sure of that," Inala nodded and quickly entered the house. It was best to avoid news of their alliance reaching the reincarnates. Even the location of their homes was kept secret. This was to prevent clues of their plan from being found out.

After all, a glance at Inala's residence was enough for Grehha to figure out his goal—the Zinger Queen's egg.

At present, only Grehha and Instructor Mandu knew Inala's address. Inala had requested Instructor Mandu to not reveal his address to anyone else. If anyone wished to commission him a portrait, he'll do it in a public space far away from his home.

But of course, seeing that it was a good opportunity to network with elites from other settlements, Instructor Mandu intended his own residence to be put into use for that. This way, while Inala worked on the portraits, Instructor Mandu could host the guests and talk to them freely and possibly even strike up a friendship.

It was a win-win for both and hence Inala accepted it.

Grehha was even more secretive about his house. He positioned it right next to a channel. And the underground network of channels was complex with hundreds of nodes. Grehha used a different route daily as he moved between his home and the academy.

Moreover, he only visited the academy to obtain food and water while handing over Mud Viper eggs.

"I had to walk a long distance today," Grehha commented. Cages filled the living room from top to bottom, all furnished by the Clan. Sealed within were Mud Vipers, kept sedated while their mouths were harnessed, preventing them from shooting Mud Balls.

"I need eighty kilograms of the mud and a litre of the toxin," Inala asked.

"I don't have an issue with the mud, but it'll be hard to make that much toxin." Grehha said, "I still need a lot of them for my use, you know?"

"I'll make up for it two days later." Inala expressed his urgent need.

"Alright," Grehha nodded and began to control the Mud Vipers to shoot out Mud Balls. He stopped once the trolley was filled to the brim.

Grehha then casually walked to the first floor and returned thirty minutes later, having collected a litre of the toxin, "I had some of today's amount saved up."

"You have more than I expected," Inala said in praise upon seeing that there were still a couple of Mud Vipers with toxins in their venom sacs.

He used the Toxin Refinement Skill on them to make 20 millilitres of the Mud Viper Tonic.

"I'll deduct today's expenditure from your Mud Viper Tonic share," Grehha commented.

"That's fine by me." Inala sneaked back home and holed up in his room.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined fragments of bone obtained from Instructor Mandu into a large photo frame, three metres long and two metres tall.

After making clay, he covered the frame with it, popping a handful of Parute Fruits in his mouth as he began to carve on it. His face became twisted as he could feel a lurching sensation in his chest, 'Think of that scene from Sumatra Chronicles, the climax of volume 1.'

It made him emotional when he read that part. And now, as a Mammoth Clansmen, it subconsciously affected him even further. As Inala wholeheartedly infused all his emotions into the carving process, he didn't even realise when it happened, but he was bawling in desperation, in sadness, feeling absolutely devastated.



Chapter 48: Lady Mother 43rd

Morning, two days later. As it was time to head to the 43rd Settlement, Instructor Mandu arrived at Inala's house and knocked on the door. He shouted when the door opened, "What the fuck happened to your face?"

"I…succeeded, Instructor," Inala said. Swollen eyes, dark circles like a panda, and a parched face that seemed malnourished, signs that he had been crying for extended durations.

"Succeeded?" Instructor Mandu frowned, "In that…Imagination Art, you mean?"

"Yeah, I became like this due to its effects." Inala said while trembling, "I'm scared to present this."

"Can I see it?" Instructor Mandu asked, "The least I can do is beg for forgiveness on your behalf for wasting the 43rd Settlement Leader's time."

"It's not that, Instructor. I wouldn't be this worried if its effects were lacklustre." Inala excused himself and wore a new robe that he had bought just for this occasion. He slung a compact box-shaped bag filled with enough clay and working tools necessary for the commissions from the 43rd Settlement.

He then pointed at the wide object in the corner, "That's the Imagination Art."

Three metres long and two metre tall. The frame was made from bone, two centimetres thick. On it was a layer of clay, ten centimetres thick. The walls were made from bone to protect the edges of the clay from being damaged.

Finally, two thin slabs of bone covered the top, acting as sliding doors that masked the exhibit. Inala even added a lock on the doors. "The frame, two doors, and one lock, four Spirit Weapons in total, each for a purpose. I have my imprint on the lock and two doors. Please make an imprint on the frame, Instructor."

"Only you can carry the Imagination Art. It's too heavy for me." Inala said.

Instructor Mandu observed it and commented, "You still haven't answered my question. Can I see it?"

"Look at me, Instructor." Inala pointed at his face, "We'll run late if you become affected too."

"Alright, I'll trust you on this one." Instructor Mandu didn't comment after that, "I hope you don't misplace my positive opinion."

"Yes, of course." Inala bowed in response.

Instructor Mandu refined the frame of the Imagination Art, allowing him to carry it through psychokinesis. The duo quickly made way through a wide channel and arrived at the head region of the settlement.

In the herd, the 44th Empyrean Tusk was in the 22nd row, positioned left. To its right was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Currently, the two Empyrean Tusks were only 200 metres apart.

By moving so close, each settlement would only have to focus on defending one side.

For the 44th Settlement, they could reallocate eighty percent of their troops to their left. The remainder would be enough for their right side since that side faced the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

Elites from both sides could assist each other. Moreover, the narrow gap made the Zingers hesitant to attack the region. It was a strategic move.

The herd had formations in place for various dangerous terrains.

Instructor Mandu arrived at a building on the right side of the head region. It was a flat terrace. The edges were grilled.

"Come here." Instructor Mandu said to Inala and stood on the flat terrace. He then bowed towards an old man seated nearby.

The old man glanced at the item in his hand and nodded. A moment later, walls crept onto the terrace, creating a room where even the ceiling appeared.

Followed by a rumble, the terrace—that had become a room—moved in the sky and slowly made its way towards the 43rd Settlement like a horizontal lift.

The entire room was the old man's Spirit Weapon, allowing him to control it. And the distance was well within his range. This was how goods and information were safely interchanged between the various Settlements.

A minute later, the walls of the room collapsed as Inala looked around and noticed that he was on the 43rd Settlement now.

An elite approached Instructor Mandu and discussed.

"It's nearby. Follow me." Instructor Mandu said and brought Inala to a nearby house that had a large hall. To avoid causing a rash to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, they dared not venture deeper into the settlement.

Hence, all transactions were conducted at the border.

"They're inside." The elite spoke nervously as he pointed at the entrance, "Proceed inside."

"It's on you, Inala." Instructor Mandu whispered as he cautiously dragged Inala into the room, "Be absolutely respectful."

The room spanned a length of thirty metres and a breadth of twenty-five metres. Two chairs were placed at one end.

Ten people stood behind the pair of chairs respectfully. Half of them were at the Spirit Stage while the remainder were at the Body Stage. But even those at the Spirit Stage brimmed with Prana. And by the pressure they exuded, Inala felt they were either at the peak or were working on entering the Body Stage.

The room was barren. A glowing gem was embedded in the ceiling and was the sole source of illumination in the room. Thankfully, it was bright enough.

Inala's attention finally fell on the couple seated on the pair of chairs, a man and a woman, both seemingly in their twenties based on appearance. But the suffocating stench of blood emanating from them said otherwise.

'They have killed enough for their auras to become tangible and paint a mental image of blood and slaughter.' Inala prostrated on the floor, "I greet the 43rd Settlement Leader and Lady Mother."

The Settlement Leader was generally the oldest and strongest in the Settlement, hence his title. His wife would bear the title of Lady Mother. After all, if she was alive long enough whole being the Settlement Leader's wife, not only would she be a master and wield significant strength, but would have also given birth to dozens of children that stood above their peers.

The head of the Mammoth Clan was taken up by a male, but his role was primarily being in charge of the respective Empyrean Tusk, its position in the herd, coming up with defence plans based on the territory the herd was about to enter, and deciding on the Pranic Beast to be granted to the students.

The actual one in power was the Lady Mother, in charge of all logistics, from wealth and resource allocation to even job postings of the elites. Even the housing of an elite and even a master was decided by her.

Moreover, as Mammoth Clansmen children were generally groomed to revere their mothers and spend most of their childhood with her, barely meeting their fathers, all mothers had an iron grip on their children and were gung-ho about their developmental affairs.

And as the mother that had birthed geniuses and nurtured them to become pillars of the clan, she was behind raising the core strength that safeguarded the sovereignty of the Settlement. Hence, the title Lady Mother.

"You have brought about beneficial changes in my daughter." Right as Inala prostrated on the floor, a gentle voice resounded. But the sound was only gentle to hear. In reality, Inala felt all strength leaving his body, unable to even nod, forced to passively hear whatever the Lady Mother had to say, "It seemed interesting. So, I summoned you here."

"Now, why don't we discuss your findings?"



Chapter 49: Imagination Art—Defeat

'Lady Mother of the 43rd Settlement, Zahaella. She's a troublesome woman.' Inala thought. He recalled her appearances in Sumatra Chronicles, a cold-blooded woman famed for her viciousness, even amongst Mammoth Clansmen.

A year after the First Major Disaster, when the Mammoth Clan enters a kingdom to trade, a minister offends her. Zahaella schemes against the minister in such a way that even after his entire family was slaughtered, with the heads of everyone raised on spiked poles and kept on display on the streets, the King had to personally ask for forgiveness.

The number of Mammoth Clansmen were few but each were strong. At the same cultivation level, a Mammoth Clansmen can take on five other cultivators and emerge victorious. This difference was further extreme among masters.

The Mystic Bone Art was the best in Sumatra Continent, at the pinnacle in terms of cultivation efficiency. Adding onto the Empyrean Tusk that gave Mammoth Clansmen all resources they desired, as long as a Mammoth Clansman had enough talent, he could grow strong.

Conversely, a cultivator in a human kingdom wasn't so fortunate. Not only do they possess inferior cultivation techniques, most of the time, they wouldn't even have access to the optimal resources, oftentimes having to subsist with similar materials.

That and the fact that they have to build their Spirit Vessel on their own was a challenge. For a Mammoth Clansman, once they fuse their hundred Spirit Containers into one and enter the Body Stage, they need to fuse with a Pranic Beast egg, and bam, they'll stabilise their cultivation and could accumulate strength Immediately after.

This wasn't the case with a normal cultivator that had to painstakingly infuse properties of various minerals into their Spirit Container and hopefully stabilise it after a lot of problems. The success rate was minimal.

That's why, despite having cultivators in the tens to hundreds of millions per kingdom, the number of cultivators that reached the body stage only numbered in the thousands. Masters were even fewer.

The amount of Prana they possessed was minimal. Their lifespans too were short and numbered. Adding everything, an average cultivator paled in comparison to a Mammoth Clansman.

When the minister's family was singlehandedly slaughtered by Zahaella, the King was furious. But even he was defeated by her and had to beg for forgiveness. Of course, Zahaella looted the kingdom's royal coffers and also purchased enough slaves to make up numbers for the newly added 44th Empyrean Tusk.

The slaves were used as fuel by the twenty-something Mammoth Clansmen survivors in the new 44th Settlement to birth newborns. And under the influence of the 44th Empyrean Tusk, the newborns were all born as Mammoth Clansmen.

The slaves were disposed of shortly after, since they had served their use. It was pretty vicious, but that was the norm here. 'And I definitely cannot displease her.'

Unlike Bora Tusk, the 44th Settlement Leader, Yahard Tusk, the 43rd Settlement Leader was a reasonable man. As long as Inala appealed to his curious nature, he'll help shield Inala from Zahaella's schemes.

"Now, why don't we discuss your findings?" At Zahaella's words, Inala remained in his prostrated pose.

Seeing that he remained respectful, Yahard Tusk gently nudged his wife, causing her to retract her Prana. Once the formless energy vanished, Inala was able to move once again. He stared up and nodded respectfully, "It's an honour to contribute to the Clan."

"Even if we're from different Settlements?" Zahaella asked, expressing no intention behind her words. But it was a test. She was judging Inala's worth.

"That doesn't matter." Inala said in confidence, "If the Clan benefits, my Settlement would naturally gain from it. In that regard, I intend to become useful to my Clan."

With the first statement, he expressed his broadminded perspective, focusing on the big picture—the Mammoth Clan. His second statement meant that he didn't stint on his Settlement in favour of the big picture. Finally, he expressed the desire of every Mammoth Clansmen—to become useful to the Clan.

'For a student his age, he's focused.' Yahard Tusk sported a mild smile, 'Well, that is natural for a Death Row student. Only then can he survive his death sentence.'

Upon seeing her husband's opinion of Inala improve, Zahaella calmly brought Luttrena forward and asked, "What do you think of my daughter?"

"I'm envious of her talent and contribution." Inala expressed honestly. It wasn't his honest thoughts. He was just expressing them as if they were his honest thoughts.

'That's it?' Zahaella calmly eyed Luttrena, observing no fluctuation in her facial expression. Her thoughts were completely masked as her eyes trailed towards Instructor Mandu and settled on the object he was carrying, "Explain about it."

"Yes," Inala nodded and motioned for Instructor Mandu to carefully place it on the floor, facing the crowd. He didn't open it prematurely and instead gave a curt explanation, unwilling to offend the masters with a long-winded explanation and waste their time, "It's an art piece that a mere glance of will affect your emotions. This one, in particular, would probably cause you to kill me. It's that offensive."

"It might rile up enough emotions to make anyone in the Spirit Stage lose their Prana as their Spirit Containers break." He bowed lightly, "That's the end of my explanation. Please brace yourselves."

"What is it called?" Yahard Tusk didn't seem to mind the explanation. Rather, he had observed Inala's shabby appearance to judge the piece's effectiveness.

Inala slowly opened the doors, revealing the inscription inside. He hadn't even finished opening it when Prana gushed into the doors, destroyed his imprint, and took control. The doors closed shut in an instant as the Imagination Art flew towards Yahard Tusk.

Dense killing intent filled the room, enough to make everyone faint from the sheer bloodthirstiness in the pressure.

"Yahard!" Zahaella bellowed, emitting her Prana in warning, calming down an agitated Yahard. The nature of her Prana turned gentle and shielded everyone in the room that had fainted, healing them as she watched them get up one after another.

"I apologise." Yahard sighed as he observed Inala regain consciousness after five seconds had passed, clapping in praise, "That was incredibly offensive."

He laughed casually, "If not for my wife, I indeed would have killed you."

"You're brave, kid."

The reason was simple. The Imagination Art pretty much touched the reverse scale of every Mammoth Clansmen. It was a simple image, one displaying the scene of an Empyrean Tusk crying as it fell to the side, overwhelmed by Zingers. Headless Mammoth Clansmen stood on its collapsing body while their heads were carried by the Zingers as they did with their Prana Bombs.

What triggered them the most was the Empyrean Tusk shedding tears at the death of its immune system—Mammoth Clansmen—as it was overpowered by the enemy, falling to its death. That was the scene depicted on the carving, of an Empyrean Tusk's defeat, something incomprehensible and unimaginable to the Mammoth Clansmen.

Imagination Art—Defeat!



Chapter 50: Striking a Deal

An Empyrean Tusk was every Mammoth Clansman's spiritual pillar, the deity of their worship, one they treated more sacred and beloved than their family. They depended on the Empyrean Tusk for survival, from food to cultivation resources.

Moreover, the settlements were their haven, allowing them to survive in a treacherous world. Bear note that Sumatra Continent wasn't dominated by human cultivators but by Pranic Beasts. Humanity only occupied a small area, littered like dots across the vast expanse of earth.

A human kingdom getting wiped out by Pranic Beasts overnight wasn't anything uncommon. It frequently occurred. The survivors fled the region and gave enough births to hopefully offset the damage with numbers and erect a piece of land for themselves once again.

They would lose everything they had accumulated and would have to start from scratch. Lacking basic necessities to live, the climate unforgiving, their previous cultivation techniques rendered redundant by the lack of necessary resources, etc.

Bearing everything, they would rebuild a kingdom and probably experience a few decades of stability, only to be overrun by a Pranic Beast swarm. They would have to be blessed with luck to chance upon a danger-minimal region with enough stability for the kingdom to eventually grow into an empire.

Only then can it sustain enough stability to accumulate enough power and deter local Pranic Beasts. And even then, it wasn't guaranteed. There were migratory Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Tusks that had century-long routes.

When such Pranic Beast herds passed through the region, the empire might be reduced to a kingdom or even to ruin. The lives of such cultivators were akin to homeless dogs.

In comparison, Mammoth Clansmen lived like kings, despite their high death rate. Not once was a settlement completely annihilated. This was only made possible by the Empyrean Tusk's protection.

The Mammoth Clan had a history spanning thousands of years. Therefore, their beliefs were deeply rooted. Empyrean Tusks were sacred and couldn't be tampered upon, whether physically, verbally, or even by imagination. And before the eyes of such Clansmen, the Imagination Art of Defeat was displayed, showing the death of an Empyrean Tusk.

Inala was practically courting death. Had he shown this to Bora Tusk, his head would have been flying long ago. Only because it was Yahard Tusk could he take this risk.

"What is the thought that went behind this?" Yahard asked after calming down. He stared at Inala in a new light. The Imagination Art was absolutely offensive, but it did what Inala said. Rather, it was more effective than had been stated. Seeing a couple of his children lose all their accumulated Prana, he understood its potency.

"Imagination Art is a material meant to train our mind to keep our emotions in check, no matter the cause." Inala explained, "As someone with the Fragment Disease, my Spirit Containers break every time I get emotional. In a perilous situation, I am mentally affected. There is no way around it."

He stared at Yahard and bowed, "Only elites and masters that have been in such situations hundreds to thousands of times would be able to control their emotions. But how many times must we lose our hard-accumulated Prana before grasping this?"

"When I thought of the losses borne by our Clan, I conceptualised Imagination Art." He concluded.

"Why did you make this precisely?" Zahaella asked, focusing on his expression. "You could have made something else to showcase your skill."

"If I can control my emotions and not lose Prana even after seeing that, then no matter what Sumatra Continent throws my way, I would be able to handle it," Inala said. "That was my sole thought behind creating this piece."

"It is as you say." Yahard calmly clenched his hand into a fist, instantly crumpling the art piece into a tiny sphere, "But, let's not go this far, alright?"

"We don't want the students to lose all their Prana." He said in the tone of a senior educating a junior.

"I overstepped my bounds." Inala prostrated on the ground, "Please punish my acts."

"We'll relay you a set of instructions for the type of Imagination Art we desire on our Academy walls." Zahaella flicked her hand, motioning for Inala to leave, "You'll do well to make them perfect."

"It's my honour to be of use to the Clan," Inala announced as he was escorted out.

"You said he approached you at the end of the fair, right?" Once Inala left, Zahaella addressed Luttrena, "Why were you in an emotionally disturbed state?"

"That…" Luttrena intended to hide her embarrassing actions, but unable to endure her mother's calm glare, she blurted out everything.

"Virala, huh?" Zahaella calmly patted the armrest and asked after a few seconds of silence, "Do you want him?"

"I don't." Luttrena shook her head, "He already has a woman. I'm not lowly enough to fight for someone like that."

"Spineless weakling," Zahaella snorted, "Just kill that girl and make him your toy. A mere Death Row orphan, he should thank his fortune to gain your favour."

"I don't want Virala. He's trash." Luttrena's voice turned meek, afraid to receive her mother's gaze. 'She's angry! Shit!'

"What about Inala, then?" Yahard interjected, "He has the Fragment Disease, but his temperament is great. He has cried enough the past two days to dry out his tear glands but his Spirit Containers remain stable. That's not easy to achieve."

"I can judge that he has trained in shattering and rebuilding his Spirit Containers extensively." Yahard concluded, "Though weak and without a bright future, he has exceptional qualities that will be passed down. His children will undoubtedly become powerhouses."

"That's a high evaluation," Zahaella spoke but didn't counter any of his comments, offering her subtle acknowledgement. She glared at Luttrena, "You heard your father. So, why didn't you make him yours? The fair presented a good opportunity."

"I…" Luttrena hesitated.

"Mother, can I do it instead of her?" A girl nearby Luttrena expressed willingness, "I'm interested in his talent. Let me take charge of our transaction with him. Give me a few days and I'll also bear his child."

"Asaeya, you!" Luttrena glared at her sibling, "Don't interfere in my business!"

Zahaella raised her hand and motioned for Luttrena to shut up. Her glance revealed her disappointment in her daughter failing to capitalise on her status. She had already investigated Virala, 'He too is a talent. If she doesn't even realise that, she's useless.'

"Try not to disappoint me." Zahaella didn't even spare a glance at Asaeya while addressing her, "There are some good seeds in the 44th Settlement this time. Create opportunities for your sisters too."

"Leave it to me, mother." Asaeya nodded, thinking in seriousness, 'Inala, huh? His eyes are just my type. Maybe I'll seriously pursue him.'



