Chapter 201 Turning Sisters into Enemies (Part 2)

There was no other living being in the vicinity, save for an egg in the cave. No human or Pranic Beast could target it from far away without it detecting them first.

Therefore, the only culprit that could attack it was the blasted Centinger acting concerned right before it. An artillery strike had enough power to blast its face to such an extent. And a Centinger was capable of shooting a single spike that would vaporise upon impact. That was within their capability.

Once was fine. It could be treated as a prank.

Twice, it could be endured. Maybe it treated the other party badly in the past and this was its revenge. That too was within its endurance capability. But a third strike? That's going overboard, especially since all three attacks destroyed its face and blinded it.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

The Centinger activated its Primary Nature in full and attacked the other party, causing a battle to break out between the two. There were incessant screeches between the two, as they were arguing in their language while fighting.

[I didn't do it!]

[Take me for a fool, will you? Eat shit!]

Inala absorbed a data cluster from the male Centinger's skull related to the language of the Centingers, able to slowly make sense of their screeches. Of course, it would take some time to get used to, but there was no urgency.

He was only doing this to ensure his plan was working well.

[I didn't attack you!]

The second Centinger continued to plead while defending against the artillery strike. The centipede upper bodies of both coiled around each other, grating through their respective exoskeletons. Thunderous banging sounds reverberated from their clashes, causing ripples to form on the lake.

The battle lasted for a good twenty minutes before stopping. The second Centinger somehow managed to convince the angry Centinger.

[Sleep beside me, then! I can't attack you in that case, even if I wanted!]

That was how the two Centingers made peace. They slumped beside each other and fell asleep. The Prana in their Spirit Containers circulated through their bodies, slowly mending the damage they had sustained.

Once both were fast asleep, two Empyrean Zingers crawled out of the lake. All of them hid within the Rockatrice's corpse, having encased themselves in Prana Bombs.

The moment the Centingers spread their Prana around, the Rockatrice's corpse reacted to it, causing a large bump on their skin. But that was it. Since their Prana reacted to its corpse, it couldn't seep deep inside.

As a result, the Prana Bombs deep within its flesh remained beyond their detection. Of course, in their senses, the corpse of the Rockatrice was registered as a large piece of mass that was reacting to Prana.

This was the limit in terms of detection capabilities for Prana, no matter the existence. Hence, the Centingers failed to detect the presence of the Empyrean Zingers hiding within.

And once it was time, two of them broke out of their Prana Bombs and swam towards the edge of the lake before making their way to the second Centinger.

They spat out their respective Sumatra Zingers simultaneously and began to charge it up slowly. These Sumatra Zingers barely possessed half the strength of Inala's Sumatra Zinger, a difference that arose due to the source organs forming them.

Inala's Sumatra Zinger was created using his organs, those toughened from cultivating Mystic Bone Art for longer durations.

In contrast, the Empyrean Zingers used to make Sumatra Zingers were all younglings, aged between one and two years.

But despite being weaker, these Sumatra Zingers still packed a decent punch. Ten minutes later, the two Empyrean Zingers crawled underneath the second Centinger and positioned themselves right underneath its crotch, the most sensitive location on its body.

They aimed the nozzle right into the canyon entrance on the groin and shot two Prana Bombs, committing suicide immediately after swallowing their respective Sumatra Zingers. As they fell to the ground as two specs of dust, the second Centinger howled in pain.

It was its turn to glare at the other Centinger, roaring in pain.

[I told you it wasn't me! Why attack me sneakily?]

[I didn't!]

Tensions increased between the two as they no longer fell asleep, remaining briskly awake. If not for the fact that they didn't wish to kill fellow brethren, they would have fought to the death already.

The two Centingers remained awake, constantly emitting Prana to keep watch over their surroundings. But maintaining it for more than a couple of hours began to tire them out. Hence, they eventually retracted it.

But they kept vigilant watch over each other. Unfortunately for them, the moment they retracted their Prana, six Empyrean Zingers crawled out of the lake and approached them.

They were nail-sized and blended in with the surroundings, too small for the Centinger eye to make out, especially since such a small Pranic Beast didn't exist, at least based on their knowledge.

Moreover, the six miniature Empyrean Zingers approached them from their blind spots. Three per each, they climbed onto the Centingers. Their exoskeleton armours weren't as sensitive as skin.

And once they lightened their body density to the limit, the Empyrean Zingers were no different from air, impossible for their weight to be felt by the Centingers.

Slowly, they positioned themselves on the centipede upper bodies of each, camping right at the scuttling legs. This was where the artillery strikes would be shot from. Hence, they were the perfect spot to attack from.

Ten minutes later, all six Sumatra Zingers had finished loading. The Empyrean Zingers were ready, keeping most of the Sumatra Zinger's shaft within their mouths. Right as the shot finishes, they would swallow it and commit suicide, becoming a speck of grain, taking less than a second for the entire process.

Even the Prana Bomb would vanish upon impact, as the dense power of Internal Inertial Gravity within it would create a singularity and cause it to shrink into a grain of sand too.

The six Empyrean Zingers kept watch alertly, observing the direction faced by the sight appendages of the two Centingers. The moment their eyes faced elsewhere, six shots were fired, three on each.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

[Again! And again! And again!]

The two Centingers roared in anger. Since the attack stemmed from the scuttling legs of each, which was from where they launched their artillery strikes, in the minds of each Centinger, the other party was now assuredly the culprit.

They no longer pulled punches and went in for the kill, resulting in a bloody fight as large body parts were torn off and strewn everywhere while artilleries punctured through their tough shells.

Two hours later, one of the Centingers died while the other was too wounded to move around. Suddenly, a bunch of Prana Hands slammed into it, short-circuiting its exhausted brain. Inala rushed before it and placed his hand on its body, seeping his Prana into it, "Finally!"

"Your data is mine!"

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!



Chapter 202 Two Cultivation Paths

Mystic Bone Art!

Inala collected the bones of both the Rockatrice and the two Centingers, accumulating a hill-sized amount. He planned to use it for his next task.

There was a valid reason he stayed behind and sent Asaeya with baby Gannala first, despite the various risks involved. It was all for the Attribute!

Cure! Attribute! Weapon! Pet! Seat of Transcendence!

Among the five Major Treasures shown in Sumatra Chronicles, the Attribute was the most suitable for Inala. He failed to obtain the Cure, but even if he did, that would have been a waste in his possession.

Resha was the most suitable to possess it. The reason wasn't limited to their talent and specialisation, but also their mental tendencies.

Resha was someone who faced a situation head-on while Inala worked his way around and tackled it only after gaining enough leeway.

The Major Treasure of Weapon would be an absolute waste in Inala's hands. He knew it best. Therefore, even though he would fight for the Weapon's ownership, it wasn't his priority.

His Primary Nature would be elevated to a whole other level once he gains the Attribute. And with it, he'll stand on the same plane as Resha.

There existed two cultivation paths in Sumatra Continent. One was the path of Pranic Beasts while the second was the path of Human cultivators.

Human Cultivators could reach the Life Stage and possess many lives. And once they reach the peak of cultivation, they could become a Transcendent and ascend into a Transcendent World.

It was a necessity to reach the peak of cultivation to become a Transcendent.

In contrast, the Pranic Beasts could only grow until their maturity. The strength they had at maturity was equivalent to a Human cultivator at the peak of the Body Stage. That was their limit in the traditional sense.

But the Pranic Beast's path didn't end there. There were two ways to overcome their racial limitations.

First was Mutation!

As long as a Pranic Beast achieves certain conditions, it would mutate and become many times stronger than the rest of its brethren. A famous example was Asaeya's Grim Knell.

Its base form was the Death Knell, a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Once it mutates, it becomes the Death Knell, a Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

Not only did its strength experience a boom from the Beginner Silver Grade to the Expert Silver Grade, but it also gained its Secondary Nature. This was the first way in which a Pranic Beast escapes its racial limitation.

Second was Evolution!

When a Pranic Beast creates a Ravaged Tribe and nurtures said Tribe from one generation to another, there would eventually come a point when the Ravaged Tribe becomes Clansmen.

When this happens, it creates a synergetic effect on its master's Prana, causing the Pranic Beast to evolve. This was the method through which the Empyrean Tusks attained their Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast status.

Maybe when Sumatra Continent formed, there only existed Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Through countless variables, some of them gained intelligence, using it to create a Ravaged Tribe.

Eventually, when they succeeded, an Iron Grade Pranic Beast evolved to become a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. And through mating, they increased their numbers until eventually, the entirety of that particular Pranic Beast race advanced to the Silver Grade.

Step by step, some of them entered the Gold Grade until eventually, the Empyrean Tentacles created a path to reach the Mystic Grade, gaining Sumatra Continent's support to become its blessed race.

The peak of the Pranic Beast path was the Mystic Grade. Hence, Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts could become a Transcendent and ascend to the Transcendent World.

After obtaining the relevant information from the previous Gannala, Inala got to thinking. Currently, his strength was equivalent to a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

And as a Human cultivator, if he reaches the 10-Life Stage and becomes a Transcendent, wouldn't his Grade as a Transcendent be the Silver Grade?

What about Resha? Currently, he had the power of an Empyrean Tusk, meaning a Gold Grade power. Therefore, when Resha becomes a Transcendent, wouldn't he be at the Gold Grade as a Transcendent?

What about Brangara then? Despite being a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he could also tread the cultivator path. Therefore, when he reaches the peak, he'll be at the peak of both paths, becoming a Mystic Grade Transcendent unlike any other.

If the Boar King gets his hands on the Seat of Transcendence, he would be able to become a Transcendent immediately after. In that case, he would head to the Transcendent World, and kill all the Mammoth Clansmen that had ascended until now.

And once he kills the Mammoth Ancestor, he might even figure out a way to return to Sumatra Continent. By then, a single thought from him and every single Empyrean Tusk and Mammoth Clansman would drop dead.

Maybe it might take time or maybe it will happen before Inala dies of old age. In any case, the danger existed.

Hence, the only way for Inala to elevate his potential and level the playing ground in response to all possibilities was to tread into the Pranic Beast's path of cultivation.

Through his immune system—the Empyrean Zingers—Inala would be able to create his own Ravaged Tribe. As long as his Ravaged Tribe continues to mature, a beneficial effect would happen to his Prana, since he was their master.

When that happens, once Inala obtains the Attribute, he will become a true Empyrean Zinger, instead of just being a cultivator with the power of an Empyrean Zinger.

With his Primary Nature of Royalty, there was a legit possibility. Moreover, he had all the information to make it a reality. Currently, the Empyrean Zinger was at the peak of its evolutionary path, as evidenced by the prefix 'Empyrean' to its name. Therefore, once Inala succeeds, he'll evolve into a whole new race. His Primary Nature would experience an evolution too.

The Mystic Skill Creator gave him a fighting chance, allowing him to plan and prepare himself to eventually make that possibility a reality. Obtaining the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill only allowed him to shorten that path.

When he first saw the Rooster Tribe, Inala felt a spark of inspiration. But back then, he only thought of making the Rooster Tribe obedient to the Mammoth Clan. But over the three years of stay in the region and accumulating significant information regarding the Ravaged Tribes, the spark of inspiration condensed into a concrete idea.

Why should only the Boar King exercise the benefits of both cultivation paths? Since Inala was working hard to condense the Boar King's Tertiary Nature of Cultivator in baby Gannala, he might as well change his goals too.

Maybe his Primary Nature had a strong influence on his mental growth. He wasn't sure, but one thing was certain.

He was already a completely different individual from four years ago when he joined this race for Major Treasures.



Chapter 203 Follow Me!

Inala sat in the cave, holding an Empyrean Zinger's skull. He had used the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill on an Empyrean Zinger and was currently employing the Mind Slip Prime Skill to access its information.

He was straight up devouring everything in it. After all, understanding an Empyrean Zinger's body was pivotal to his growth in the Body Stage. And what better way to do it than to inscribe all the data of an Empyrean Zinger into his mind?

Since it would be inscribed in his mind, Inala only needed to spend some time to comprehend them fully. Assisted by copious amounts of Lifeforce funnelling into his body through the biome in his stomach, Inala ensured his brain didn't explode from the information overload.

This was similar to the refining process used by many cultivation novel protagonists. By relying on powerful regeneration abilities, they would subject themselves to death-guaranteed situations, such as a poison bath.

The poison would try to destroy their body while their regeneration would keep them alive. Through repeated cycles of destruction and regeneration, their bodies would be reforged stronger and immune to the respective poison too.

It was a canon event!

Presently, Inala was experiencing the same. Of course, it didn't happen by chance like those protagonists. It was all through his voluntary initiative.

As he accessed the Empyrean Zinger's skull, a vast sea of information flooded his mind, causing his brain to break down. But before permanent damage was done to the organ, an exorbitant quantity of Lifeforce surged in the brain and healed it.

To avoid becoming a madman, since the brain was a sensitive organ, Inala overdosed himself with Lifeforce. Thereby, the regeneration rate exceeded the destruction rate.

Seated around him were four Empyrean Zingers, holding a Life Hand each. The moment Inala felt the Lifeforce supplied from his biome was lacking, he would activate the four Life Hands and steal lifeforce from the four Empyrean Zingers.

This was just a contingency measure, but it was there to ensure no mishaps would happen. If one had the brain to map out all the problematic variables beforehand, then it was only wise to prepare for them all.

Inala did have the presence of mind to think of everything.

He felt a mild headache as he absorbed large clusters from the Empyrean Zinger's skull. Since he was using the Mind Slip Prime Skill, everything was under his control. Only when he touched an information cluster did he absorb them into his mind.

So, he exercised active control over every step of the process.

While he was doing this, the Empyrean Zinger King was busy too. It sent the remaining Empyrean Zingers on an errand.

After heading to Ellora City, they were to keep watch on the situation there and alert Inala accordingly. Moreover, they were also tasked with digging a tunnel from a secluded location on the outskirts of Ellora City to the shelters within.

Seated next to the lake, the Empyrean Zinger King touched the female Centinger's skull and absorbed its information. Its job was to understand the Centingers better.

After all, next on the list was to hunt a Millinger at the Ganrimb Kingdom Capital. Before Inala could target them, a comprehensive understanding of them was necessary.

But of course, since he was busy understanding the data of an Empyrean Zinger, he left the task to the Empyrean Zinger King.

That way, as long as it was fully aware of the Centingers, he could access the information from its mind when necessary. The moment he faces a situation, the Empyrean Zinger King would think up a solution based on its understanding of the Centingers.

Inala only had to read its thoughts to know what was happening. This was the most efficient use of his immune system. This was also how the Empyrean Tusks navigated through Sumatra Continent, selectively absorbing the information collected by their respective Mammoth Clan.

A week passed in such a fashion.

Ellora City!

"Aargh!" Gudora roared as he unleashed copious amounts of Prana, releasing a crystal dust mist that crystallised a wounded Centinger. Four cultivators at the Life Stage bombarded attacks on the crystallised Centinger and shattered the crystal layer, revealing a vulnerable Centinger.

Its shell and exoskeleton had been crystallised. And once the brittle crystal layer was destroyed, it revealed the Centinger's squirming flesh underneath.

"It's vulnerable now! Attack!" Gudora shouted and condensed a crystal spear that he slammed into the soft flesh of the Centinger. Followed by a grunt, he revved the spear, making it drill into the Centinger's body, stopping once it shredded its brain.

The Centinger dropped dead as its blood gushed out like a wave, covering the city. Craters covered the city's surface, a result of the numerous artillery strikes. They were now filled with the blood of the Centingers as over half of them had died.

"Keuk!" Gudora winced in pain as he downed two bottles of medicine and swallowed a handful of Parute Fruits. His injuries were serious but he had to continue fighting.

The casualties among the soldiers were horrifying. Less than a tenth of the original twenty-thousand-plus soldiers were alive. This was not to mention the fact that twelve shelters had been decimated.

Each shelter housed around ten thousand people. Therefore, they had already lost sixty percent of their population.

With less than two thousand soldiers fighting nineteen Centingers, the situation was despairing. No one knew how many would be alive by the end of this fight as the shelters continued to be discovered and destroyed.

"Fear not and follow me!" Gudora shouted and unleashed a wide-scale attack, targeting five Centingers. He planned to face them all alone. And the moment he creates an opening, the other cultivators would target these Centingers.

At least, in this way, they could stall as many Centingers as possible while protecting the shelters.

But as war would have it, the people within the shelters were afraid, and nervous as the reserve soldiers were called upon to fight one after another.

And in one such shelter, after the reserve soldiers were called, the remaining eight thousand people were in terror. Cracks covered their shelter and it seemed it was just a matter of time before it collapsed.

There were a couple of injured people among them, part of the reserve force that had returned, on the brink of death.

"Many shelters have fallen. We are next!" One of them shouted as his eyes lost their light. The atmosphere was sombre. Everyone had no other choice but to brace themselves for death.

Rumble!

Suddenly, cracks accelerated along the sides of the shelter, terrifying the people who distanced themselves from it, staring in fear. Those with some level of strength held their Spirit Weapons, trembling as they stared at the cracking wall.

There was a loud rumble, following which the walls shattered, revealing a hole spanning three metres in diameter. A figure walked out, exhibiting an air of royalty, decked full of armour that exuded a dense stench of blood.

The extent of blood and grease covering it was an evident fact that he was a figure that had ground through the meat of Pranic Beasts in large numbers.

Staring at the terrified expressions of the people, the figure pointed at the tunnel and announced aloud, "I'll bring everyone to safety. Those that wish to live,"

"Follow me!"



Chapter 204 Refugee Transportation Plan

"Those that wish to live, follow me!" Saying so, Inala turned around and entered the three-metre-wide tunnel, brisk walking through it. He didn't give enough time for the people in the shelter to think and question him.

His actions pressured them mentally. And hence, those who were desperate to live followed him instinctively. Domino effect and peer pressure later, pretty much everyone followed him.

The eight thousand people formed a long line through the underground tunnel that left Ellora City and stopped three kilometres away from the city walls, at an outskirt within a forest.

There was a small hill there, affixed with a narrow entrance. Inala led a hundred people out of the tunnel and brought them inside the hill.

There was a large cave inside, recently dug. It spanned a breadth and height of four metres, sporting a platform on one side. The cave was seventy metres long, perfectlymatching the train's length.

It consisted of seven compartments in total, with each compartment spanning a length of ten metres. Ten wooden benches were placed in each compartment, forming a seating capacity of twenty.

There were five passenger compartments in total while the first and last compartments were engine compartments.

"Board this train," Inala said and pointed at the benches, "Two per each bench. It's a product of my ability and will swiftly take you to a shelter farther away."

"This…" The people hesitated, having never seen a train before. They didn't know how it operated. They didn't know Inala, since he was covered from head to toe in armour. Hence, they couldn't trust him.

Of course, Inala knew their thoughts. Hence, he simply kept up the pressure game, pointing his hand toward the exit, "Leave, if you are uncertain."

"Go back to your collapsing shelter."

"N-No, we'll board it." The most afraid ones were the first to take a seat. Of course, Inala had selectively brought such people among the first batch. As long as there is someone to take the initiative, the indecisive ones will follow suit.

Soon, the hundred people took their seats. Immediately in response, the doors closed as a powerful gust of wind was generated by the engine compartment, causing the train to enter the narrower tunnel extending forward.

The train tracks were created out of the bones of Slump Lizards. There were many corpses of them in the region, caught between the humans and Centingers. And in a week's time, the Empyrean Zingers laid down the train tracks.

Thanks to Mystic Bone Art, they could manipulate bone and effectively install them once Inala fed them the necessary information through a Bone Slip.

Seated within the engine room were twelve Empyrean Zingers. Four of them blew the compressed air stored in their lungs—after the space within had been enlarged—through a pipeline, the exhaust of which extended to the back, propelling the train forward.

Once the four Empyrean Zingers finished blowing out all the air in their lungs, they would rest and restock on air while a second batch would replace them. And by the time the third batch emptied their lungs, the first batch would be ready to blow out air once again.

This way, they ensured a consistent thrust was generated to keep the train's motion steady. As the train was travelling underground, with no disturbances, it reached its destination within an hour.

A reverse thrust was generated at the end to decelerate the train, causing it to accurately stop at the destination, arriving within the smaller region of the Rockatrice Settlement. There was a flight of stairs leading out of the station to the surface.

"Stay here," Inala got out of the station first and led the people to the surface, pointing them at the fertile lands, "This place is absolutely safe."

It was true since he planted Prana Bombs throughout the peak of the walls surrounding the settlement. They worked in absorbing any Prana traces the people there emitted. Hence, the Centingers couldn't detect their existence unless they came close.

The two female Centingers that had camped in the region were killed. Hence, no other Centinger would approach the place anytime soon. After all, the Angan River was very long, causing the three hundred female Centingers to spread out throughout it in teams of two.

"Once I bring everyone here, I'll make arrangements for food and water. Stay put until then," His words oozed authority, causing the refugees to blindly accept him. His blood-covered amour and the sheer presence he unleashed were enough proof of his strength.

Hence, in the minds of the refugees, he established himself with the image of a strong saviour who only did things his way.

Boarding the train, Inala made the return journey. For this to happen, the twelve Empyrean Zingers assumed miniature forms and used a pipeline—connecting the engine compartment at the front to the engine compartment at the back—to travel.

Arriving at the other engine compartment, they did the same as before, causing the train to return to the original station.

This time, Inala didn't accompany the refugees. The first batch would accommodate the subsequent batches. Hence, he needn't make unnecessary trips.

A round trip took two hours. That meant only twelve hundred people were transported in a day. There were around eight thousand people that followed after Inala. Thankfully, each of them carried as many rations as possible. So, food wasn't an issue for the time being.

It would take a week before all of them were transported to the Rooster Tribe settlement. There was no other way around it. Only by transporting them through this underground tunnel could Inala avoid the detection of both the Centingers and the peak cultivators of Ellora City.

Also, making one railway line exhausted all the resources he could accumulate. Many of his reserve Empyrean Zingers had died in the recent fights. Hence, he was running low on them.

Even if he were to replenish their numbers using Life Bombs, it would take a few months before they could be useful for his purposes. Hence, he was limited to a single railway line.

Upon seeing how the people remained obedient, after sending a batch of refugees through the train, once Inala exited the hill, he swapped places with the Empyrean Zinger King.

It piloted a realistic puppet of his armoured figure. As it was fully covered by armour, it was hard to see through the disguise. Moreover, Inala imbued his vocal cords into the puppet.

Therefore, remaining in its miniature form within the puppet's stomach, the Empyrean Zinger King could control this vocal cord to speak with Inala's voice. And since all the refugees were weak even among the Spirit Stage cultivators, they couldn't detect its presence within the puppet's stomach.

Rather, the miniature Prana Bombs embedded throughout the puppet's body absorbed any ambient Prana used by the refugees to get a feeling of its strength. Two such puppets were also left in the Rooster Tribe settlement, currently hidden.

They only intended to come out if any problems cropped up among the refugees. They were piloted by Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Upon observing the Empyrean Zinger King perfectly guiding the refugees, Inala sneaked through the forest and made a beeline towards Ellora City. There was still a lot of work left to accomplish.



Chapter 205 Like a Mole: Dig! Dig! Dig!

Sneaking into Ellora City, Inala leaped into the shelter whose people he had saved not long ago. He closed the tunnel with a door of bone and patched it up with a layer of mud. He stood inside and observed how peaceful it was here.

With the eight thousand people inside gone, the Centingers no longer had a reason to launch attacks in the shelter's direction. They instead focused on the other shelters, thinking the people within this shelter got done in by one of the Centingers.

Inala created a large screw and began to dig a tunnel toward the closest shelter that was still intact. By accessing Hanya's skull, he knew the location of all the shelters. Simply surveying the battle from time to time and observing the scale of damage in all the areas allowed him to figure out which shelters were destroyed and which were still intact.

After digging for five hours straight, Inala observed that there were less than ten metres before the tunnel made contact with a shelter.

He made a trip to the surface, jumped under a pile of rubble, and made preparations, condensing a large amount of Prana Bombs. The battle continued nearby as he observed the Centinger that was obstructed by the least number of soldiers.

He suddenly unleashed a pulse of Prana, catching its attention. A Centinger didn't shy away from a challenge. Hence, ignoring the few soldiers it fought, it rushed towards Inala, preparing an Artillery strike.

Boom!

Once it approached close, it unleashed a hail of spikes, absolutely shredding the region apart, melting through the pile of rubble until the source of the Prana was snuffed out. It exuded an air of disappointment, wondering how the enemy that unleashed such a strong presence was killed so easily.

But right at that moment, the floor underneath it caved in, causing it to fall into a large pit, the bottom of which was filled with Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. "Scree!"

Within a second, all its Prana and Lifeforce were stolen.

"What the…" The nearby soldier shouted in shock as he braked close to the edge of the pit.

"This makes no sense." Another soldier peered into the pit and expressed his fear, "What are those…eggs?"

"We need to inform the City Lord about this…uwak!" Right as one of them intended to make a report, a strong gust of wind sent them all flying into the pit. They slammed into Prana Bombs and lost all their Prana through the sheer number of Prana Bombs they made contact with.

"Ack!"

"No!"

As they struggled, a large number of Life Bombs piled upon them, causing them to shrivel up in response. They died from old age.

Standing a bit farther away from the pit was Inala, the cause of the sudden gust of wind. To avoid information about him leaking to his enemies, he silenced both the Centinger and the soldiers fighting it.

He was careful through the entire process, only targeting the group closer to the edge of the city, away from the eyes of the fighting parties.

And the one that lured in the Centinger was a puppet. It had a Prana Bomb filled with his Prana, which was what it released to lure in the Centinger. The artillery strike melted the puppet and its surroundings into a puddle.

Hiding farther away from the puppet was Inala, having created a pit trap along the Centinger's path. Right underneath the surface was a thick layer of wall created using his Prana Bombs. It was tough enough to withstand the Centinger's weight.

Since the surface was the ground, the Centinger didn't notice anything amiss. And once it was atop the pit, Inala caused the Prana Bomb wall to shatter. And once the Centinger died, he sneaked upon the soldiers and pushed them using a strong gust of wind that he exhaled.

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala opened his mouth and used his psychokinesis to make all the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs fly into his mouth. Once they arrived at the biome in his stomach, the two Empyrean Zingers there segregated them into those that were full and those partially filled with either Prana or Lifeforce.

"Bleh!" He then vomited out large quantities of soil. It was the soil from the pit he had dug. To avoid leaving any traces of his actions, the safest way was to store them in his biome. And now that his work was done, he covered the pit with soil.

Once he levelled it up to the surface, he dragged some of the rubble from nearby and piled it up. Unless someone was aware of the locations of every single rubble pile, they wouldn't be able to notice what Inala had done here.

And no one's Prana could penetrate such a thick layer of soil and make contact with the Centinger corpse. Prana didn't have such capabilities.

His Empyrean Zingers were working hard with the transportation. Hence, there was a large Prana requirement. Inala took it upon himself to gather the Prana necessary for their needs.

The Prana of a Centinger was very rich and would help the Empyrean Zingers better.

Returning to the shelter, Inala entered the tunnel and continued to dig, storing all the soil in his biome. He planned to vomit it out in the outskirts later.

An hour later, he entered the shelter, announcing with an air of authority, "If you wish to survive,"

"Follow me!"

A month since the battle started, Gudora had strained himself to the limit. Followed by a powerful roar, he condensed a crystal pillar and slammed it into the final Centinger, roaring in victory upon killing the latter, "It's…our victory!"

"Yeah!" The soldiers cheered. But exactly three seconds later, their cheers turned sorrowful once they looked around.

The survivors among the soldiers numbered fourteen and only two of them were at the Life Stage—Gudora and his youngest son.

Everyone else had died, including their reserve soldiers. And based on signs of life, only two shelters survived, adding to a total of sixteen thousand people.

From the original two hundred thousand plus people, they dropped down to sixteen thousand, a catastrophic outcome.

Gudora couldn't even take pride in victory, for they had nothing left now, damaged to the extreme. There was no hope for recovery.

3-Life Stage!

That was Gudora's current cultivation. He had been killed five times during the war. And if not for his high cultivation, he would already be part of the casualty report. His youngest son survived for the sole reason he stayed next to Gudora all along.

Even if he died, Gudora ensured his youngest son, the most talented of them all, could survive. At least, that way, they would have a future, since his youngest son had a long lifespan, in comparison to Gudora who was nearing the end of his natural lifespan.

'At least, we survived.' Gudora thought as he stared at the thirteen people beside him, 'They have all survived the worst disaster. This experience will transform them into pillars of the city in the future. And as long as we are careful, we'll be able to get the city back on track within a century.'

They still had sixteen thousand people. Bringing that number to a hundred thousand wasn't an issue. So, all wasn't lost yet. Gudora thought optimistically, but that all changed when a Prana Bomb slammed into his face, like a canon.



Chapter 206 Inala vs Gudora (Round Two)

"It's an attack…ack!" One of the surviving soldiers screamed when a Prana Bomb slammed into his face and splattered his head.

Standing a kilometre away was Inala, holding a dozen Sumatra Zingers. Through the Puppetry Skill, he controlled four of them and aimed at the survivors, launching Prana Bombs at terrifying speeds.

They were like cannon shots, brimming with terrifying power. After all, each Prana Bomb weighed two hundred kilograms. And when launched by a Sumatra Zinger, it couldn't be defended against, especially by the exhausted survivors.

When the Prana Bomb slammed into Gudora's face, his head splattered upon impact. He revived beside his corpse as his eyes seethed in hatred upon seeing the Prana Bomb, "INALA!!!!!"

He stared in the direction of the attack, noticing Inala's figure standing atop a pillar of bone. Even though rage clouded his vision, he still had enough sanity to make the right decision, "Take cover!"

The survivors rushed behind a pile of rubble and huddled together, gasping in exhaustion.

"D-Dad," His youngest son trembled in fear, saying, "We lost two of us."

Among the fourteen survivors, two died in Inala's attacks. He had launched four Prana Bombs in total, targeting Gudora, his youngest son, and two other soldiers.

Gudora dropped from the 3-Life Stage to the 2-Life Stage while his youngest son dropped from the 2-Life Stage to the 1-Life Stage. As the remaining two soldiers were only at the Body Stage, they didn't survive the attack.

"This bastard just had to return now!" Gudora grumbled in anger as his two Storage Lanterns reverted to their original size. He inserted his hand through their entrance and fished through their spaces, only finding a single bottle of medicine.

"The lot of you make a beeline to my mansion." Gudora commanded the survivors, staring at his son in all seriousness, "You know where the Parute Trees are. Go there and consume them. Once you recover, return to finish Inala."

"I'll do my best to hold him back until then." Saying so, he consumed the last bottle of medicine.

"Please don't do anything risky, Dad." Gudora's youngest son said in worry, "Inala's strong. And if he's aided by the Zingers, you'll die."

"Don't worry," Gudora spoke calmly, "He isn't accompanied by them. And even if any of them are lying in ambush, I'll exercise caution."

"Now, go!" He transferred ownership of the two Storage Lanterns to his son and shouted for them to flee, rushing out of the pile of rubble immediately in response.

Boom!

A floor behind him formed a crater when a Prana Bomb slammed into it. Gudora had barely evaded the attack as he began to run at top speed. He wasn't using his ability, since he had less than 100 Prana.

He saved it for emergencies. His son would soon return with a lot of Parute Fruits. Once he consumed them, he'd recover his Prana and would be able to deal with Inala. Even at the 2-Life Stage, he was strong.

Prana Bombs rushed at him with terrifying speeds. Gudora barely evaded them and traversed a roundabout path, cleverly using the piles of rubble to gradually close in on Inala.

In the meantime, when Inala's attention was on Gudora, the eleven survivors sneaked their way to the City Lord mansion, one that had been reduced to ruins completely.

"Would the Parute Trees survive such damage?" One of the survivors questioned Gudora's youngest son.

"They aren't on the surface." Saying so, Gudora's youngest son arrived at a discrete corner of the garden and activated his power, causing a portion of the ground to part way and reveal a flight of stairs heading underground. "Let's hurry!"

The group descended the flight of stairs that reached a depth of two hundred metres before leading into a large cave. Growing there, surrounded by luminescent moss were forty Parute Trees, Ellora City's source of wealth.

The Parute Fruits growing on it numbered in the thousands.

"Just stay here. You'll harm them without knowledge of harvesting Parute Fruits." Gudora's youngest son said and slowly approached the closest Parute Tree, "I have a Skill that allows me to sense the ripened fruits among these and carefully pluck them."

He stopped before the Parute Tree and extended his hand to a Parute Fruit, encasing a tiny blade at the tip of his index finger. With a mild touch, a bunch of Parute Fruits fell off as he used the other hand to catch them, throwing them to the survivors.

But right as he was about to harvest the second batch, four miniature Life Bombs slammed into him and knocked him out momentarily. But before he could recover, a few more Life Bombs latched onto his body, causing him to shrivel up in a matter of seconds.

"Kriek!" Letting out a faint screech, the Empyrean Zinger King walked out from a Parute Tree in its miniature form. Followed by a leap, it reverted to its original size and slammed into the exhausted soldiers.

Life Bombs revolved around it like satellites and targeted the soldiers while it used its robust body to claw them apart.

The battle lasted for less than two minutes before they were all killed. The Empyrean Zinger King calmly dragged their corpses through the flight of stairs and dumped them outside. It then stood guard at the entrance to the cave with the Parute Trees.

"Kuak!" It let out a loud shout in a frequency only audible to Empyrean Zingers, signalling the end of its mission.

'Good!' Inala smirked as he casually shot Prana Bombs at Gudora. The latter was gradually accustoming to the trajectories of his Prana Bombs, becoming better and better at avoiding them. He had been through a terrifying battle filled with dangerous projectiles, after all.

Therefore, his battle senses were honed to the extreme. Except for the sneak attack that caught him off guard right at the moment he relaxed after killing the final Centinger, no other Prana Bombs came close to touching him.

"But how long can you evade them?" Inala wasn't pressured in the slightest. He was simply using the twelve Sumatra Zingers to shoot Prana Bombs. And since he only shot when Gudora rushed out from behind a pile of rubble, the frequency of shots was less, barely once a minute.

That meant he had more than enough time to charge up the Sumatra Zingers. As for the Prana consumption, he wasn't worried in that regard. There were more than enough Prana Bombs—filled with Prana—in his biome.

Besides, he was just buying time, since there were two more shelters left. Two puppets piloted by Empyrean Zinger scouts were currently in the process of evacuating them to the Rooster Tribe settlement.

Inala had already evacuated three shelters, accounting for twenty-four thousand people. He didn't wish to lose out on the rest.

Standing atop the bone pillar that reached a height of twenty metres, Inala aimed at Gudora and continued to attack while the latter gradually closed in on him.

Soon, when the latter was within earshot, Inala shouted, "Gudora! Do you know who the forty thousand survivors of Ellora City consider their saviour?"



Chapter 207 Help!

The distance between Inala and Gudora continued to decrease. There was a decently large pile of rubble three hundred metres away from Inala.

Gudora rushed to it and gasped for air. This was the perfect distance for him to attack. At the 2-Life Stage, the maximum range for his Spirit Weapon was six hundred metres while the optimal range was four hundred metres.

Three hundred metres was well within his optimal range. Moreover, it was beyond Inala's Spirit Weapon range. After all, the maximum range for someone at the Body Stage was only one hundred eighty metres.

"Phew," Gudora calmed himself and condensed a cylindrical container with a tapered edge, almost resembling a bullet in shape. He used most of his Prana to fill it to the brim with crystal mist, infusing the power of a specific Skill in it, 'This will be strong enough to take him out through a sneak attack.'

By now, he had been appearing out of the piles of rubbles in fixed intervals, getting Inala used to the rhythm. And this time too, he planned to rush out at the same rhythm.

His son hadn't returned yet, but Gudora knew that his son was wise enough to make plans on his own and sneak attack Inala. Their stealthy actions were why even he had yet to notice their arrival.

'One shot is enough to kill him. His defences are weak.' Gudora thought and peeked out slightly, 'He isn't protected by those Zingers like the last time we fought. My attack speed is fast enough that it'll hit him before he can recall those Zingers from his surroundings, if he planted any there.'

What Gudora didn't know was the fact that he was wrong about two things. The first was about his son.

Since Inala had Hanya's skull, he knew the location of the cave with the Parute Trees. Hence, the Empyrean Zinger King drilled a way through in its miniature form and had been hiding behind a Parute Tree, ready with a bunch of Life Bombs given to it by Inala.

Hence, Gudora's youngest son died from the resulting sneak attack, something he never expected.

When one was absolutely confident in a place's privacy, they naturally let go of their guard. Sneak attacks worked the best exactly then.

Only the royalty knew the location of the cave with the Parute Trees, with the entrance leading to it opening only to them, as they were crystal doors—created using Haddlyok—acting as their Spirit Weapons. Therefore, Gudora's youngest son never assumed a third party could be here.

That was why he was killed in the ambush.

Secondly, when Gudora hid behind the pile of rubble three hundred metres from Inala, the latter escaped.

The bone pillar was hollow inside, sporting two channels. Right as Gudora hid behind the pile of rubble, two holes appeared on the top of the bone pillar.

From the front hole came out a realistic-looking puppet of Inala, piloted by two miniature Empyrean Zingers. The first worked in controlling the puppet body while the second controlled the Sumatra Zingers.

"Gudora! Do you know who the forty thousand survivors of Ellora City consider their saviour?" The second hole opened underneath Inala right after his shout. His body fell through the channel and appeared underground. Both the holes at the top closed as Inala used the Mystic Bone Art to fill up the insides of the tower, making it solid.

"Damn, this is deep." He muttered after landing on a protruding platform. It was only wide enough for him to stand upon. Right below the bone pillar was a massive pit, cylindrical in shape, spanning a diameter of twenty metres and reaching a depth of a hundred metres.

The walls were created using Prana Bombs, five centimetres thick. There was an entrance leading into a tunnel at the end of the platform where he stood. Inala walked into the tunnel and used Mystic Bone Art to transform the platform into a door that closed the tunnel entrance.

He then vomited out soil to fill up the tunnel as he ran deeper through it, soon jumping into a collapsed shelter. He used the tunnel dug there to make his way out of Ellora City.

In the meantime, Gudora rushed out of the pile of rubble in rhythm, evading the Prana Bombs that came his way. While he rushed out, he kept note of the cylinder left behind at his hiding spot.

He ran in a direction clockwise to puppet Inala, controlling his Spirt Weapon that flew counter-clockwise. Prana Bombs continued to target him since he didn't hide quickly and seemed intent on closing the distance even further.

"It's futile, Gudora. You're too exhausted to fight me." The puppet Inala continued to speak in his voice and attacked Gudora, "Why don't you surrender and…ack!"

Puppet Inala's words were cut short when the crystal cylinder slammed into him from behind. It shattered upon contact as the crystal mist covered puppet Inala. Suddenly, crystal spikes formed out of it and pierced through his body, causing blood to spurt out, "You…damn!"

"Huff…hahh!" Gudora gasped as he emitted Prana radially, detecting Inala's presence. His skin prickled at the stomach, allowing him to keep watch over the target. Slowly, the prickling sensation weakened. It was due to the target body losing Prana from blood loss.

Gudora waited patiently as he stood at a distance two hundred metres away from the bone pillar, observing blood drip out from Inala's body. He then climbed up on a nearby pile of rubble and scaled up the remaining height using a crystal pillar.

Standing at a height of twenty-two metres, he was able to clearly see Inala's body, also keeping watch through his detection means, muttering after a while, "If not for the pressing situation, I would have loved to make your life a living hell."

He confirmed the target's death. Only after the latter stopped bleeding did he approach the bone pillar, exercising utmost caution. There was no more blood in the body to bleed. Gudora even calculated the amount based on his observation, ensuring there was no way Inala played a trick.

He climbed the bone pillar and stared at Inala's corpse, snorting in response, "This fucker is dead."

But just in case, he crushed the head, watching brain matter spill in response. Carrying the corpse, he jumped down, intending to extract whatever value remained in it next.

Unfortunately for him, the moment his feet touched the ground, the floor caved in, causing him to fall. "Shit! He set up a trap!"

Gudora used the last of his Prana to condense a stick that elongated to the pit's width, allowing him to dangle from it. He stared up and observed that he had fallen close to a depth of forty metres from the surface, "Vicious bastard!"

Since he had expended all Prana, all he felt was a minor headache for a moment when the faint tinge of Prana remaining in his body was sucked out. After that, he was normal, looking around as he realised he had been trapped.

The walls of the pit were flat and he had used the last of his strength to create the crystal rod that was slowly sliding over the edges due to his weight. Every minute, he was sliding a couple metres deeper into the pit.

Without Prana, he had no means of escaping the pit. But, he didn't lose hope, staring at the corpse he held, 'My son will return soon.'

"Help!" Gudora's voice resounded from the pit.



Chapter 208 End Result is Annihilation, Either Way

The crystal rod Gudora created was through his last bit of strength. Hence, it wasn't powerful enough to shatter the Prana Bomb walls.

The moment they made contact, all the Prana in it was absorbed; hence, the crystal rod couldn't even dent the Prana Bomb walls. As a result, even though it was a perfect fit, spanning exactly the diameter of the pit, thanks to Gudora's weight, it was slowly slipping.

Friction alone wasn't enough to maintain the rod's depth.

Gudora was a smart man, and hence, the moment he realised the crystal rod was slipping deeper thanks to the excess weight, he let go of the corpse in his hand, watching it cause a loud splatter upon slamming into the floor of the pit, "Vicious bastard! He placed a trap that would shatter upon his death."

What he didn't know was the existence of two Empyrean Zingers. The first was located within the Inala puppet's stomach while the second was located within a dummy Sumatra Zinger.

The one within the stomach died from Gudora's sneak attack. But as the one within the dummy Sumatra Zinger was alive, it listened to him. Right as he landed on the ground, it used Mystic Bone Art to turn the floor brittle, causing it to collapse into the pit.

But since the pit was fully created using Prana Bombs, even it would be targeted, since Inala wasn't there to make it immune. Hence, to avoid any mishaps, it committed suicide.

After he let go of the corpse, Gudora noticed that the slipping had become slow, but hadn't stopped yet, "Dammit, what do I do?"

He had no more Prana available for use. Even if he were to combust his body's muscles to generate Prana, it would be consumed the moment anything he creates touches the pit walls.

As it wouldn't be strong enough to stab through the pit walls, all he would do was repeat the current situation.

Maybe if he were to combust his Lifeforce atop his muscles, he could generate just enough Prana to create a rod long enough to reach the top. He could then climb his way up. But doing so was risky.

After all, it meant he would die in a matter of days. Who will look after Ellora City after that? His son wasn't yet experienced enough to do so.

Had the oldest son been alive, Gudora wouldn't have been worried. As a City Lord successor, the oldest had been taught everything Gudora was aware of, especially secrets only his family had gathered.

But the youngest wouldn't know everything, which was a problem. Therefore, Gudora had to be alive for at least long enough to impart everything to his youngest.

He saved his trump card for the end and awaited his son to rescue him.

Thud! Thud! Boom!

Suddenly, rumbling sounds reverberated throughout Ellora City, alarming him. He then heard familiar cries, "W-What? Why are they here?"

The female Centingers had entered Ellora City. They couldn't be blamed though, since all the males they were keeping a watch over had bit the dust. Hence, they were angry.

As long as even a single male was alive, they wouldn't have cared and would remain a bystander. But since none survived, all the female Centingers keeping watch over Ellora City rushed over, vengeful.

Upon seeing that none was alive, human and Centinger, they roared in anger and took their wrath on the buildings, absolutely destroying everything. The city that was in ruins was reduced to flat ground.

'Son! Hide yourself well!' Gudora prayed upon realising what had happened. However, a moment later, he understood why his son hadn't arrived at his rescue yet, 'He's hiding in the Parute Tree farm. That place is deep enough and once the entrance is closed, the Centingers wouldn't be able to sense him.'

'Good!' He felt relieved, 'Once the Centingers leave, he will return to my rescue. Now, I must survive until then.'

He quickly looked around and observed the rubble that had fallen into the pit alongside him. The shattered bone pillar and the thin ground surface were part of the rubble.

Gudora hurriedly rearranged them, creating a small cave for him to hide within. From the outside, it looked no different to a pile of rubble. The entrance was placed at the side, facing the wall of the pit. And after crawling inside, Gudora stuffed the entrance with the puppet corpse.

This way, his existence wouldn't be detected.

Two minutes later, an angry female Centinger peered inside the pit, having sensed traces of battle here that were the most recent. It unleashed its Prana inside, frowning when it was absorbed by the wall.

It ignored the absorption and simply inserted more Prana, reaching the bottom. All that was registered in its detection senses were the pile of rubble and a corpse. It couldn't seep Prana through the corpse, as it was situated too close to the walls, causing the walls to absorb the Prana.

Moreover, the rubble seemed too dense and without gaps, also preventing its Prana from sensing anything below the surface.

The female Centinger wanted at least something to vent its anger on, so it stayed there for a few hours, unwilling to give up. It had released so much Prana that after some time, the walls of the pit simply stopped absorbing its Prana.

But even then, it failed to find anything. And since even the walls stopped absorbing Prana, the female Centinger lost interest in the place. For a last try, it scratched the walls towards the top and made some claw marks.

Dissatisfied, it left with the other Centingers. There wasn't even rubble left standing in Ellora City. No, it was simply a flat plain now, with everything that once stood there melted.

The melted stuff hardened after some time, forming a thick layer over the city's ground, forming a new surface. The only reason this stuff hadn't spilled into the pit was thanks to the Centinger that had camped there, hoping for something to be alive.

The Centingers left, forming footprints over the new surface, making their way toward the closest city. The females there were bound to make a fuss since they were adding to the competition in getting the males further excited, but it didn't matter in the end.

Only one male Centinger was going to mate with them all.

Originally, Ellora City would have only been wiped out during the second wave of attacks from the male Zingers that wished to get more points before the mating season ended. It would have survived for two more months.

But now, it was wiped out in advance. The other cities wouldn't even be able to survive for those two months, since more pressure would be added to the humans defending them.

An hour later, Gudora crawled out of the pile of rubble, shouting, "I'm…here!"

---------------

Author's Thoughts: Hello everyone, I have a request for you all. If possible, do recommend this novel to your friends, colleagues, and fellow webnovel readers. I'll be grateful if each of you can bring at least one reader.

Currently, I'm writing because of passion and hype (Which is the only reason I can write three chapters a day). I wish to one day become a full-time author. When that happens, I'll be able to release a second novel equally fun as this (with the same update rate of 3 chaps a day).

For that to happen, I hope more eyes are on this novel (It's doing well currently, but not enough for me to quit my day job). I request your support. Thank you!!!



Chapter 209 The Grain Deity

"Oh, they are all leaving!" Inala said and controlled the body of the Empyrean Zinger King in its miniature form as a Spirit Weapon and made it hover high up in the sky.

Through its exceptional sight and thanks to its altitude, it could see their figures from far away. And by reading its mind, he knew what was happening.

To avoid becoming the focus of the female Centingers, he had fled before in such a hurry. He was already informed of their march towards the city by two Empyrean Zinger scouts placed closer to the camping locations of the female Centingers.

As he hadn't heard from the scouts after their shrieks, he knew they had been destroyed by the female Centingers right after their locations were revealed. Even in miniature forms, as long as they were exposed to a Centinger's Prana, they would register in the latter's senses.

Escape was impossible, no matter their speed. Besides, the ones used in such dangerous missions were young Empyrean Zingers, barely a month or two old. So, they didn't have the strength to survive a confrontation.

Inala wanted to kill Gudora and obtain his skull before that, but he didn't intend to subject himself to needless risks. Gudora was still at the 2-Life Stage. Meaning, he had some contingency plans.

Even in the worst-case scenario, Gudora could eat his second body, replenish some Prana and escape. There was enough debris within the pit for him to avoid contact with the floor.

Inala was strong, but he dared not be arrogant and place himself in compromising situations. Moreover, thanks to his realistic Inala puppet, Gudora thought he had killed Inala. Which meant that his hatred was resolved. Therefore, his only thought would be to wait for his son.

Inala had no reason to change Gudora's thoughts. After all, the longer Gudora waited in that pit, the weaker he got. He wouldn't have sensed it, but there was a tinge of Life Bombs mixed into the pit walls.

The amount was so faint one wouldn't even feel pain. But their Lifeforce was definitely being consumed, albeit at a snail's pace, unnoticeable. As to how he knew? He tested it using an Empyrean Zinger.

Practical data trumped everything. And he had enough immune system to overcome all trial and error.

After some time passed, Inala approached Ellora City. He grabbed the Empyrean Zinger King in its miniature form and threw with all his strength, causing it to reach an altitude close to six hundred metres.

It glided at that height. And due to its size, even he had a hard time making it out. If not for the fact that he knew where he threw it and was actively looking for it, he wouldn't have been able to spot it.

The Empyrean Zinger King flew over the pit and observed that Gudora was alive. It circled and returned, informing Inala as it landed on his head.

'He's alive and well.' Inala nodded and observed the flat plains that Ellora City had been transformed into. To avoid the Slump Lizards from wandering into the pit and helping Gudora make his escape, Inala made a ring around the pit using a layer of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs.

The distance between the inner circle of the ring and the pit was six hundred metres, existing right outside Gudora's Spirit Weapon range. After all, this range was within which he could spread his Prana around.

It was best to be cautious against such an expert with a wealth of experience under his belt, 'Soon, that treasure trove of knowledge would be mine!'

Leaving behind a single Empyrean Zinger Scout to keep watch and ensure Gudora's suffering wasn't interrupted, Inala left the place, making a beeline to the Rooster Tribe Settlement.

People were still funnelling into the settlement, thanks to the efforts of the armoured puppets. Arriving at the peak of the walls, he looked around, noticing the Prana Bombs were functioning well by absorbing all traces of Prana emitted by the dense number of people within.

A trained cultivator could rein in all his Prana without emitting any. But an untrained individual would subconsciously emit Prana from time to time, depending on their emotional state.

And with such a large number of people, adding to the strained situation where they didn't know whether or not their city was safe, the Prana being emitted was very high.

These Prana Bombs absorbed the ambient Prana, ensuring nothing spread out. Of course, they didn't absorb all the Prana, just the ones that came into contact with them.

But since Prana couldn't permeate through solid objects, the walls of the settlement blocked everything. And the ones trying to move perpendicularly outside from the top were absorbed by the Prana Bombs.

Inala didn't bother with the Prana that moved vertically up, since there was no entity there. It was beyond the range of the Centingers.

Of course, if the Centingers were to unleash their Prana into the settlement, they might catch traces of Prana moving up in the air. It was why Empyrean Zingers remained sentry on the walls.

The moment any Centinger were to approach the place, they—the armoured puppets—were instructed to send the people into the tunnel with the railway line. There was the best place to avoid detection.

Thankfully, it hadn't happened until now. As long as Inala remains attentive once the mating season ends—when the male Centingers that weren't the top scorer desperately scoured through the entire hunting grounds searching for prey—the people he had rescued would survive.

Once all the refugees enter the settlement, the number of people within would amount to forty thousand. That was the limit to Inala's plans. He didn't intend to bring in people from other areas.

First of all, it was risky. Second, with too many people, it would be hard to hide them all. Third, the area within the settlement wasn't enough for so many people.

Currently, there were food grains gathered by the Rooster Tribesmen in the settlement. Inala had also raided one of Ellora City's granaries, storing them in his biome. He intended to transport it later.

That was enough for the refugees to survive until the mating season ended in two months. With that thought in mind, he leapt from the top of the settlement walls and gently landed on the ground, falling no different from a fluttering leaf, surprising the refugees.

To them, he seemed no different from a Deity that had landed from the sky. If his landing didn't impress them, his subsequent action did.

"Phew!" Inala blew gently as a torrent of grains poured out of his mouth like a waterfall and made a large pile on the ground, stunning the people who had never seen anything like it.

To the ignorant masses who had lost all support and were feeling helpless, he became their spiritual pillar, instantly being referred to as the Grain Deity.



Chapter 210 Lord of Shitting Bulls

"He's a God!"

"The Deity of Grains!" The people muttered as they stared at him, naturally drawn to him, despite not seeing his visage.

Looking at their shabby appearances, Inala proclaimed, aloud, "The Ganrimb Kingdom has fallen."

"What?"

"How?"

"That makes no sense!"

"Impossible!"

"Does anyone want proof?" Inala asked calmly as he looked around and eyed the people, "I don't mind bringing you over to witness. Those that are brave enough, step forward."

"I can't believe you." One of the people stepped forward. His appearance was the least haggard among the refugees. His clothes too were the most luxurious. He was the scion of a powerful family within Ellora City, with his father at the 3-Life Stage.

His family produced multiple experts in all fields, existing since the beginning of Ellora City. Hence, his words did have some credibility, even though he was just thirteen years old. With Prana reaching fifty at such a young age, he was pretty talented.

"Sure, I'll bring you to Ellora City to look around." Inala nodded casually and looked around, "Anyone else?"

Everyone else hesitated. Of course, if Inala waited for some more time, two or three more might step up. But he didn't want that, as it was more effective with a single person. So, after ten seconds, said, "Just one, then."

"Come with me, kid." His voice and body language oozed authority as he picked up the boy and placed him over his shoulder, "Hold "Just one, then."

"Come with me, kid." His voice and body language oozed authority tight!"

"W-Wait…uwahh!" The kid shouted as Inala's figure flickered and made long leaps, with each covering around ten to fifteen metres. He scaled up the walls by running along the vertical surface, shocking the people who gawked at his speed.

The armour was made using Prana Bombs. So, every time he set foot on the wall, he made the foot surface of the armour stick to the wall, as a result latching onto it like a gecko. Besides, with Internal Inertial Gravity, he wasn't affected by the gravity acting on his upper body like a lever.

As a result, he could scale up the wall by running over it, a feat impossible for other Free Humans. Since he was running on the surface, many Slump Lizards detected him and unleashed their Primary Nature on him.

But, to avoid destroying his imposing presence, Inala exercised Internal Inertial Gravity to full.

When the ability activated on him and caused him to fall, he used his Secondary Nature to maintain balance like a gyroscope. His body bent alarmingly, almost touching the ground, but his feet remained planted firmly on the ground.

His hand slammed into the ground and used the force to bounce back up, calmly treating the attack as an excuse to do a push-up once. Not for a moment did his speed reduce. Of course, this was grandly inefficient, since he used five Prana for that one stunt.

Falling on the ground would have consumed less Prana. As long as he reduced his body's gravity to the minimum, the fall would hardly have any impact due to the lack of weight. He would barely sustain any damage.

Inala had fallen enough times to get the hang of it by now, able to habitually ensure he wasn't in the least injured by it. But as that wasn't imposing enough for his current image, he took on such a wasteful approach.

The kid on his shoulders gawked at the scene. His parents had brought him to the walls of Ellora City during the night and made him witness their defensive battle against the Slump Lizards. Many soldiers kissed the floors hard and sustained repeated injuries.

Even his father wasn't immune to that ability, as the greater the number of Slump Lizards that stacked the ability on the target, the greater its potency, capable of affecting even someone at the Life Stage.

But not once did Inala touch the ground, a feat he never thought was attainable. 'Even the City Lord is not capable of this. W-Who is this person?'

After two hours, they arrived at the edge of Ellora City. Inala placed the boy on the ground, "We're here."

"This…are you sure…" The boy felt disbelief. But he could still see the familiar route that led to Ellora City, the same surrounding forest and terrain.

A thick slab of a mysterious material, reaching a couple metres in height was all that existed in the place of Ellora City, covering the city's area. He slumped on the floor, tearing up in despair, "No…this isn't happening!"

"This is impossible!"

"How? How can this be happening? My parents said they would emerge victorious!"

The kid then stared at Inala, "Why didn't you protect them?"

"Didn't I?" Inala said and pointed at the kid, "Forty thousand of you are alive. That's thanks to me. Had you remained behind, you would have been annihilated too."

His emotionless tone caused the boy to cry harder. The boy fell unconscious from the emotional shock as Inala carried him back to the Rooster Tribe settlement.

"H-How is it?" A hopeful refugee asked right after Inala arrived.

"Ask him yourself," Saying so, Inala dropped the kid and calmly walked to the side, leaning on a rock to remain still.

"Boy! Get up!" A middle-aged woman woke up the kid and asked in a hurry, "Tell me we won, okay? Did we? Is everyone safe?"

"…" The boy stared in a daze once he woke up before breaking into a crying fit, shouting, "There was nothing there!"

"Ellora City was wiped off clean. Not even a building stands there now!" His cries alarmed the people. And the more he explained what he saw, the more they despaired.

The emotional shock for the families that had a soldier was many times worse, as they mentally collapsed. Some rushed towards Inala and fell at his feet, "M-My family! Please save them!"

"My son is a filial child who strived to protect justice. H-He can't die like this!"

"My daughter wanted to be a singer when she grew up. But she was drafted as part of the reserve force."

"Please, save them! Please!" The number of people requesting his help increased. Thankfully for Inala, he covered his face, because it would be a lie to say he wasn't affected by their emotions.

He became emotional too, but controlled himself. Rather, he didn't express anything, hence hiding the fact that he was teary-eyed. In the end, he spoke after the trembling in his voice had subsided, having calmed down enough, "I cannot revive the dead."

"I'm not from your Kingdom. But in the past, your City Lord saved my child. I owe him a favour." His booming words reached the ears of every refugee, "I saved as many as I could to repay what I owed him."

"B-But, you are powerful!" Someone from the crowd said, "If you joined forces with the soldiers…"

"Nothing would have changed." Inala said, "I could kill one Gold Grade Pranic Beast, but not twelve, especially ones that had mutated."

"Millingers," He said, "No human civilisation could withstand twelve of them."



