Chapter 321 Second Activation of Daily Checkpoint

Running across the surface of the Dralh Sea was the Brangara Puppet. Stored in the place of its heart, emanating a very mild presence similar to the Boar King was a Prana Bomb. It was already running low, since it was very tough to refine Prana to the level where it could mimic the Boar King's quality and presence.

They had a small reserve in the first place and had been distributed among the three puppets meant to distract the Boar King. The first puppet had already been destroyed at the desert island. The one running was the second puppet.

The third puppet was currently hidden within a large boulder on Fral Island. After the second puppet dies, it would come out and start fleeing once the Boar King senses its presence.

All three puppets were human versions of Brangara. The Empyrean Boar King form puppet was tucked away safely in Inala's biome, meant to be used later. Not only was it massive, requiring a lot of resources, but to ensure its massive body emitted the Boar King's presence uniformly, a large quantity of the Boar King's Prana had to be refined, which would take time.

The Brangara puppet was fully encased by Internal Inertial Gravity unleashed by the combined effect of the dozen Empyrean Zingers situated in its lungs. Thanks to this, they were able to run on water without sinking.

They were able to sense the Boar King getting closer, feeling pressured as it was getting more and more difficult to make use of their Secondary Nature. But since the Boar King was being held back by the Empyrean Snappers, he couldn't chase after the Brangara puppet at his top speed.

As a result, the distance between the two reduced slowly. Hours passed in response as the Brangara puppet continued to run at top speed. The Empyrean Zingers within its lungs took turns to control the puppet, constantly maintaining its run.

"Found you!" The Brangara puppet trembled in response as a voracious presence slammed into it from a dozen kilometres away.

The Boar King had arrived!

[Do as planned.]

The Empyrean Zingers communicated with each other as they expended all their Prana to suck in large amounts of air into their lungs after turning them into biomes.

"Took you long enough, big brother." The Brangara puppet flashed a smile and stared in the direction of the Boar King, "I was almost bored to death."

"Stay there and I'll make things interesting for you." The Boar King snapped back in response, unleashing his detection abilities through a shockwave to frown in response, 'What the fuck is wrong with him? That's a fucking waste! Seriously! Goddamn!'

He was losing his mind, sensing eight Internal Inertial Gravity being activated by the familiar figure. He could sense it when eight distinct Prana clusters combined into a powerful gust of air gushing out of the familiar figure's mouth.

'The effect is barely superior to activating one Internal Inertial Gravity! Fuck! That's eight Empyrean Tusk Primary Natures! He's wasting them like this?' The Boar King wanted to smack this idiot to his senses.

It was impossible to properly stack Natures without the help of Astral Chart. When an Empyrean Boar activates the Natures stored in it, the process is akin to breaking the walls of a dam, with the water in it being the Natures.

As the dam walls shatter, water floods out. Similarly, the Natures in an Empyrean Boar flood out in response when it activates them. It was impossible for it to delicately control these Natures as the Boar King does.

That was only possible due to his Secondary Nature of Astral Chart, the prime reason he was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Hence, the Boar King knew that the familiar figure couldn't make use of multiple Internal Inertial Gravity at the same time.

The latter was simply wasting them to flee, 'This is pissing me off!'

The Boar King almost activated an Internal Inertial Gravity to capture the familiar figure faster. But a moment's consideration later, he controlled himself, unwilling to waste such a powerful Nature for anything other than destroying the Mammoth Clan.

A few minutes later, he grabbed the familiar figure and threw him towards a nearby island, grabbing his neck upon lending nearby to ask, "Tell me everything that happened on the other continent."

"Why did you eat our brethren? And how come you possess so many Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity?"

"Are you that curious, big brother?" The familiar figure laughed, "Just consider it as if the Mammoth Clan messed up big time and offended that continent's Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Rest is history. I simply fished through troubled waters and gained a lot of benefits."

"But," The familiar figure grinned, "Did you know that it has been a day since we last saw each other?"

"You…" The Boar King's eyes widened in realisation as he saw the familiar figure shrink into a grain, "How is this possible?"

The Boar King was confused, 'If he used Voracious Nature to steal the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power, then it should have vanished when he used it before. But how? How is he able to use it again?'

"Did he somehow figure out a method to turn it into his Nature?" The Boar King frowned in distaste, "Is that even possible?"

The Empyrean Tentacle race was called the blessed race of Sumatra. This wasn't without reason. Therefore, even he, the Boar King, could only take measures to prevent the birth of another Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

That was why he devoured an Iron Empyrean Tentacle and preserved its Primary Nature. As long as he had it, there was no hope for the birth of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

But strangely, the familiar figure used the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature—Daily Checkpoint—twice. That shouldn't have been possible unless he possessed the Nature as his own.

"He's here!"

"Don't let him escape!"

"Corner him!"

The shouts of Cooter Clansmen resounded as a thunderstorm approached the island he was on, irritating the Boar King who shouted in response, "I'm thinking here, dammit! Be quiet for a freaking second, you bald heads!"

"We'll exact revenge for Wittral!" Geugeu roared in anger while shedding tears as he condensed a powerful bolt of lightning and rained it down on the Boar King. Each of his attacks was on a whole other level.

Even the Boar King couldn't treat them casually. After all, he would truly be injured by them and if he tanked enough of them without any defensive abilities, he would die.

Geugeu wasn't one of the top experts of Sumatra Continent for no reason.

It was why the Boar King actively avoided him, for he would be forced to use a stronger Nature if he decided to confront a maniacal Geugeu.

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

The Boar King activated the Rockatrice's Primary Nature and erected a stone hill, watching the bolts of lightning slam into it and destroy it. But the lightning was used up in response, allowing the Boar King to avoid coming into contact with it.

He erected a bunch more rock hills and snapped his finger, causing them to release an intimidating wave of Prana. Combined with his twelve-stack Prana Shock, the effect became a radial wave of oppressiveness.

"Keuk!" The Settlement Leaders were unable to move as the waves rapidly slammed into their bodies and caused them to grow weak. Their Prana was unable to circulate in their bodies and even when they activated their Natures, the potency was barely a tenth of the original.

Guaaa!

The Empyrean Snappers screamed in response as even they were affected. Taking a breather upon seeing their plight, the Boar King stared at the grain in his palm and seeped his Prana into it, "Let me see how long you can continue fleeing."

"You can't use Daily Checkpoint more than once a day. So, before it becomes active, I'll find you."



Chapter 322 Have I Seen You Before?

The sole indicator of whether or not the Boar King caught up to a Brangara puppet was his movements. It was already planned beforehand that when the second Brangara puppet gets caught, it'll speak for exactly twenty-eight seconds before committing suicide.

Therefore, if the Boar King were to stop moving for that duration, it would be an indicator of the second Brangara puppet's death.

Since the Empyrean Zingers had the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, they could always locate the Boar King's position through fear. And now, they were taking advantage of the exact same fear to time their actions.

The only time the Boar King stopped for twenty-eight seconds was when he faced the second Brangara puppet. Hence, immediately after that, a boulder on Fral Island shattered to reveal the third Brangara puppet.

It leaped onto the Dralh Sea and ran in the direction of the Guna Caves, intending to lead the Boar King towards this three-dimensional shifting maze, hoping to buy as much time as possible.

In the meantime, Inala was sweating buckets, stressed to the limit, hard-pressed for time. Veins popped on his forehead as he tried his best to increase his operation speed, controlling four Spirit Containers to their limit.

Through his Secondary Nature, he felt the Boar King head in the direction of the Guna Caves, soon able to hear faint rumbling sounds generated by the Empyrean Snappers hot on his trail. As the Empyrean Snappers moved, the size of the thunderstorm they condensed around them continued to increase, becoming more and more terrifying, akin to a cataclysm.

Unlike Empyrean Tusks that were explosive in nature while attacking, Empyrean Snappers were accumulative during fights. The longer they fight, the stronger they get, able to terraform the terrain into a form suitable for them, target their opponent in waves, and gradually wear them down.

Their clash was thunderous enough for the shockwaves to reach all the way to Inala, at the deep corner of the mine on Leh Island.

'Time is running out.' Inala wiped his sweat and asked a nearby Empyrean Zinger, "How many have we accumulated?"

[18,671]

"Good, good." Inala nodded and continued to extract Wittral's Spirit Containers. He wasn't sure how many of Wittral's Spirit Containers were needed for Gannala to reach the necessary accumulation. Hence, he would have to gather more Free Human Spirit Containers in the future.

'For the time being, this is the limit.' He sighed and nervously executed the process, soon extracting the last Spirit Container from Wittral.

"Now to stabilise my biome," Inala grabbed his Sumatra Lantern and expanded it to its original size. Following that, he swallowed all its contents and stored them in his biome.

He then activated Mystic Bone Art and gradually turned the Sumatra Lantern into a semi-molten state, making it soft enough for its body to be moulded but not to the extent the Mudropper's power in it would collapse and cause the Sumatra Gold to separate itself from the bones—his bones—forming the lantern.

Stage 1—Jaw!

"Aah!" He gagged while swallowing the Sumatra Lantern, bit by bit after making it resemble a thick noddle. As it was in its original size, there was no compressed space within it. Therefore, putting it into his biome wouldn't be an issue.

Had his body been as massive as an Empyrean Tusk, swallowing it wouldn't have been an issue. Plenty of Storage Lanterns were kept in an Empyrean Tusk's body in their original size without issues.

Of course, if it was just to store in his biome, Inala wouldn't have risked damaging his Sumatra Lantern. He could simply bury it at a spot deep underground and retrieve it in the future.

Until now, he had been accumulating for Gannala's growth. His current actions were towards his own growth as he finished swallowing the Sumara Lantern.

Once it appeared in his biome, it landed on his stomach walls and began to spread on it like butter, forming a layer. It gradually expanded throughout his biome like a sponge, retaining its powers. The space within had already vanished once its form was destabilised.

Inala was currently using it to stabilise the biome in his stomach. After all, the body of the Sumatra Lantern was made out of his bones. So technically, it could be considered his body.

Hence in extension, Inala wanted to attach the Sumatra Lantern to his stomach and transform it into stomach walls, thereby making use of the power of the Sumatra Gold to stabilise his biome.

Multiple pieces of bone fell into the expanding sponge-like body of the Sumatra Lantern and merged into it, little by little, gradually causing the effects of the Sumatra Gold to seep into them too. Like an expansive cave, Inala extended it until it became a network of beams and pillars running across his entire biome.

The Empyrean Zingers in his stomach took action immediately and splashed the Prana-rich fluids of Prana Bombs onto this network, causing it to stabilise and merge into his stomach walls.

Immediately in response, Inala felt the strain on his mind ease up a little. The Sumatra Gold was making things easier for him, allowing him to continue maintaining his stomach biome following what he was about to do next.

Following the Sumatra Lantern was the Sumatra Ship, and finally, even his Sumatra Canon was similarly fused into his stomach. Now, his stomach biome was robustly stable and didn't even strain his body and mind.

"That should do," Inala nodded, exhaling in relief, "I'll be able to endure this now."

He began cleaning up the place, sending everything to his stomach biome which was pretty massive now, thanks to the effects of the three pieces of Sumatra Gold. Once the tunnel was wiped clean of his traces, Inala rolled around a Prana Bomb on the cave walls, absorbing any traces of Prana that had seeped into them.

The three items using Sumatra Gold were in his stomach biome now. That only left the six Sandy-Grey Bombs, which were transported by an Empyrean Zinger Scout to the bottom of a mine shaft that was narrow enough for only its miniature form to pass through.

Arriving at depths far beyond reach, it dug a hole and buried the Sandy-Grey Bombs there. Following that, it blocked the shaft with a layer of soil and committed suicide, erasing all traces of itself in the process. Now, even the Boar King's senses would fail to detect the Sandy-Grey Bombs.

'He should be waking up shortly now.' Inala thought as he stared at Wittral who was now free, removed from the Prana Bomb coffin and the drugs that kept him unconscious.

He created a tiny altar using the soil from the cave, clumping it together into a structure no stronger than a sand castle. There were two stone cups at its top, in the former of which he poured a fluid that emanated a dense presence of Wittral. In the second cup was the familiar figure's presence.

Following that, he placed a Bone Slip before the two cups, exhaling softly as he stared at himself, controlling his trembling hands, "I might never recover from this if I mess up."

He swallowed all the Empyrean Zingers except the Empyrean Zinger King. Inala transformed into a woman and used his sharp claws to make an incision on his chest. He seeped Prana into his heart and took in a deep breath, "Take care of everything."

[We'll be waiting for your successful return, Inala!]

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Harvest!

"Gah!" He shouted suddenly as strength left his body, feeling as if he had been cut off from all his senses. He was no longer able to sense his stomach biome, for there was no longer any Prana circulating through his bloodstream.

Had he done this before, his biome would have exploded, unable to be maintained without Prana circulation. It was why he used three Sumatra Gold pieces to stabilise it. Now, the stomach biome acted like an independent entity, able to sustain itself as long as there was enough Prana in it to keep the space bent.

The Empyrean Zingers would take care of that and pour the fluids of Prana Bombs into the stomach walls at regular intervals.

The Empyrean Zinger King grabbed Inala's Spirit Container and safely stored it in a Lifeforce-rich Life Bomb. It then poured some of the same fluid into Inala's incision, waiting until his injury healed.

Following that, it tied up both Inala and Wittral and crawled into Inala's mouth, causing him to choke in response and cough intermittently. Albeit with some difficulty, it managed to pass through his throat and arrive at safety in his stomach biome.

'That was terrible!' Inala gasped for breath as his eyes shot to the side, inspecting the cave, for a moment nodding in relief at the fact that he hadn't committed any mistakes. He then closed his eyes to inhale a deep breath. But then, when his eyes shot open, he got a jump scare, staring at the figure that had appeared before him without his notice.

"What are you thinking?" The Boar King stared at the face of Inala in closeup, sporting a mild frown, "Have I seen you somewhere before?"



Chapter 323 The Man That Boned Your Ass Twice

"Man, you're getting annoying now." The Boar King said as he grabbed hold of the familiar figure at the entrance to Guna Caves, "Did you seriously plan to throw me into this place?"

"That was my plan, but it seems to have failed," The familiar figure smiled wryly, "Thankfully, I bought enough time once again…"

"Are you screwing with me?" The Boar King snorted and flicked the latter's forehead, "It has only been eighteen hours since then. Your Daily Checkpoint shouldn't be back up yet."

"As expected of you, big brother. You know your stuff. But," The familiar figure laughed as his eyes turned dull all of a sudden, "What makes you think this is my actual body?"

"I have been saying this from the start. This is merely a clone."

"What the fuck…" The Boar King cursed in response to see the familiar figure become a speck of grain once again. He was damn irritated now, growling in anger.

"This should be enough." The Boar King stared at the three specks of grains he had collected, with each weighing around eighty to ninety kilograms. Prana surged into it as he unleashed multiple waves of Prana Shock.

The three specks of grains began to spin on his palm before soon, there was an intense prickling sensation on his index finger, pointing him in a certain direction.

Boom! Kaboom!

A thunderstorm was approaching him; the Boar King clicked his tongue in irritation, "They are relentless."

He kicked the ground and leaped into the Dralh Sea, beginning to swim at his top speed to quickly reach Leh Island, where the source of the presence reacting to his ability was.

…

"Have I seen you somewhere before?" The Boar King asked, feeling that the woman before him seemed a bit familiar, 'I haven't been here in ages. It doesn't seem likely I know someone this young.'

He observed the three specks of dust in his possession, watching them point at the woman, 'That bastard is a woman?'

Actually, no matter how much Inala refined a different Prana signature, they could still be traced back to their roots. He wasn't sure if it was possible, but the Boar King had a plethora of abilities. Therefore, he took action with that thought in mind. And it seemed he was right on the money.

The Boar King actually figured out that the three Brangara puppets were Inala. It was why he managed to detect Inala's presence and arrived at Leh Island.

The two cups on the altar before Inala were his preparation in case the Boar King couldn't find Inala. There was one more preparation laid down on the shore of Leh Island. Preparing for as many variables increased the guarantee of success.

Thankfully, the Boar King's actions aligned with Inala's first method.

"P-Please spare me," Inala trembled in fear, stammering incoherently, "I…I don't know anything beyond what I told you about the Mudropper. W-Why have you kept me bound? I did everything you asked me to."

"Mudropper? You did everything I asked you to?" The Boar King tilted his head for a moment before realising what was up, 'This isn't the Empyrean Boar I was chasing.'

He stared at the altar of mud and focused on the two cups there. The first cup radiated an Empyrean Snapper's presence. The Boar King observed the bound figure of Wittral and understood what was happening, 'So, this is the one the Cooter Clan is searching for. His presence is slowly radiating out of this cup. It's not much, but since the Empyrean Snappers are right behind me, they would have sensed it by now.'

His attention then fell on the second cup, sensing the familiar figure's presence from it, 'Was this meant to lure me here?'

He observed it and diverted his gaze to Inala, "Tell me the truth. Why am I sensing your Prana signature from this?"

"I…made it," Inala screeched in despair, "Y-You told me to make it. Please, spare me. I can't put up with it anymore! I only wish to live!"

"Shut up for a second." The Boar King unleashed a tinge of his presence and observed the woman fall unconscious in response. He frowned and touched her, placing his index finger under her nostrils, 'There's a very faint trace of her presence from her exhales.'

He placed his hand on Inala's chest and seeped his Prana inside, failing to sense a Spirit Container, 'Her Spirit Container has been stolen.'

He let go of Inala and focused on Wittral, 'His Spirit Container too has been stolen.'

The Boar King finally focused on the Bone Slip placed next to the two cups. He accessed it and heard the familiar annoying voice in his mind.

[Do you love being fooled so much? Man, you're something else.]

'This fucker!' The Boar King felt a headache. But since he had too many questions, he decided to finish accessing all the information in the Bone Slip first before planning his next action.

[I told you twice that the one you're chasing is merely a clone. Why would I waste a Daily Checkpoint when my life isn't at risk? I'm not at the Dralh Sea anymore. Anyway, I feel bad taking advantage of you like this, so I'll explain myself…well, truth be told, you'll feel more like a fool when you hear this, haha! I merely want to make you experience being a fool.]

"This guy loves to talk." The Boar King commented and calmed his riling emotions, unwilling to be led on by a pipsqueak from his race.

[If you haven't figured it out already, the captive man before you is the Cooter Clan's first Empyrean Snapper born without defects. He's basically their hope for a brighter future. I captured him because his Spirit Container is very useful for my purpose.]

'I knew that already.' The Boar King clicked his tongue in annoyance, wondering when the familiar figure would get to the point.

[The woman is called Amita Brimgan. I found her in the Sanrey Plains when I came searching for the Mudropper. I was surprised to see a Free Human revering a Pranic Beast, especially the Mudropper. I don't know what all the Mudropper taught her, but it created a cultivation technique for her, using which she can steal and store various Prana in her body. It's similar to the Zingers but slightly more advanced, at the Silver Grade.]

The Boar King eyed Inala and the cup with the familiar figure's presence, alternating between the two as he basically figured out what had happened. The convo next basically confirmed his thoughts.

[I forced her to absorb my Prana and used her abilities to build the clones that confronted you. That's why they were batshit weak. If you were wondering if I wasted Internal Inertial Gravity to flee from you, knock some sense into your head. Why would I do something as wasteful as that? My Prana was simply emulating their effect. None of my clones has enough energy to continue functioning for more than a day.]

[Anyway, coming to the main point that I wanted to address. I'm on the verge of figuring out a concrete path to the Mystic Grade. The Spirit Containers of the two people before you, the Mudropper, and a bunch of creatures are necessary for that. I'm not strong enough to face the repercussions of my actions, so I'm shifting the blame to you. No one else on Sumatra has the balls to do what I do without being the Boar King. So everyone will accept you as the culprit.]

[By the way, the one that boned your ass in the Sanrey Plains was me. And now, let's see how you'll face the Cooter Clan. Whether you kill Wittral or return him to the Cooter Clan is up to you. Hopefully, I have bought enough time for them to catch up to you. Anyway, happy headaches!]

"Haaah!" The Boar King exhaled, absolutely irritated as he observed the layer of earth above him move up suddenly, following which, the heads of twenty-plus Empyrean Snappers peeked in. They had lifted the entire island to peek in and glare at the Boar King.



Chapter 324 I Am Loot

"Weave a network of lies so intricately connected to each other that even the creator will accept them as the truth" –Master of Bullshit, Sir Inala.

'A perfect Empyrean Snapper, a Mudropper, a Free Human with a Human Avatar mimicking a Zinger, the Spirit Containers of all three have been stolen.' The Boar King analysed, 'Does he want to collect the Spirit Containers of every special existence?'

When he arrived at the Sanrey Plains, drawn by baby Gannala's voice, and entered a cave, some of his Prana and Lifeforce were absorbed. The Boar King failed to find the source of the trap anywhere in the region.

Now that he thought about it, his Prana and Lifeforce absorbed back then were synthesised into the clones he faced now, which was how he was fooled and dragged around all over the Dralh Sea. The Boar King stared at the figure of Inala, 'Has this woman served her purpose then? Is that why she has been abandoned? Has he figured out a method to recreate her ability?'

The Boar King had a lot of questions. But first, he had to confirm something. Ignoring the Empyrean Snapper heads that peeked into the mine, he calmly approached Wittral. Upon seeing that he was alive, the Empyrean Snappers became stunned.

They couldn't attack now, in fear they might harm Wittral. Moreover, the Boar King was right next to Wittral. By the time their attack reaches him, he would have killed Wittral. Moreover, none of their attacks were strong enough to kill the Boar King in one hit.

Hence, it became similar to a hostage situation as the massive heads of the Empyrean Snappers peeked in through the massive hole that had been opened on Leh Island.

"What…happened? Did we win…" Wittral woke up when the Boar King shook him awake. He was stunned, blinking in confusion at the scene of Empyrean Snappers staring at him nervously while an arrogant man stood before him. A glance and countless memories buried deep in his mind, part of his inheritance stirred up in response, causing him to shout, "B-Boar King!"

"I just have a question to ask you," Saying so, the Boar King pointed at Inala, "What's her Primary Nature?"

"I…don't know," Wittral gulped in nervousness as he spoke honestly, "All I know is that she can absorb the Prana of anyone she comes into contact with. She's hiding part of her abilities, but…"

He frowned, confused as he stared at Inala, "Didn't you swallow her before? How is she alive?"

"Explain," The Boar King stared at Wittral, "Tell me everything you know."

"Y-Yes," Wittral eyed the helpless expressions of the Empyrean Snappers as he began to speak, "It started when we left Fral Island on our ship."

He went on to explain the appearance of the Sandy-Grey Void, the insane fight they had with the Pranic Beasts, and the arrival of the Boar King towards the climax. "The last I remember is killing the Clumped Fingers before I lost consciousness."

"I see," The Boar King nodded, his expression dead serious, 'He has the Mudropper's Primary Nature. That explains the appearance of the Sandy-Grey Void. So, the desert island I was lured towards was the result after the Sandy-Grey Void lost its effect.'

'The fact that he used such an important Primary Nature in such a nonserious situation is terrifying.' He concluded, 'It means he has figured out a means to retain various Natures in his body even after using them. Has he managed to evolve Voracious Nature?'

"Anything else you know about her?" The Boar King asked Wittral.

"Only that she came from the Brimgan Empire," Wittral said.

"Does the name Amita Brimgan ring a bell?" The Boar King asked next.

"No," Wittral shook his head.

The Boar King pocketed the two cups and the Bone Slip on the altar of mud, turned around, and began to walk away. Midway, he stared at the Empyrean Snappers, "Do you still want to fight me?"

"No, please allow us to escort you out," Geugeu said in a hurry, flickering beside Wittral the moment there was a window of opportunity. Only then could he relax, since he was there to protect Wittral now.

"You can accompany me if you want to die." The Boar King snapped in irritation and walked out. But a moment later, he approached Inala and slapped him awake, asking, "The guy that captured you…what did he call himself?"

"W-Weren't you the one that captured me?" Inala placed a hand on his reddened cheek, staring in disbelief. Though upon seeing the Boar King raise a hand, about to give another slap, he shouted in a hurry, "Loot!"

"He called himself Loot!"

"Loot," The Boar King nodded and walked away, soon leaving Leh Island as he jumped into the Dralh Sea and began to swim away, 'Loot, huh? He's a scheming bastard alright? He even used Gannala's baby voice to lure me into his plans, knowing very well my obsession towards her.'

"Wait a second!" The Boar King was shocked upon realisation, "If he used her voice to lure me in both the situations, then…"

He took out the Bone Slip and looked into it once again, failing to find anything else. He then observed it in detail, only now noticing a tiny indentation to the side. When he poked it with his finger, a needle made out of bone popped.

It was a stealthily hidden Bone Slip. And when the Boar King accessed it, the familiar figure's annoying voice resounded.

[I wanted to reveal this hidden piece to you in the future and enjoy your crumbling expression. Unfortunately, you found it prematurely. Anyway, you're probably wondering where I got Gannala's baby voice. Well, that's a no-brainer.]

It felt like the entity he had been searching for all his life was snatched away by a stupid monkey in the end. The Boar King's mood became foul as he heard the subsequent sentence.

[It was a stroke of fortune, to be honest. I came in search of the Mudropper when I stumbled upon the Supreme Tusk's successor. I would be an idiot to miss this opportunity. So, I took it. I mean, you can't blame me, you know? Though she might only be a regular Empyrean Tusk, she's the Supreme Tusk's successor. She had a lot of valuable stuff with her. I came to know more about you and have been able to improve my chances of reaching the Mystic Grade through her.]

[Therefore, I thank you, big brother. You're the best!]

"Bastard!" Prana billowed out of the Boar King, causing large ripples to form on the sea and result in fierce tides.

The group of Empyrean Snappers surrounding Leh Island became afraid in response to his voracious emission of presence, getting on full alert. Many of them resigned themselves to a fate of death, only to see the Boar King…leave.

"That was…terrifying." Geugeu patted his racing chest and calmed down. He then inspected Wittral, "Are you alright?"

"You're not injured or anything, right?"

"I'm…not sure." Wittral muttered, confused, "For some reason, I can't feel any Prana."

"Come again?" Geugeu stared at him in disbelief, laughing nervously as he assumed his ears were playing tricks on him due to old age. His hands trembled as he grabbed Wittral and asked, his voice desperate, "What are you talking about, Wittral?"

"Prana," Wittral became afraid as he spoke, "I can't feel it anymore."

"Let me check," A foreboding sensation enveloped him as Geugeu seeped his Prana through Wittral's heart. Despair set in him as he muttered, his expression dead, "It's gone."

"Wittral doesn't have a Spirit Container."



Chapter 325 Sane and Insane Boar Kings

"T-T-This is impossible!" Geugeu muttered in disbelief as he double, triple, quadruple checked Wittral's heart, failing to detect a Spirit Container all four times. He stared in silence for a good two seconds before intense bloodlust exploded out of his being.

A thundercloud formed overhead Leh Island and continued to grow in size, becoming massive enough to dwarf the island. A staircase of clouds trailed down from the thundercloud to the mine as Geugeu landed on it, not expressing anything.

He slowly entered the thundercloud and caused it to move in the Boar King's direction. No one else accompanied him, for the intense bloodlust emanating from him terrified even the Empyrean Snappers.

In terms of individual strength, he surpassed an Empyrean Snapper. After all, he was at the 10-Life Stage and cultivated a fluid that only the strongest Empyrean Snapper could produce, that too in limited quantities, a power created by the Cooter Clan exclusively for its Chief.

Similar to the Mammoth Clan, the Cooter Clan Chief passed down this exclusive power from one generation to the next through a Major Treasure.

The group of Empyrean Snappers watched as the thundercloud slowly moved towards the casually swimming figure of the Boar King as the two reached the horizon. Immediately after that, intense flashes of light enveloped the region, causing bulldozing sounds of thunder to echo many minutes later.

Eventually, Geugeu returned, beaten and battered. Surprisingly, he hadn't lost a life even after fighting against the Boar King. Of course, it was apparent that the Boar King hadn't activated any Gold Grade Natures. Had he done so, Geugeu wouldn't have returned alive.

"Even if I vented a little, what's the use?" Geugeu landed before Wittral and sighed as he held the latter's hands, "This is…hopeless."

"As long as even a single unit of Prana remains in your body, there are thousands of methods to help you recover. But going from zero to one is unprecedented." He expressed in despair, "It's not possible anymore."

"Does that mean…" Wittral's eyes widened in shock as he lost all hope, "I'm a cripple?"

"C-Can't I transform into an Empyrean Snapper and recover?" Wittral muttered and tried it, only to see nothing happen in response. Without any Prana, he was stuck in his human form until the end of his lifespan.

Unfortunately for him, as an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast, his natural lifespan was two millennia. It meant he had to endure such a long life as a cripple. "T-This is absurd!"

"What am I supposed to do now?" Wittral shouted in a fluster, "Am I even worth keeping alive in such a blasted state?"

"We…" Geugeu sighed and patted Wittral on the shoulder, "Let's return to the headquarters first. We'll try to figure out something."

His eyes then shot towards Inala and asked, "Free Human kid, do you have any ideas in regards to this situation?"

"You don't seem as flustered as Wittral even after losing your Spirit Container."

"Y-Yes," Inala nodded meekly, "My teacher is capable of solving that. Though,"

"Your teacher can?" Geugeu grabbed Inala with enough force that he almost crushed his bones. He quickly controlled himself and asked, "How? Who and where is your teacher?"

"My teacher's the Mudropper," Inala replied, his expression worsening in response, "The Boar King captured teacher. I don't know whether teacher is alive or not."

"Fucking boar!" Geugeu raged in response. He then stared at Inala with bloodshot eyes, "Are you telling the truth? Does the Mudropper have such capabilities?"

"If you're lying just to save yourself, then…"

"I think we can trust this information a bit," Wittral said, barely managing to calm down once he realised the situation wasn't as hopeless as it seemed before. Immediately in response, he began to analyse the details, "Everything has been damn confusing. But somehow,"

"It seemed as if there were…two Boar Kings?"

Wittral's words caused everyone present at the scene to ponder in response. Indeed, there were some inconsistencies in the Boar King's actions based on what Wittral had witnessed.

The Boar King had kidnapped Wittral. But he then returned him. The Boar King expressed a desire to hunt Empyrean Snappers. But he simply fought them for a few rounds and left once he was satisfied. The Boar King trapped Wittral in the Sandy-Grey Void he had created. But he also seemed oblivious to it and instead asked for details from Wittral.

As the Cooter Clan compiled eyewitness reports from across the Dralh Sea, they noticed that at the same point in time, there existed two Boar King presences.

"Did one of his bodies go bonkers and is causing trouble?" Geugeu frowned in worry, wondering how the Cooter Clan would be impacted by all of this.

"Let's consider the one that stole my Spirit Container as the insane Boar King and the one we met just now as the sane Boar King." Wittral said, "The sane Boar King merely fought against us. We suffered zero casualties in this fight. So, we don't need to guard against him in the future. The one we need to worry about and locate immediately is the insane Boar King."

"He might strike again."

"Chief!" A Cooter Clansman arrived on a ship and landed before Geugeu, saying upon prostrating on the ground, "We have just investigated Fral Island."

"Our Clansmen there have vanished mysteriously. The Spirit Containers of all Free Humans there have disappeared too."

"Chief!" Another Cooter Clansmen arrived and announced, "Most of the Free Humans on Roit Island have also lost their Spirit Containers."

"Most?" Geugeu frowned in response and laid a command, "Gather the ones with a Spirit Container. Let me inspect their bodies."

Clues were generally present in situations with an odd one out. That was the key to figuring out this puzzle that seemed damn complex with too many mysteries involved in it.

"Search for the insane Boar King." Geugeu relayed his command to the rest of the Cooter Clan, "Scour through our region and beyond. Find the Mudropper with priority."

"The both of you will come with me." Geugeu stared at Inala and Wittral, leading them to a ship that began to sail towards the Cooter Clan headquarters situated in the core zone of the Dralh Sea.

'Okay, I survived and managed to divert their focus to the Boar King.' Inala sighed in relief. There were too many variables at play in this plan. The fact that it worked this well came as a surprise to even him.

It was seventy to eighty percent close to the most optimal situation in his plan, which means the current situation could be considered a very good success. 'I still need to work towards my goal. Since I'll be at the Cooter Clan headquarters, too many eyes will be on me. It'll be hard to do anything. But despite the risks, I have to proceed forward with my plan while remaining as discrete as possible.'

Until now, Inala used the Free Human Spirit Containers on Wittral and fed his Spirit Containers to Gannala. That was merely one step of the process. Only after Gannala consumes a large number of Spirit Containers sourced from Spirit Stage Cooter Clansmen would she finally develop the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

That was a necessary ingredient. So one way or another, he had to visit the Cooter Clan headquarters anyway. 'Besides, I need to fully rope this guy against the Boar King.'

He thought and stared at Wittral. A perfect Empyrean Snapper with the greatest potential in his race. If someone like that gains a Secondary Nature while harbouring intense hatred towards the Boar King, things would truly fall into place. Inala planned to nurture him into such a character—strong, and filled with hate.

The Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan could ally in their hatred against the Boar King. Now, that truly was a force to be reckoned with, even for the Boar King.



Chapter 326 The Boar King Investigates

After his fight against Geugeu, the Boar King arrived at a corner of the Dralh Sea and sat in peace for a couple of minutes, circulating his Prana to heal his injuries, "His attacks sting a lot."

"He almost forced me to use a strong Nature." The Boar King exhaled in relief. He felt it was a waste to use strategic Natures against anyone other than the Mammoth Clan. It was why he remained conservative in using his abilities.

After all, despite holding back to the absolute limit, he was still damn strong. He faced the third strongest existence on Sumatra Continent without using a single Gold Grade Nature. That was the extent of the power difference between the two.

After finishing his recovery, the Boar King took on his Pranic Beast form and leaped into the Dralh Sea to devour a large school of marine Pranic Beasts. He came ashore after the hunt, created a small marsh, and immersed himself in it, falling asleep.

He was running low on Prana, which was the only reason Geugeu hadn't lost a single life. And now, before he moved again, the Boar King intended to recover all his Prana.

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

With a lifespan of 10,000 years and a Prana capacity of 10800, it might seem like a lot. But once the Boar King began fighting while activating a dozen Natures, his Prana consumption was akin to a bottomless abyss.

Activating even 12 Iron Grade Natures caused his Prana to be consumed sharply. It was why he refrained from using stronger Natures unless necessary. He simply didn't have enough Prana to sustain such an operation.

Hence, if he were to expend all Prana, it would be considered as if he had stopped using the activated Natures. This meant these Natures would be erased from Astral Chart. That was why the Boar King intended to use valuable Natures such as Internal Inertial Gravity only when he went in for the kill, and only towards the Mammoth Clan.

Astral Chart was an overpowered ability that allowed him to exert his weight across Sumatra as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Through it, he could store and use all Natures. But of course, that didn't mean the Boar King used all Natures.

No, he stuck to a select number of Natures that were practical for his fighting style.

The easiest case would be a Brimgan Empire Royalty. By fusing with the Gold Grade mineral, Rutham, a Brimgan Royalty gains the Primary Nature of Kinesis Deity. This was one of the stronger Gold Grade Natures.

Unfortunately, the Boar King never targeted them. The reason was simple. Kinesis Deity was an accumulative Nature.

A Brimgan Royalty would condense a Spirit Weapon through their Primary Nature and with the help of Gold Kinesis Art, refine them for decades, strengthening them accordingly. The Spirit Weapon's degree of strength was direction proportional to the refinement time and quality.

It meant that if the Boar King were to use the Nature of Kinesis Deity, he would have to spend a decade or longer to refine a Spirit Weapon. But if he were to run out of Prana anytime during the process, the Nature would vanish.

He would have to stock up multiple Natures of the same. Worst of all, the product of this ability was a refined Spirit Weapon, a solid object. Meaning, even if he were to stack multiple Natures of Kinesis Deity, the product would still be a single, solid object.

That was damn worthless.

Instead, active abilities like Internal Inertial Gravity were perfect. When stacked, the resultant boost in strength, toughness, density, mobility, etc. increased exponentially. When activated, they were ready to be used.

The Shock Lizards' Nature of Prana Shock was similar. Though being an Iron Grade Nature, Prana Shock could be stacked, resulting in an exponential increase in potency. There was no use in having the Astral Chart if he were to use abilities that couldn't be stacked.

Moreover, despite the practical reasons, there was a stronger reason why the Boar King avoided Natures like Kinesis Deity. It was because of character. Mystic Grade Pranic Beast or not, he was part of the Empyrean Boar race.

His base instinct towards any situation was to ram through it first and think if something remained behind. Hence, the Boar King typically picked Natures that raised his practical ability to plough through things in the most brutal manner possible.

Even the most exquisite of strategies would fail when more than three Internal Inertial Gravities were activated. So the Boar King did not need a strategy in the first place.

After a couple of days, the Empyrean Boar King got out of the swamp and entered the sea to wash its muddy body. Returning to his human form, the Boar King began to swim towards Fral Island, sneaking into the mine there while keeping his presence hidden to observe the condition of the Free Humans.

'Somehow, their Spirit Containers have been perfectly removed.' He marvelled at the exquisite proficiency through which this had been done.

He casually approached a Free Human and patted the latter on the shoulder, "How is your body feeling?"

"You are…?" The Free Human failed to recognise Brangara.

"I was brought here by the immortals just today. I'm new and was curious." The Boar King conversed in the same manner as the rest of the Free Humans in the mine, whispering a second later, "I heard everyone here is no longer able to feel their Prana. Is that true?"

"Why are you asking about that?" The Free Human groaned in pain, "After I lost my Prana, my body aches. I no longer recover from fatigue and muscle aches as fast as before."

"How did you lose it?" The Boar King asked.

"Let me tell you," The Free Human sighed and said, "The immortals called my group outside. We were excited, thinking there was a reward waiting for our hard work. But suddenly, I lost consciousness. When I woke up, there was no longer Prana in my body. Everyone else says the same."

"Anyway, you should get going. Don't slack off if you want to stay fed tonight." The Free Human offered his veteran advice and resumed his mining work.

"I understand. Thank you, senior." The Boar King thanked profusely and entered another area, mingling with the group there, hearing a similar story. A day later, he managed to ask around most of the groups, frowning at the result.

'Somehow, they lost their Spirit Containers. And shockingly, the Cooter Clansmen responsible for that disappeared mysteriously.' He analysed, thinking of Inala's abilities, 'Loot extensively made use of her abilities, huh? Does that mean at some point in time, the Cooter Clansmen on this island were replaced by their clones made by Loot? Also, what abilities did he use to make them?'

The Boar King then entered the sea and looked around, finding a Silver Grade Pranic Beast nearby to interrogate. He didn't have the means to communicate with it as he didn't know its language. Hence, it was hard until they established an empirical means of communication.

'Wittral is Inala's lover?' The Boar King frowned as he stared at the Silver Grade Pranic Beast, "You made me waste so much time just to hear this piece of information?"

"Are you fucking sane?"



Chapter 327 Sticky-Slip Plateau

Mammoth Clan!

In a vibrating room sat Virala, watching his moustache flail around and clean the place. He then focused, making the two ends press on the ground, applying enough pressure to lift his seated figure.

Slowly, up and down, he began to perform moustache pushups. There was a mild strain on his facial muscles, but he was getting the hang of it steadily, with concentrated effort.

Boom!

Suddenly, the caravan of houses at the end of the herd stopped as all the Empyrean Tusks came to an abrupt halt. Immediately in response, Virala's eyes shot open, his gaze hardening, 'Have we already arrived at that place?'

He exited his house and leapt to the terrace, peering at the terrain that spanned beyond the herd. It was an uneven plateau, with steep slopes running with reckless abandon, coming in all shapes and sizes.

Covering the uneven ground was an algae-like substance, murky green in colour. At first glance, it resembled grass, but upon closer inspection, it faintly wriggled and moved. Algae grew in copious amounts in this location, unfettered, proliferating through everything.

Stick-Slip Plateau!

This was a rather strange region on Sumatra Continent, for it existed in the form of strips. In their current location existed seven strips, with each strip spanning a breadth of 390 kilometres on average.

The problem with this region was how troublesome it was to tread upon. After all, as its name implied, the Sticky-Slip Plateau meandered through the qualities of being both sticky and slippery in nature.

Any creature that sets foot upon the region gets stuck to the region. But this stickiness was spread over the layer itself and not a specific spot, making it hard to extricate oneself from the sticky surface. Moving on the surface wasn't an issue.

This was where its second property came into effect—zero friction. The algae growing here had the property of reducing friction to such a minute amount that it could be considered a surface with zero friction.

Hence, it was damn easy to slip and fall on it. Once a creature falls on it, escape is impossible. It would continue to slip and glide all over the Sticky-Slip Plateau's surface and never break free from it.

It was why the Empyrean Tusks stopped once they came into proximity of the Sticky-Slip Plateau. Even they weren't immune to the region's effects. If they were to slip and fall, too many losses would be sustained.

They would have to consume a tremendous sum of resources to fire up Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit and stop skidding over the region, or at least maintain a consistent sliding pace until they reach the border.

'They decided to go through this place after all.' Virala smirked upon seeing the Empyrean Tusks get ready to take action.

After the merger, the entire herd decided to proceed through the 100-year path created by the Supreme Tusk, understanding that this path was the most efficient and posed them a realistic chance to enter the Mystic Grade.

Hence, they abandoned the other route and stuck to it.

21 Minor Crises and 4 Major Disasters; that was the extent of danger the herd would face in the Supreme Tusk's path in the timespan slightly exceeding a century. There were safer routes out there, especially ones without danger on the level of a Major Disaster.

But in danger came opportunity. Hence, the herd stuck to the current route. Besides, all routes came with their fair share of Minor Crises. So, it didn't matter in that regard.

It was unknown how much Raaha knew about everything, but the fact that he commanded the herd to proceed forward in the same route implied that he had made an informed decision. They'll brave through the danger and forge ahead.

'It means I don't have to worry much.' Virala smirked in relief, casually abandoning his plan to flee from the herd to achieve a certain purpose, 'My knowledge of Sumatra Chronicles will largely remain relevant. Besides, this place is absolutely necessary for my growth.'

Virala equipped his three One-Storey Storage Lanterns and became ready. Right at this moment, Bora Tusk's voice resounded through their caravan.

"All elites, assemble!"

'Time to get to work.' Virala got up and stretched his limbs. He cracked his stiff joints and inspected his belongings, arranging his Nature Weapons in a certain order. He then got out and joined with the group he was assigned toward, taking up position to the side of the caravan, ready to attack.

"Take care of my back, Virala." A fellow elite from his caravan said as she held a Spirit Weapon shaped like a needle.

"Of course," Virala showcased a gentle but confident smile.

Seated on the tip of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's trunk was Raaha, observing a decently flat piece of land meander through the Sticky-Slip Plateau, appearing like an almost flat canyon. This was the route he had picked to traverse the Sticky-Slip Plateau.

Due to the concave curvature, it was a bit easy to maintain balance horizontally to the side, allowing the Empyrean Tusks to focus solely on their front and back. And even in the event of them slipping, they would only go forward or backwards, making it easy for other Empyrean Tusks to stop them.

Otherwise, if they were to skid away randomly, the Empyrean Tusks would lose each other and get too far away from the crowd. That would make it risky, especially due to the Pranic Beast race living in the region.

[The Boar King is coming into our fear range from time to time!]

"It's best we exercise caution then. Our priority is to remain a herd." Raaha nodded upon hearing the 1st Empyrean Tusk, giving out a comment, "Let's open up a path."

"Kurrr-alalala!" All 104 Empyrean Tusks trumpeted in response and used their trunks to suck in large amounts of soil from their vicinity.

The soil was compressed into large boulders under intense pressure from Internal Inertial Gravity to the extent they blazed, turned molten and fused into singular, cohesive blocks. Following that, large tornadoes were created as a result of air being sucked into the trunks.

Intense winds flowed across the plateau as large volumes of air were compressed in the lungs of Empyrean Tusks.

"Ready…" Raaha reverberated his voice across all 104 Empyrean Tusks who pointed their trunks vertically upwards. Once everyone was ready, he shouted, "Shoot!"

Dozens of boulders were shot into the sky from each Empyrean Tusk, travelling for dozens of kilometres vertically upwards. There was a minor, almost negligible inclination along the trunks, causing the boulders to make a short arc.

Once they reached their vertical peak, the boulders began to descend, catching flame along the way due to friction, resembling flaming meteors that rained down from the sky.

Boom! Boom! Kaboom!

The flaming meteors accurately struck home along the path they had determined to traverse through, starting a hundred metres after the 1st Empyrean Tusk to extend until the opposite end of the Sticky-Slip Plateau.

Craters formed at the impact as the algae surface was vaporised by the intense heat. Lava frothed, releasing billowing smoke that spread around, targeting the algae that intended to rapidly fill up the opened space.

But before they could devour the flame, toxic fumes, and lava, the herd intended to finish crossing the Sticky-Slip Plateau.

"Run!" Raaha shouted as the Empyrean Tusk herd traversed through the crater-ridden path, their rhythmic movements causing an earthquake.



Chapter 328 Dangerous Suckers

'Everything's proceeding just like Sumatra Chronicles.' Virala thought as he observed their progress, 'Even after the herd became a lot bigger, some things remain the same.'

His moustache began to grow longer as it coiled around his three One-Storey Storage Lanterns, gripping them tighter while a dense amount of Prana condensed in them. His body tensed up in response as Virala began to emit Prana, intending to keep track of his surroundings. He became alert.

Exactly at the same moment, all the reincarnates too tensed up in response, displaying utmost nervousness.

Resha calmly approached baby Harrala and stood next to her, intending to give his everything to protect her.

"Is something about to happen?" Zahaella asked upon seeing his actions.

"The Chief told me to be alert." Resha casually pinned the blame on Raaha, "I'm just taking action accordingly. Please begin accumulating Prana in your body and be ready to transform at a moment's notice."

"Alright," Zahaella didn't waste time asking questions as a greater amount of Prana flowed into her bloodstream from her Spirit Container. She split her body into two. The 1-Life Stage Zahaella carried baby Harrala while her 6-Life Stage self stood guard nearby, ready to transform into the Rockatrice.

In a room situated on the rear end of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's tusk was Blola, confined to this place ever since Raaha began abusing his abilities for the Mammoth Clan's benefit.

His eyes glinted once as he observed a layer of algae move across the Sticky-Slip Plateau like a tidal wave and approach the crater-filled path, 'It's starting!'

He observed the perimeter of his house, spotting six elites posted guard with the intent of protecting him. All were at the peak of the Body Stage, possessing restraining abilities, meant to constrict Blola if he were to ever do anything that went against Raaha's plans.

Blola casually took out a vial from his Storage Lantern and began to sprinkle its contents across the house's inner edges, 'Virala is amazing to have procured such a strong Centinger toxin.'

He obviously purchased this for a certain purpose, brisking himself in response upon seeing the toxin take action. The walls of the house began to soften as he peered out and counted down for the algae tidal wave to approach the herd.

Grehha appeared on the terrace of his vibrating house and calmly encased himself within an Empyrean Incubator. He activated the ability multiple times, stacking the bubbles until the layers combined to form a tough bubble.

He activated his Secondary Nature and filled the interior of the Empyrean Incubator with Internal Inertial Gravity, 'Hope I don't get stomped to death. I don't want to be revived by Blola and become his slave.'

At the rear end of the caravan was an old, dilapidated building, constructed like a warehouse, filled with many mechanical tools. Strewn amid a pile of bone bits was Yennda, his expression dull, almost lifeless.

He observed the algae tidal wave, sighing in response, "It's time for that shit already?"

He calmly took out a helmet with spikes covering its inner surface, able to be actuated through psychokinesis. He wore it and seeped his Prana through it, ready to activate it at a moment's notice. He was ready to kill himself at the earliest, unwilling to suffer through the crap that would happen next, 'Death is a million times better than to futilely suffer.'

In Sumatra Chronicles, in three months following the First Major Disaster, three Minor Crises would happen, back-to-back. It was damn horrible.

Thankfully in this lifetime, they had a relatively better time thanks to the passive suppression released by the merged herd. It was during this time that Yennda was thrown to the Ennoudu Plains alongside a bunch of Mammoth Clansmen. So, he avoided the three Minor Crises.

Invasive type Minor Crises were no longer as effective as in Sumatra Chronicles, weakened thanks to the passive suppression unleashed by the Empyrean Tusks once they crossed a hundred in number. The Second, Third, and Fourth Minor Crises were invasive in nature and hence were weaker than the original.

But the shit about to strike them now wasn't like that. It didn't matter whether there were forty or a hundred Empyrean Tusks. They'll face the full brunt of the impact as depicted in Sumatra Chronicles.

The 1st Empyrean Tusk marched through the crater-filled path at Raaha's orders, resulting in rumbling quakes as the Empyrean Tusks moved rhythmically, stepping foot in the craters formed by the stomps of preceding Empyrean Tusks.

Boom!

The 1st Empyrean Tusk had barely covered forty kilometres when the path before it was covered by algae already. It unleashed a shockwave to clear a path. There was no longer abundant soil in its vicinity to unleash another meteor strike.

The only way to do so would be to use the soil in its biomes, but the 1st Empyrean Tusk was unwilling to waste the soil it refined and enriched using its Prana. It would use them only in a dire situation, which hadn't happened yet.

Thud! Thump! Thud!

Its footsteps were loud, releasing shockwaves upon every movement, repeatedly clearing the path before it that was rapidly closing up in response. Moreover, it purposefully increased its weight to make larger quakes through the ground, knowing very well the entity hidden there, ready to spring forth upon it.

All Empyrean Tusks made harder stomps in order to use the shockwaves to kill as many of these mysterious creatures as possible. After all, it was impossible for them to detect these creatures that released no presence, moved through the ground in absolute silence, and never caused the smallest of disturbances in their surroundings while on the move.

A tiny hole barely ten centimetres wide opened and shooting out of it like a parachute from its bag was a certain living entity. It rushed out with force, starting as a thin, cylindrical block. It turned conical in shape as it shot upwards like a bullet.

The farther it travelled, the wider its conical base became until soon, it unfurled like a flower to become a gelatinous sheet circular in shape with a radius of four metres, spanning a mere thickness of two centimetres.

Extending out of its circular ends like the tail of a kite were tendrils, each reaching a length of thirty metres, numbering ten in total. These tendrils were shaped similar to a helicopter's rotor blades, aerodynamic in nature—like an aerofoil.

The creature was shaped in such a way that as it leapt upward, wind was directed across its body and caused these tendrils to rotate, as a result generating lift. Due to its thin, almost weightless body, it appeared no different to a spinning copter rotor as it made a beeline towards the 1st Empyrean Tusk's trunk and latched onto it.

Its tendrils had suction pods similar to an octopus that allowed it to remain stuck to any surface it landed on. Like algae, its tendrils extended to cover more area on the trunk as tiny, hair-like needles jutted out of its body, numbering in the tens of thousands.

They acted like a magnet attracting iron filings, but their target was blood. Immediately in response, many blood vessels coursing through the Empyrean Tusk's trunk exploded and gushed out blood, allowing this creature to absorb it and grow in size, pulsing to resemble a beating heart, with its tendrils the veins.

Shockingly, despite everything that happened, the 1st Empyrean Tusk remained unaware, not feeling a thing, all thanks to this dangerous creature.

Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Decaleech!



Chapter 329 5th Minor Crisis

The Decaleech's tendrils absorbed blood voraciously through its needles that attracted blood like a magnet. Its flat body pulsed in response and swelled up, growing to resemble a thumping heart. With every pumping motion, its size grew, having swallowed more of the Empyrean Tusk's blood.

From the start when it latched onto the 1st Empyrean Tusk's trunk to when it started sucking in blood, the 1st Empyrean Tusk didn't feel an ounce of pain. Rather, for some reason, it wasn't even aware of its blood loss. This was why Decaleeches were a menace.

Primary Nature—Bloody Affection!

When activated, the Decaleech can attract blood towards itself and absorb it without alerting the target. While doing so, it would inject neurotoxins that prevented the target from becoming aware of its blood loss.

By absorbing large quantities of the target's blood, the Decaleech consumes the Prana and minerals in it and deconstructs the blood into elements that help in building its own body. Through this, it can grow in size and strength.

Both the strength and size gain were temporary. Only its body's growth was permanent, which was the Decaleech's primary objective. Without absorbing blood, it would never grow up and reach maturity.

The Primary Nature of Bloody Affection didn't stop at that. While absorbing the blood, the Primary Nature sometimes causes the Prana to fuse into the blood, creating a reaction in which the mind aspect of the prana gets triggered.

This casts a net and fishes pieces of information present in the blood. The majority of this information is useless for the Decaleech and typically forgotten by it after a while. As for the rest, it carefully consumes it and uses that information to become more aware of its world.

After all, the Decaleech has no sensory organs. Its sole means was to sense the blood in a target through its Primary Nature. Hence, it uses the data in the blood to learn more about its terrain, the various creatures that exist, etc.

The longer a Decaleech lives, the more cunning it gets, armed with a large arsenal of information sourced from various Pranic Beasts. Unfortunately for this race, Decaleeches were short-lived creatures, living for a maximum of 301 years, the shortest for Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

But they made up for it with a Prana capacity of 2108, which was decent enough to do everything they wanted. Moreover, their gelatinous body had no organs and therefore didn't have any weaknesses that could be targeted.

If any, its Spirit Container could be termed a weakness. The Decaleech typically moved its Spirit Container across its body, keeping it safe. The mind aspect of Prana combined with information-rich blood would form a small cluster around the Spirit Container and act as its brain.

Therefore, it always kept a reserve of 100 Prana that would work to be its brain. If that were to ever get consumed, it would enter a vegetative state.

Decaleeches were immune to blunt damage, making them very annoying to deal with. While absorbing blood from a target, they could eject large volumes of the target's blood—containing the target's Prana—into any abilities directed at it by the target.

It would merely result in a clash of the same Prana—within the blood and the ability—and neutralise each other to a great extent. Hence, it was hard to get rid of Decaleeches once they attached their bodies to a target.

The Decaleech on the 1st Empyrean Tusk's trunk continued to absorb blood when suddenly, its surroundings resembled a desert, with intense heat targeting it, causing it to shrivel up in response.

In a matter of seconds, all the blood in its body dried up, stopping its functions to result a body in a vegetative state. Staring at it from nearby was Raaha, observing the amount of blood it had absorbed in that short duration, "They are indeed a menace."

"Take position!" At his words, elites took up position within grooves on the sides of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's legs and its underbelly. These locations were the target spots for Decaleeches.

An elite tied a rope to his leg and dangled from the underbelly of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, holding a Spirit Weapon that glinted with a mysterious radiance and sped towards a rotary Decaleech approaching his location.

He, alongside ten elites, targeted it with attacks, barely able to thwart it. They were unable to kill it and just managed to negate its momentum, following which it fell to the ground.

But immediately after that, the Decaleech curled up into a cylinder, using the compression to store energy in its tendrils similar to a spring, keeping them intertwined to not launch itself prematurely. Once enough potential energy was stored, the lock was released, causing its body to shoot up towards the 1st Empyrean Tusk's underbelly once again.

Its tendrils unfurled and rotated like rotor blades, being bombarded by Spirit Weapons as it approached its target. As the 1st Empyrean Tusk moved forward, the number of Decaleeches targeting it continued to increase.

The Decaleeches were similar to Ewworms in that they didn't emit any presence. Moreover, when a Decaleech moved underground, it neither generated sound nor vibration, truly stealthy in nature. It would approach the surface only when it senses a source of blood. Otherwise, it remains asleep deep underground.

The Empyrean Tusks stomped the ground with such force to hopefully crush as many Decaleeches as possible. The meteor strike was also in an effort to make them wary and not approach the herd. But Decaleeches were instinctual beings, worse than most Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

Hence, they blindly shot forward to target the Empyrean Tusk herd.

Contained in every single Empyrean Tusk's body is a volume of blood enough to fill a sea. Therefore, in the senses of the Decaleeches, there arrived a row of bloody seas, possessing enough food for the entire region to feast upon for centuries and still not run out.

And of course, every single Decaleech in the Sticky-Slip Plateau could detect such enormous seas of blood and rushed towards the herd.

The only reason the herd passed through such a dangerous area was that their only losses would be blood. There wouldn't be a single casualty among the Mammoth Clansmen due to the Decaleeches as long as they attacked while remaining safe in the groves covering the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton.

The region beyond the Sticky-Slip Plateau was rich with resources and could allow the Empyrean Tusks to replenish their lost blood. The losses sustained here would be minimal when compared to more dangerous terrains that littered around the Sticky-Slip Plateau.

Of course, only if the Mammoth Clansmen hid within the groves on the exoskeletons of Empyrean Tusks would their lives not be placed under harm.

"Die!" The elite hanging from the underbelly of the 1st Empyrean Tusk was overzealous in his attacks, ignoring his safety. Taking the opportunity, a Decaleech latched onto him, wrapping its ten tendrils around his body to form a cocoon.

Five seconds later, it free-fell to the ground, transferring the vertical descent into rotatory motion, hence falling slowly. Left behind at the spot it had targeted was the withered husk of the elite. Five seconds was all it took for the Decaleech to suck him dry.

Seeing his condition caused other overly zealous compatriots to retreat into the groves and launch projectiles from there. Of course, they could only do so because they had the option.

As for the reincarnates on the caravans, they were fucked. On Sumatra Chronicles, this event was pretty major, as it happened during a time when the newborn Empyrean Tusk brought by Resha's parents still hadn't grown big enough to accommodate them. Hence, they had to desperately protect it from harm.

5th Minor Crisis!



Chapter 330 Leap! Don’t Fly!

The algae layer had already reached the path traversed by the latter half of the Empyrean Tusk herd. To avoid friendly fire, the Empyrean Tusks refrained from unleashing shockwaves. Only the 1st Empyrean Tusk continued to unleash them, following which it hurriedly sped through the path cleared of algae.

The rest followed it in a hurry. But by the time the 80th Empyrean Tusk set foot on the cleared path, the algae had already covered it. And right as it did so, its foot slipped, causing it to lose balance and tilt in response.

The 80th Empyrean Tusk unleashed a gust of air through its trunk and used the generated thrust to slow down its fall. Its figure slammed into the ground, causing a quake in response while its Internal Inertial Gravity transferred the shock from fall to its skin, releasing a powerful vibration that rattled the algae layer.

The vibration cracked the layer into multiple pieces, causing them to stick to the Empyrean Tusk as patches. As they weren't a single patch, the Empyrean Tusk managed to plant its feet deep into t he ground and used it to get up.

Moreover, holding its tail with a trunk was the 81st Empyrean Tusk, helping it. The 80th Empyrean Tusk then grabbed the tail of the 79th Empyrean Tusk. With the help of the 79th and81st Empyrean Tusks, it managed to quickly recover and begin walking once again.

Many Empyrean Tusks lost their balance and fell, quickly helped by the ones moving immediately before and after them. At least for them, there was an Empyrean Tusk to guard their backs. The sole exception was the 104th Empyrean Tusk that was situated at the very back of the herd.

It had no one to guard its behind and hence, when it slipped, it couldn't make a recovery as quickly as others. Moreover, when it fell, a ripple coursed through the rope tied to its tail, whipping the trailing caravan like a splash of water, sending everyone there flying away.

"Protect Harrala!" Yahard Tusk bellowed with priority and condensed a wall of light that formed into a cylindrical prison. Its lower ends stabbed deep into the ground, rooting itself to the spot stably.

Zahaella transformed into the Rockatrice and used its various hands to grab onto the rods forming the prison. One of its hands held the figure of 1-Life Stage Zahaella who was carrying Harrala.

"Tch!" Yahard Tusk clicked his tongue upon seeing the Mammoth Clansmen of his settlement spraying onto the algae layer as the houses forming their caravan shattered. The rope continued to tug onto whatever remained of the caravan as the 104th Empyrean Tusk skid forward without being able to stop.

"Bora!" He shouted next and condensed multiple ropes of light to cast a net over the region.

"On it!" Bora Tusk roared in response and unleashed multiple, soft explosions, sending the scattered Mammoth Clansmen flying into the net. Everyone hurriedly grabbed onto the net upon falling into it, watching it drag their bodies forward, for its rear end was attached to the rope pulling the caravan.

At this moment, a Decaleech leapt out of the ground and made a beeline towards Harrala. In this region, she possessed the most amount of blood, having already formed a tiny biome. Hence, she became the primary target for the Decaleeches.

"Not on my watch!" Zahaella grunted as the Rockatrice's hands flashed forward, grabbing the rotating Decaleech prematurely. As each of the Decaleech's tendrils reached a length of thirty metres, multiple hands of the Rockatrice managed to grab hold of each, tugging it from multiple directions to rip it apart to shreds.

One of the hands pierced its body and ripped out the blood cluster surrounding its Spirit Container, thereby destroying it. But exactly two seconds later, three more Decaleeches landed on the Rockatrice, followed by two more, and then another four, overwhelming it.

"Resha!" Zahaella shouted in alarm upon seeing the Decaleeches swarm her, about to reach Harrala.

"On it!" Resha's figure flickered towards her, transformed into a Zinger, grabbed Harrala and leaped into the air. Two Decaleeches chased after him when suddenly, an intense gravitational force acted upon them, sending them reeling into the ground.

Resha unleashed a gravitational flux to act upon the land to negate its effect, intending to create zero gravity at his location. He hadn't tried it to date, since there was never a use, same for transforming into a Zinger.

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean 100!

As the sole entity that could glide in the air, the Zinger's body was obviously one of his targets. His wings flashed through zero gravity as he intended to unleash a gust of air to fly away. But right as he did so, the world around him seemed to pause in place.

'W-What is this?' Resha stared with a solemn gaze at the massive eye that had appeared before him at some point in time, its existence seemingly pausing the world's functions. The world around him turned monochromatic as Resha was unable to move, unable to blink, and unable to think.

He noticed the eye trail its gaze over his Zinger wings, the region of zero gravity around him, and the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity that allowed him to fly. An instant later, it determined him to be the cause for this 'flight' and hence morphed cause and effect, intending to eliminate him.

Resha wasn't even able to process what was happening as he felt that his entire existence being erased from the records of Sumatra Continent. And the culprit was this mysterious eye observing him with an air of omnipotence and omniscience.

'No, I can't die!' He summoned every ounce of his being and activated the final part of Mystic Bone Art, feeling blood trail out of his orifices as he bellowed, "Mammoth Ancestor!"

"Help me!"

There was a pulse in Prana from him that echoed throughout the region. A moment later, one of the Transcendent Worlds hovering in the sky blinked in response.

Boom!

An ivory tusk stretching infinitely expanded from the Transcendent World and stabbed into the eye, blinding it.

KNDGHFFFKUHHHR!

An incomprehensible sound resounded in response as blood spurted out of the eye, blinding it.

[Leap! Don't fly!]

Resha could hear the Mammoth Ancestor's voice in his mind as the monochromatic static world vanished, resuming function. He noticed the bloody eye vanish, leaving behind frightful screams. The ivory tusk was no more, having only existed in that one instant.

'This is…?' He observed a mysterious substance hover in the air, like a wave, unaffected by natural laws. It was the blood spilt by the eye. Resha looked around and noticed that only he was able to perceive this blood.

A short moment of thought later, he opened his mouth and inhaled forcefully, sucking all the mysterious eye's blood into his body. Immediately in response, his Mystic Bone Art revved up in full capacity, a moment later exceeding its theoretical limit as endless energy was being generated in his stomach.

'Direct it!' Resha focused it on his Major Treasure of Cure and watched the Mystic Path in him rapidly fill up in response. As that happened, he glided around in the air and unleashed forces of gravity on the Decaleeches to send them reeling into the ground.

In a matter of minutes, he analysed the entire sequence of events that had happened, concluding, 'There's a Transcendent preventing flight on Sumatra. Its power is absolute towards the denizens on this continent but is inferior to the Mammoth Ancestor, considering how she was able to save me.'

Resha stared at the sky and watched the blinking planet vanish, 'I see, so that is the Transcendent World where the Mammoth Ancestor is at. It seems by forcefully protecting me, she let go of the opportunity to communicate with us. It might take a long time before her Transcendent World comes in range of Sumatra once again.'

"Things have gotten complicated." Resha muttered, sighing as he understood how little he knew about this mysterious continent.



