Chapter 301 Two Days to Go

"So, her goal was indeed the Free Humans," Wittral sighed, "It seems the Brimgan Empire has grown stronger in the past few centuries. They truly have begun considering themselves as leaders of the Free Humans and are starting to exercise their weight."

"I…was informed of some things by the Clan Leader through the Water Slip Zakzak brought." Wittral said upon seeing Nurnur's confusion, "It seems the strength of the Brimgan Empire's Emperor is steadily catching up to our Chief."

"That's impossible!" Nurnur blurted out in shock, "How can something like that be possible? That's not true."

"The one who said this statement was the Chief himself." Wittral said and observed the figure of Inala approach the mine entrance, "Therefore, to showcase themselves as the leader of Free Humans, the Brimgan Empire is probably targeting the Free Humans under us."

"By freeing the Free Humans from under our grasp, they'll make a bold statement." Wittral concluded based on the information he received, "The great Cooter Clan had to abide by our terms and free the Free Humans under their captive. This, is the Brimgan Empire's unshakable might."

"They'll release a statement like that." He concluded.

"Did they send Inala as a messenger?" Nurnur frowned, "Is a single person enough for such a large-scale project?"

"Her role is to create awareness among the Free Humans under the Cooter Clan to the glory of the Brimgan Empire." Wittral analysed, "And once the Free Humans become dissatisfied towards us and start rebelling, the Brimgan Empire will send its main force."

"Then Inala is dangerous!" Nurnur said and flared up her Prana, "I'll kill her immediately before she brainwashes our servants."

"No, let her do it." Wittral held her back, "If she's killed, the Brimgan Empire will merely send another."

"Are you serious?" Nurnur shouted, "What if she succeeds?"

"Let her succeed then," Wittral shrugged as his eyes turned cold, "What's the outcome of her success?"

"A mere five thousand eight hundred brainwashed Free Humans," He snorted, "We can casually wipe them out and replace their numbers. The population of Free Humans being reared at our headquarters is continuing to increase."

"The death of some Free Humans isn't worth worrying about. Instead," He stated, calmly, "We'll be able to understand the methods devised by the Brimgan Empire against us. By understanding it better, we'd be able to prepare countermeasures accordingly."

"The Brimgan Empire's plan will fail before it can even take off."

'Amazing, he analysed everything in mere moments.' Nurnur thought in praise as she clicked her tongue, "Does that mean Inala gets to live longer?"

"From a few days to a couple of months," Wittral nodded, "The Chief expressed his interest in her, since no Free Human from the Brimgan Empire dared to come this far. He wants to see how far the Human Avatar building process of the Brimgan Empire has developed."

"Are we leaving early?" Nurnur asked in disappointment, "I wanted you to continue training here until the next personnel shuffle."

"It's not much of an issue. I'll be returning here after three months anyway." Wittral shrugged and nudged Nurnur upon seeing Inala return, "That was a short trip."

"I'll send a body to monitor her," Nurnur said as a body appeared next to her and walked in the direction of the stone house where Inala was staying.

Once the both of them left the area, a stone nearby cracked open as the Empyrean Zinger Scout let out a high-frequency shriek and returned to hiding. When Wittral came out of a tunnel, a stone fell into it.

There was an Empyrean Zinger Scout within it. Hence, right as Wittral released his Prana, it committed suicide by causing a singularity in its body, losing its life as it shrunk into the size of a grain.

This way, when his Prana washed over the stone, Wittral didn't sense anything amiss. The Empyrean Zinger Scouts remained absolutely alert, ready to commit suicide at a moment's notice. Even though many lost their lives over the days due to various unfortunate accidents, there were still enough that managed to relay sensitive information to Inala.

Seated on his grass bed and hearing the footsteps of Nurnur, Inala smirked subtly, already aware of the conversation they had. From the start, he had been purposefully driving their thought process in the direction that Wittral analysed just now—a spy from the Brimgan Empire intending to free the Free Humans.

It was a ground-breaking objective and hence captured their entire attention. What they weren't aware of was the fact that such a project never existed. The Brimgan Empire wasn't strong enough to egg the Cooter Clan into a political war.

It was merely his orchestra. If not for the volume of information relayed by the scouts, it would have been impossible for Inala to do anything. Thankfully, he swapped the rest of the Cooter Clansmen on the island with his puppets.

They were feeding Nurnur 'information' that they had discovered by tracing through Inala's activities. They were the ones primarily feeding the narrative.

'It's a mess, since things have accelerated.' Inala thought, slightly anxious, 'If the ship is coming in two days, then I'll have to hurry up. It would have been perfect if I had a bit more time, since I can organise and feed Wittral more fabricated information. But anyway, it is what it is.'

'Changes have to be made promptly at the first sign of a variable.' He told himself and took out a tiny puppet that held Gannala's voice. He seeped Prana into it and activated it, resulting in a voice so faint even he couldn't hear it, despite holding it next to his ear.

But that was enough, as through his Secondary Nature, he was able to faintly pick up something. His growth wasn't at a level enough to hear the content, but he could still recognise that as a baby Empyrean Tusk's cry.

[I'm Here!]

He swallowed it immediately after and fell asleep, hearing Nurnur's footsteps creep closer until they stopped right beside his head. She just stood there, still like a statue, observing Inala's sleeping face.

Leh Island!

Seated deep within the mine in a narrow tunnel were Gannala and Asaeya. Upon hearing the baby Empyrean Tusk cry, she closed her eyes, making an observation based on the number of cries that had been transmitted, similar to a code, "Two days, huh?"

She stared at Asaeya, "We need to hurry up then. Let's get going."

Accompanying Asaeya, Gannala stealthily exited the mine, brought out the Sumatra Ship, and began sailing in the direction of Fral Island, making a mental note of the map of the region based on Ralral's data.

There were many shallower spots around Fral Island. Depending on which direction the ship goes after Inala boards it, Gannala will select the respective shallower region and set up the trap there.

She focused on her stomach biome and observed the Boar King puppets, "Everything will depend on the success of their performance."

The Sumatra Ship sped across the Dralh Sea as the Pranic Beasts in the ship's vicinity lost their senses. Downing the contents of Prana Bombs nonstop was Asaeya as she repeatedly used her ability, preparing for the moment when she'll play the most important role.

It was time to kidnap Wittral!



Chapter 302 Dralh Sea Minor Crisis

Two days went by in a flash as Wittral behaved the usual way towards Inala, always asking for tea and stories. Today was no different.

Sipping tea while commenting on a piece of art worked on by Inala, Wittral heard a loud noise from outside. His eyes lit up as he eyed Inala's back for a moment and commented, "The ship has arrived."

"Right on time," Inala expressed in joy as he finished the art, blew on it a little to watch it dry, and then packed it. He gave it to Wittral, "This is for you."

"Really?" Wittral's eyes lit up in response as he received the art, 'Bribe to woo me, eh? I'm still aware of your intentions though.'

"Yeah, it's just for you." Inala smiled, "Why else would I draw a collage of the Cooter Clansmen on this island?"

"I'll treasure it then." Wittral nodded and pocketed it. He then pointed towards the house's exit, "Then, shall we get going?"

"With pleasure," Inala nodded and accompanied Wittral outside, slowly making their way towards the shore. There, standing beside a jetty of clouds was a gigantic ship on the level of an aircraft carrier.

Spanning a length of two kilometres and a breadth of four hundred metres, weighing tens of thousands of tonnes was this behemoth of an engineering marvel. It was conical in shape, shaped like a bullet, robust enough to ram into an island and still be fine.

Its sides were completely covered by colourful clouds, propelling it through the Dralh Sea. It had no mast, for the power was generated by a group of Cooter Clansmen stationed within the ship, with each controlling a cloud that actuated the surrounding water.

Standing on the deck as the ship docked with a rumbling sound was a middle-aged man with a bald head that didn't shine, sporting a matt finish. His body was ripped to the extreme, appearing like a barrel, for he was short, barely reaching 140 centimetres.

As the ship came to a stop, dense steam exited it, creating the background that accentuated his barrelling figure. Possessing cultivation at the 5-Life Stage, he was captain of this ship, one that was responsible for transporting ores and personnel transfer for sixty islands on the outer zone of the Dralh Sea.

With orders from his superior, he had set off well in advance, arriving at Fral Sea 18 days ahead of schedule. From Fral Island, he would visit a bunch of other islands and end the journey at Leh Island, following which he would make a return trip to the interior zone of the Dralh Sea.

'Is this the Free Human woman?' He subtly eyed Inala and judged the latter to be unimpressive, 'What's so special about her? She's barely above average in terms of appearance and unnecessarily hairy.'

He didn't voice out his thoughts and saluted Wittral with respect, "How was your training this time?"

"It went well." Wittral said and nudged in the direction of the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, "They kept me company."

"Three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts…" The middle-aged man frowned as he stared at their barely peeking figures. Soon, he identified them, "They are Clumped Fingers. No wonder why you're unable to kill them. They are a menace and too afraid to be in the core of the Dralh Sea. Hence, they roam in the outer zone shamelessly."

"You needn't concern yourself with them." The middle-aged man addressed Wittral, "They won't dare attack the Cooter Clan…"

"But they did," Wittral said as his eyes trailed to the side, subtly pointing at Inala, implying that she was the one they were aiming for. "So, we need to be cautious."

"I'll ask the Clan to dispatch a team of masters to chase them away later." The middle-aged man then invited Wittral and Inala to the deck, alongside the rest of the Cooter Clansmen on Fral Island.

A group of Free Humans exited the ship and began to load the ores into it. They numbered over two hundred and formed the bulk of the ship's labour force.

There were also eighty Body Stage Cooter Clansmen primarily in charge of the ship's mobility. Another forty Body Stage Cooter Clansmen took charge of the ship's defence. Well, they were meant exclusively for the ship.

There were around eight to twenty Cooter Clansmen on each island, exchanging places between the ship and the island. Therefore, this reserve force numbered close to a thousand, a staggering sum of personnel.

Some of them assisted the ship's mobility when needed while the rest took charge of its defence. This way, the ship robustly traversed the Dralh Sea and was the safest and most stable way the Cooter Clan conducted their transport of goods and human force.

Casualties cropped up all the time, but were within tolerance levels. Considering the danger levels of the Dralh Sea, their casualties were usually kept low.

"Do you want to get some rest inside?" Wittral asked Inala upon seeing that he was gawking at the ship's structure.

"Are you insane?" Inala snapped in excitement and patted the floor on the deck, "I've never seen anything like this before. I want to look around more."

'That's genuine excitement.' Wittral thought as he smirked in pride, "Then, why don't I show you around?"

Having mingled with her a lot in the past few days, Wittral was able to see through her guise, able to determine when she was being genuine and when she was acting.

"Great!" Inala laughed and began to run around the place.

"Wittral, a moment, please." The ship's captain called for him suddenly.

"Give me a moment." Wittral excused himself and approached the captain, asking, "Is something the matter?"

"That woman," The captain stared at Inala, "Don't you think it'll be better to put her in a room? We don't want her to implicate our defensive measures…"

"I understand." Wittral nodded, not in the least displeased, "I'm treating her as a guest. So I'll be using one of our better rooms."

Wittral then approached Inala and made an excuse, "It's not safe here. Why don't you stay in our guest room for the time being? I'll bring you to relax around once we're in safe water."

"Okay, I understand." Inala nodded obediently and followed Wittral into a room.

"I'll return in a while." Saying so, Wittral closed the door, locked it from the outside and walked away, nodding at a group of guards as he whispered, "Keep watch over her room. In case she attempts anything, restrain her from afar and don't touch her hands and legs. She's able to absorb Prana once she activates her Human Avatar, so don't touch her transformed body parts."

"Yes, Sir." The guards saluted in response and stationed themselves accordingly.

Casually sitting in his allotted 'guest room' was Inala, unconcerned. He stared to the side, noticing a lack of window on the wall, 'They're being very careful.'

Honestly, had anyone else with his 'established' power been kept in this place, escape would have been impossible. But for him, it didn't matter. He had Internal Inertial Gravity. So, if things go south, he could always brute force his way through.

But that wasn't necessary, as things were mostly going according to plan, since he had accounted for multiple variables. "Now, let's start."

He spat out the puppet with Gannala's voice and activated it, causing it to ring in code.

[I'm Here! I'm…Here! I'm Here! I'm Here! I'm Here!]

"That's our signal." Stationed on a farther island, having killed the Cooter Clansmen there was Gannala, springing up in response to the code. Hearing the direction of the sound, she positioned herself accordingly and spat out the puppet of Brangara in human form.

The puppet landed on the shore and released waves of Prana with an indistinguishable signature from the original, even able to mimic the associated pressure. Instantly, the sea rumbled as all the Pranic Beasts—Iron, Silver, and Gold—reacted in response, instinctively fleeing in the opposite direction.

And the direction they fled was toward the ship. Staring at the sea churn in response as a wave of Pranic Beasts moved, Gannala calmed her thumping heart, "This is already on the level of a Minor Crisis."

Dralh Sea Minor Crisis!



Chapter 303 Tsunami of Pranic Beasts

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Kinesis!

This was the Skill Inala derived from Fhoong Brimgan's data, gaining inspiration from the Brimgan Empire's Gold Grade cultivation technique, Gold Kinesis Art.

By holding a Prana Bomb that was filled with the Prana of a Pranic Beast, Inala would activate the Skill of Prana Kinesis, beginning to refine the Prana within. Over time, the quantity of Prana within the Prana Bomb would be consumed while its quality increases.

If the Prana was originally sourced from a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, by the end of the Skill's activation, the Prana quantity would drop from 100 to 70 while its quality would increase to the level of an Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

Inala had the Boar King's data. Hence through it, and the amount absorbed by the Empyrean Zinger King upon birth, he managed to figure out a refinement process through which the Prana of a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast—most commonly found in the Dralh Sea—could be refined into the Boar King's Prana, possessing his signature.

Again, just like everything he did in recent times, this too was a resource-intensive process. Hence, they had a limited amount of the Boar King's Prana.

As the Boar King puppet released the same Prana signature and pressure as the original, the Pranic Beasts in the region became terrified. Instinctively, they fled in the opposite direction, creating a wave of Pranic Beasts.

Gannala brought out the Sumatra Ship and rode it in a hurry, reaching a location where the Boar King's Prana emission hadn't reached before. She brought out his puppet and repeated the same process, ensuring to direct the presence in such a way that the Pranic Beasts fled in the direction of the ship where Wittral was.

Gannala travelled in an arc, intending to send as many Pranic Beasts as possible. While she was doing this, Asaeya protected the Sumatra Ship from harm, stealing the senses of any Pranic Beast that lost its mind from the Boar King's presence and targeted them.

"This isn't as intense as the original, but still…" Her voice trembled as if she had shivers as Asaeya felt her hands and feet turn cold. She was wrought with fear, "I feel like I'll go insane if I were to feel this presence any longer."

"Waaah!" Gannala suddenly broke into tears, trying her best to stop crying, but despite everything she did, her body was unable to calm down. Her Primary Nature was raving in response to the Boar King's presence, for that was the ultimate existence that hunted enough Empyrean Tusks to cause fear in them down to the genetic level.

This reaction was brought by the twenty-plus Internal Inertial Gravity in the Boar King. They, the Natures of Empyrean Tusks, possessing the will and mind of the original were now trapped in the Boar King's body, forced to bend to his will.

It was an absolute horror for them. And with twenty of them in the same situation, a synergy was created, which was transmitted through the hive-mind nature of the Empyrean Tusks. It was why the Empyrean Tusks were able to feel fear the moment the Boar King approached their vicinity.

It was the twenty-plus Internal Inertial Gravity in his body screaming at them to flee away, for they had no chance of defeating him. Death was guaranteed for an Empyrean Tusk upon meeting this ultimate predator of their species.

Gannala swallowed the Boar King puppet, unable to calm down even after it stopped releasing its presence. In fear, she continued forth her mission, crying, but never backing down, unwilling to stop until she created a large enough wave of Pranic Beasts.

Dralh Sea Minor Crisis!

Seated in a guest room within the ship, Inala's body trembled violently the moment he felt a tinge of the Boar King's presence.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

His Secondary Nature flared up in response, urging him to flee the place. It increased its influence on him, trying to make him leave.

"Haa…haha…" He laughed nervously, "Even a fake is this terrifying. How the fuck am I supposed to kill the original?"

"Don't be afraid," He patted his chest in an effort to calm down, feeling that it wasn't working. His Secondary Nature was raving about in fear. As its influence grew on him, so did the fear he felt under the Boar King's presence.

This was unlike during the First Major Disaster when he had just gotten his Secondary Nature. It was weak and its influence on him was zero. Hence, the level of fear he felt back then was the minimal most of what an Empyrean Tusk felt.

It was significantly more pronounced now. And in the future, as he grows even stronger, this effect too would reach unimaginable levels. When he faces the Boar King, he would have to fight while enduring a frightening amount of fear generated in him by his Secondary Nature.

"Keep calm and do it!" He slapped his cheeks and used the pain to get a hold of himself. He then spat out a puppet of himself, noticing that it was faring better than him. After all, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts controlling it were young and hadn't developed their Secondary Natures much.

Hence, the level of fear they felt was to an endurable extent. The puppet took his place on the bed while Inala carved out a rectangular piece of slab through the wooden bed and laid in there after swallowing the carved contents.

By turning it into a coffin, he sealed himself, airtight. There was enough air in his lungs—that had been turned into a biome—to last him a while.

The ship had set sail by now, moving forth as a large volume of clouds trailed from its behind, generating sea currents that propelled it forward.

Leaving Fral Island, the ship set a chart towards an Island further outskirt. Soon, it reached a shallow region of the Dralh Sea, an area where the depth was merely two kilometres, one of its shallower parts.

As it was shallower, the strength of the Pranic Beasts too dropped in response, making it a safe area for the ship to traverse. The Cooter Clan set up routes to go through as many shallow regions as possible, for only then would their casualties be kept to a minimum.

Standing on the deck while surveying the Dralh Sea, the captain frowned as he felt a rusty scent mildly mixed amid the wind blowing from the side. He stared in the respective direction and noticed a jet-black line on the horizon, positioned slightly higher than the ink-black surface of the Dralh Sea, "What is that line?"

As he observed, the line drew closer, resembling a wave. Soon, it became as big as a tsunami, reaching as high as forty metres. Rumbling within it were Pranic Beasts, numbering in the tens of thousands.

They were fleeing at such speeds that they created a giant wave, packed within it to the brim like sardines, simultaneously keeping their Primary Natures activated.

"Alert! Propel forward!" The captain roared, "Wave incoming!"

All the Cooter Clansmen on the ship took action as they generated colourful clouds and layered them on the ship's side, raising its sailing speed. But in comparison to the wave of Pranic Beasts, it was slow.

Inevitably, they clashed.



Chapter 304 Triggering the Boar King

[I'm Here!]

Wandering at a location far away from the Dralh Sea, but still within the 10,000-kilometre range was a certain Boar King. Followed by a flash, a group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts became his morsel.

"Again?" He stopped upon hearing the shout, knowing that it was Gannala's voice. "It has been five years since then. Her voice shouldn't sound like a newborn anymore…"

"Is it that bastard?" The Boar King thought of the first time he fell victim to a trap. He lost some lifeforce to the trap, the first time such a thing happened to him. Hence, he paid special attention, knowing very well that this too was a trap.

'I had to consume a Zinger Queen and use her power to recover my lost lifeforce. It's a waste of time making repeated trips to the Dieng Canyon.' He thought. After his action, the number of Zinger Queens at the Dieng Canyon dropped to two.

The remaining two Zinger Queens had already birthed a third queen, but things had yet to stabilise at the Dieng Canyon. After all, that was where the Boar King fought against 44 Empyrean Tusks, devastating large swathes of the canyon region.

Currently, the Zingers were capturing Iron Grade Pranic Beasts with the ability to shape earth like the Mud Vipers and using them to restore the destroyed terrain.

If the Boar King were to kill one more Zinger Queen, the Dieng Canyon's Zinger society would collapse, 'That'll cause a lot of headaches down the line.'

The Dieng Canyon was a melting pot of sorts, a node connecting lots of routes that traverse Sumatra Continent. The Zingers made travelling through this route difficult. If not for that, there would be too much traffic passing through the region, creating problems.

Fragile Pranic Beast colonies would be destroyed when stronger Pranic Beast races travel in large groups.

The best example was Shock Lizards. They lived in small, pocket-sized terrains, situated in the nooks and crannies between large, but weak Pranic Beast groups. They typically lived by instigating two conflicting groups and scavenging upon the corpses.

But if there was a mass migration, causing a stronger group to settle down, they would simply devour the surrounding weaker groups. With a lack of conflict, the Shock Lizards would no longer have corpses to scavenge upon.

They would be forced into extinction soon after. And the Boar King didn't want that, since the Primary Nature of the Shock Lizard was something he loved to use. Iron Grade Nature it might be, but it went perfectly well with his Astral Chart, since it could be stacked without issues, being an energy-based ability.

There were many such creatures whose abilities he typically used during his hunts. Hence, he wanted to ensure such Pranic Beast colonies weren't annihilated.

"Do I check it out or not?" The boar king thought as he heard Gannala's baby voice nonstop. In the end, he shook his head and continued about his business, "I need to find more Sumatra Gold."

"I can't afford to waste time here when I can instead spend it on my family."

Dralh Sea!

The captain of the ship observed alertly as the ship began to accelerate in speed, intending to avoid the wave by swerving around it.

"Captain, it's coming from the other side too." A Cooter Clansman shouted upon observing another black line form over the horizon.

"Hmm…" The captain thought as a body split off from him and landed on the cloud he produced. The cloud then proceeded to an altitude of 720 metres, the maximum Spirit Weapon range at the 4-Life Stage.

After sending a body, the captain was at the 4-Life Stage, hence his Spirit Weapon range was reduced from 780 metres to 720 metres. His separated body gazed from an altitude of 720 metres, observing the wave of Pranic Beasts form a semi-circular line, about to hit them from the front.

'We aren't fast enough to outpace them even if we reverse at full speed.' He thought, unable to understand as he identified the Pranic Beast races part of the wave, 'Why is there such a sudden wave of Pranic Beasts? Did something happen at their homes?'

"Defensive manoeuvre! Hurry!" The captain said and hurriedly approached Wittral, addressing the figures of Nurnur and Zakzak at his side, "The two of you, take Wittral and flee towards Fral Island."

"Things will get messy real soon."

"I'll contribute." Wittral didn't bat an eye, speaking without hesitation, "With my power, we'll have an easier time defending the ship…"

"Stop it!" The captain shouted as he grabbed Wittral by the shoulder, "You're a thousand times more important than the rest of us. Your safety is of tantamount importance. This isn't a simple wave. So, get going."

He nodded at Nurnur, urging her to take action, "Flee away with him, now!"

"Don't try to," Wittral glared at Nurnur when she touched him, intending to carry him away to Fral Island, "I'm staying here."

"Besides," He stared to the side and pointed at the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts gradually approaching the ship, "Look at them getting stressed out."

"It seems they are communicating with the Pranic Beasts in the wave to learn about the cause. So, I'll be putting my life at risk by heading to the Fral Island." Wittral analysed, "It's better to stay here with my people. This ship is robust enough to withstand the wave."

"Alright, do as you see fit. But your life takes priority. Don't take it for granted." Leaving behind a word of caution, the captain rushed to the rest of his crew and began to mobilise them all for battle.

The number of clouds covering the ship increased in number as they steadily absorbed the steam radiating from the Dralh Sea to grow in size. Ten seconds later, they had erected a hundred-metre-wide barrier of cloud around the ship.

The Pranic Beast wave soon approached the ship. At the forefront were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts that seemed to have lost their minds. Insane, they charged right into the barrier of clouds and had their bodies shredded apart.

But more of them joined the death fest, using their bodies to consume through the cloudy barrier. They were simply charging forth, blindly, in large numbers. From three sides, waves of Pranic Beasts slammed into the ship, causing it to tremor.

There was chaos, as the Pranic Beasts from each side intended to proceed in their respective direction. But all of them met at the centre and collided into each other, creating chaos.

Lying in the coffin hidden within the bed in an enclosed room, Inala felt the tremors course through the ship. Suddenly, he felt breathless, sensing a spike in fear from a certain direction. This was vastly more overwhelming than what his Boar King puppet generated, 'The real deal is nearby.'

'Do I? Or do I not?' Inala had plans for both situations. Even though inviting the Boar King here would drastically increase the risks, doing so would cement his success. A short few seconds of hesitation later, he decided after completing his calculation, 'Since he's at the Body Stage, it would take him around five days to arrive here. Perfect!'

'I'll be done in a day. I can use the remaining time to make a great trap for him.' With that, he took action immediately, taking out a second puppet with baby Gannala's voice and activated it. In response, a straightforward taunt resounded.

[If you're truly the son of a pig, come here. Let's chat, Brangara. If you don't…heh, heh! I have something with me that'll make you cry from painful nostalgia.]



Chapter 305 Sandy-Grey Void Octagon

[If you're truly the son of a pig, come here. Let's chat, Brangara. If you don't…heh, heh! I have something with me that'll make you cry from painful nostalgia.]

"Fucking bastard!" Veins popped all over the Boar King's forehead as he heard the taunt. No one dared disrespect him like that, not after he became the Boar King. "Damn ant, I'm coming, alright."

"And when I find you, I'll clobber you." His figure flickered as the ground he stood upon formed a crater in response. Vapour cones were generated as Brangara assumed his Empyrean Boar King form and sped through the region, making a beeline towards the Dralh Sea.

'Okay, he's coming.' Inala let out a sigh upon sensing the level of fear he felt gradually grow stronger. His body began to faintly shiver in response as Inala took in deep breaths, exercising his utmost control to calm down.

In the meantime, the Inala puppet seated on the bed looked around and felt the vibrations coursing over the wall. The Cooter Clansmen and the Pranic Beasts had begun clashing.

But in the end, the goal of the Pranic Beasts was to flee. Hence, their priority was to continue fleeing. The ship was merely an obstacle in their way, one that became a cramped battle space as Pranic Beasts rushed in from all sides.

Of course, many Pranic Beasts were beginning to swim around the ship to flee further. But they had only moved a kilometre past the ship when suddenly, another wave of Pranic Beasts approached them from the front and pushed them pack.

Now, Pranic Beasts were rushing towards the ship from all sides, jampacking the centre to the extent the ship became stuck.

"What in the Dralh Sea is happening here?" Wittral stared in confusion upon seeing Pranic Beasts slam into the ship from all sides, causing it to creak in response. Many began to climb onto its deck before being flooded with attacks from the Cooter Clansmen.

With a thought from Wittral, a tornado formed beside him, thin, sporting a needle tip. It revved to a high speed before gushing across the deck, curving around like a snake as it accurately pierced through the Pranic Beasts like a kebab and lifted them.

Followed by a lash, the tornado threw the Pranic Beasts into the sea, clearing the deck. But only the area he was defending was safe. Beyond his Spirit Weapon range, the Pranic Beasts were already beginning to crowd the deck.

"No, wait…" He then noticed a group of them enter the ship's interior, marching through the narrow passage within as they attacked everything in sight. The Cooter Clansmen posted as guards there were overwhelmed in a matter of minutes.

'That's where Inala is resting at.' Wittral thought in alarm, 'It's too early for her to die. She has yet to cough up her secrets.'

"Nurnur, uncle, protect me," Wittral said as Prana gradually churned through his body, causing the seawater near the ship to churn in response, forming a vortex to become a hurricane. Bladed arcs of water splashed through the hurricane, dicing up the bodies of Pranic Beasts, turning the hurricane red with their blood.

"Heup!" He clenched his hand into a fist, gritting from the exertion as the hurricane exploded, resulting in a tsunami that sent large groups of Pranic Beasts splashing around like dust.

And as they fell, multiple hurricanes began to form. Wind blew, water churned, and the bodies of Pranic Beasts were ground to a pulp. It was a show of absolute dominance by Wittral.

"Haha, that's our Deity!" Nurnur roared in laughter, for Wittral's attack freed up the ship's deck and their surroundings of Pranic Beasts, allowing the Cooter Clansmen to begin erecting another cloudy barrier.

"Come, we need to ensure Inala is alive." Wittral recovered from his exhaustion as he downed the contents of a few vials and charged into the ship's interior, observing the bloody corpses that filled the place.

Their footsteps made splotching sounds due to the sludgy mixture coating the floor, formed by blood, body fat, and pulpy flesh. The scent was horrid, enough to make one wish to puke out their guts.

Sounds echoed from far away, showing signs of a battle deeper into the ship.

"Let's go," Wittral nodded at his two bodyguards and sped through the corridor, observing the large number of Pranic Beast corpses that littered the place. Occasionally, they would come across a Cooter Clansman corpse.

"They are heading towards the Free Human quarters," Nurnur said upon analysing the position of the Pranic Beasts in the ship, based on the sound.

"What about our people in the engine room?" Wittral didn't care about the fates of the Free Humans and instead was worried about the Cooter Clansmen situated deep in the ship, the ones in charge of rowing it primarily.

"They should be safe for now." Nurnur said, "We have two masters guarding the entrance to their working quarters. There are enough defensive arrangements there to last them a while.

"That's good enough," Wittral then stared at Zakzak, "Uncle, do you mind racing towards their location first? We'll be right behind you after rescuing Inala."

"Okay," Zakzak said and left two bodies behind to protect Wittral while the remainder, as a 4-Life Stage Zakzak, sped deeper into the ship using a nearby stairway.

Two Zakzak bodies sprinted before Wittral while Nurnur's body split into six, forming an encirclement around Wittral, just in case to tank any sneak attacks on Wittral with her body first.

Soon, they arrived before Inala's room, noticing the Cooter Clansmen there were injured. Thankfully, none were dead.

"What happened?" Zakzak asked in alarm upon seeing their faces full of fear and noticing shredded corpses of Pranic Beasts in the area, too numerous to the extent they blockaded the corridor.

"I can guess what happened," Wittral said and peered through the broken door to stare at the figure of Inala clawing upon the walls with a maddened gaze.

"Come and die!" Inala roared and continued to cut the corpse of a Pranic Beast into smaller chunks, letting out maniacal chuckles.

"She let her influence consume her." Wittral sighed as his figure flashed towards Inala and punched the latter in the stomach, knocking her out. He carried her on his shoulder and accompanied Nurnur and the others to the quarters of their Clansmen that controlled the ship's mobility.

A minute after they left, the bed in the room shattered as the figure of Inala walked out, having reverted to his male form.

Stage 1—Jaw!

He used his sharp claws to form a line of cut on his face in the centre before peeling his skin off, his expression twisted with a sadistic shade. He then spat out a skin mask and sprinkled the Lifeforce-rich fluid from a Life Bomb onto it before slapping it on his face, making adjustments until it perfectly bonded to him.

He stared at a reflective surface in the room and observed the Boar King's face staring back at him, revealing a natural smile without an uncanny valley effect, "I'm ready now."

He took out his puppet and activated it, signalling Gannala to start their plan in earnest.

[I Am Here!]

"That's the signal!" Gannala said and peeked out of the Sumatra Ship, carrying the Sumatra Canon as she loaded eight Sandy-Grey Bombs in it. Pointing the Sumatra Canon into the sky, she launched the first shot.

Using her Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit, she remained absolutely stable in her aim, changing directions to shoot her second, third, and so on, until her eighth shot.

With each forming different arcs, the eight Sandy-Grey Bombs landed on the Dralh Sea surrounding the ship in the centre, forming an octagon, with the distance between each vertex spanning an exact four kilometres.

All eight Sandy-Grey Bombs slammed into the Dralh Sea at the same time, and an instant later, they exploded.

"What the fuck?" The captain of the ship screamed in horror upon seeing eight pillars of night explode to reach the sky. Immediately in response, the pillars of night extended towards each other, forming an octagonal wall that cut off the area of the Dralh Sea within it with the rest of the world.

Sandy-Grey Void Octagon!



Chapter 306 Sandy-Grey Void’s True Power

The Sandy-Grey Bomb was merely half the size of a fist. But it had been packed to the brim with grey sand after the space inside had been increased and stabilised by the Mudropper.

When it slammed into the Dralh Sea, it exploded, pouring out the grey sand that mixed into the Dralh Sea and consumed the latter.

Voraciously consuming all matter to expand without limits was the function of the grey sand. And in the Dralh Sea with large amounts of energy in the form of heat and billowing waves, the grey sand expanded rapidly.

Unlike the Sandy-Grey Void ring where the Mudropper purposefully controlled its potency and limited its danger, the one unleashed now possessed the actual power of the Sandy-Grey Void that bordered Sumatra Continent, in all its glory.

Dozens of metres of the Dralh Sea were rapidly transformed into grey sand as an island formed at the impact zone. It expanded radially, like a blot of ink on a piece of paper. And everywhere the grey sand crept, light and sound were swallowed while Prana was consumed. Left in its wake was the grey sand with a voracious appetite, spreading faster, creating a vicious cycle.

The sky above it turned dark, making it resemble the night, but one where light couldn't survive. It was still, soundless, eerie to anyone there, for in absolute silence, they would be able to hear the sounds produced in their body to an alarming extent, nerve-wracking for all.

The grey sand began to expand towards the depths, converting more and more of the Dralh Sea as it soon reached the sea bed, beginning to consume and transform it into grey sand too. And once it reached this point, it became a stable landmass, one where living beings could tread upon.

Well, not that it was safe to do so, since the entirety of the Sandy-Grey Void was akin to a quicksand. So, it was a land of death for everyone.

But right as it began to expand horizontally, a large group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts flooded the area, carrying Sumatra Zingers each, loaded with compressed air. As a combined unit, they launched a burst of air, unleashing a fierce gale that sent large volumes of grey sand flying away.

Instead of expanding outward, the grey sand was redirected towards other vortices, ending up forming the sides of the octagon. This way, once the walls of the octagon finish forming, they will fully cut off the region within from the outside world.

This way, Wittral and the thousand-plus Cooter Clansmen accompanying him would be fully trapped within, alongside the Pranic Beasts. And as the liveable region within shrinks, they would have no other choice but to fight each other to compete for living space.

It was the best way to expend Wittral's trump cards. As an Empyrean Snapper who was the first of its race to be born perfect without any genetic defects, the Cooter Clan would have invested a lot of effort into grooming him.

Similar to when Gannala was born as the Supreme Tusk, Wittral too would have received an inheritance from all Empyrean Snappers. That wasn't all. As he was roaming the Dralh Sea with little protection, they would have armed him with Minor Treasures to protect his life.

Hence, he would have to be pushed to the brink of death before he uses these Minor Treasures. Only after his strength was truly exhausted would Inala have the opportunity to capture him. Otherwise, he would be putting everything at risk.

Swoosh!

Four Spirit Weapons rammed into the ship wall and drilled for a few minutes before poking in a small hole. Inala sent an Empyrean Zinger Scout outside through the hole and hovered it in the air using psychokinesis. By reading its memories, he observed the surroundings, staring at the blanket of night gradually forming a wall.

As the wall extended from both the vertices connecting it, extending around ten metres every second, the wall spanning a length of four kilometres finished forming under four minutes. It was crazy quick, and with Pranic Beasts swarming the ship, the Cooter Clansmen were unable to charge out even if they intended to abandon the ship.

With each side spanning a length of four kilometres, the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon encompassed an area of seventy-seven square kilometres. Most of the sea region here was filled with Pranic Beasts, with tens of thousands in the Iron Grade, a couple thousand in the Silver Grade, and three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

As the area slowly shrunk, they were forced to head towards the centre.

A desperate Iron Grade Pranic Beast rushed into the Sandy-Grey Void and ran across the grey sand, taking advantage of its webbed legs to not sink. It could neither see nor hear its footsteps, but even though it was terrified, it knew that if it charged forth long enough, it would come out on the other side.

It ran and ran, covering more than a kilometre when suddenly, it collapsed, realising only now that its webbed feet were no more, consumed by the grey sand. Prana surged into its legs to regenerate its feet, but the majority of it was consumed by the grey sand.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beast let out a burst of strength to run forth for a couple hundred more metres before it was caught by the grey sand, beginning to slowly sink deeper. It struggled and barely broke free after using its Primary Nature.

But a few more metres forward, and it began to sink once again. This time, it no longer had enough strength to break free and was digested in a matter of seconds, only contributing to increasing the amount of grey sand in the region.

A small grey sand dune formed in the area, the only indicator of its existence.

If one could actually see in the region, they would notice many such sand dunes littered the place. Those who intended to charge out died within the Sandy-Grey Void. After all, the region expanded at a rate of ten metres every second.

No creature was capable enough to survive long enough to surpass it.

Right outside the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon, travelling on small Prana Bomb boats were groups of Empyrean Zinger Scouts. All Pranic Beasts in the vicinity fled away upon seeing the Sandy-Grey Void, making it safe for them to be out in the sea like this.

Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts used their psychokinesis to create a pair of propellers that rowed the boat forward. Another two Empyrean Zinger Scouts blew out powerful gusts of wind to give them the necessary thrust to accelerate from time to time.

They had to constantly keep moving, as the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon was also expanding outwards. The Empyrean Zinger Scouts were camping right outside its expanding borders to attack any creature that successfully managed to escape from the octagon.

They'll attack the target and send it reeling back in. This was their task. There was one such boat every two hundred metres, keeping watch of the Sandy-Grey Void's expansion. Thankfully until now, none managed to break out.

Within the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon, Inala finished his observation and retracted the Empyrean Zinger Scout, swallowing it to store it in his biome. He then took out a Prana Bomb containing the Boar King's Prana and equipped it, using Mystic Bone Art to morph it into a chest armour.

This way, he could emit the Boar King's presence from all over his body. He planned to integrate it into his Inhibition Needle in the future, but for the time being, this would suffice.

Hearing the sounds of slaughter coming from the deck, Inala began moving, intending to allow more Pranic Beasts into the ship's interior, "I'll make the situation even more chaotic."



Chapter 307 Gravity Bomb

Four Empyrean Zinger Scouts hovered at the farther end of Inala's Spirit Weapon range, controlled through his psychokinesis. They kept an eye on the corridors as Inala ran through the maze-like interior of the ship.

Soon, he arrived at the lowermost floor and entered a room at the corner. He spent a few seconds to map out the path to the upper floor, intending to promptly flee through it.

Following that, he focused, causing his Spirit Container to merge into his heart as all the Prana in his reserves flooded his bloodstream.

988 Prana!

That was his current reserve, built thanks to the consumption of a bunch of Elixirs. Even though his Empyrean Zinger body was lacking in development, he had strengthened his Spirit Container enough to withstand this amount of Prana.

Strength surged through his body when such a copious sum of Prana coursed through his bloodstream, circulating rapidly once he activated his Prana Blood Skill. Inala then closed his eyes and focused on his palm, gathering a hundred Prana into it as sweat covered his forehead. He focused and condensed a certain object that glimmered with a suffocating level of power.

Appearing on his palm was a Prana Bomb jet-black in colour, appearing the same size as a regular Prana Bomb, but was heavy. Small holes formed on it and generated a terrifying suction force, generating winds in the corridor as a large volume of air was sucked into it and pressurised.

Space within wasn't bent. Instead, the sheer gravitational force attracted a dangerous volume of air and compressed it to the limit, almost causing it to appear solid. If the temperature within were to drop, it would instantly condense into a solid.

It remained air due to the large volumes of kinetic energy contained in the compressed air.

Right as it finished charging up, taking barely three seconds to do so, Inala threw it onto the room's wall, watching it stick there. He then turned around and bolted at his fastest speed, activating it right as he neared the end of his Spirit Weapon range.

Prime Skill—Gravity Bomb!

By employing the Mudropper's data, Inala derived this Prime Skill that seamlessly assimilated the effects of his Prana Bomb and Internal Inertial Gravity into a stable, practical ability.

"Argh!" He sprinted through the flight of stairs upon feeling a spike in Prana behind him. There was silence for an instant before a thunderous bang resounded through the area, causing shockwaves to tremor through the walls of the ship.

The walls of the ship were at least a metre thick, carefully refined and crafted by the Cooter Clan to withstand the fierce attacks from Pranic Beasts in the Dralh Sea. Now, on the wall where Inala stuck the Gravity Bomb was a gaping, two-metre-wide hole, causing the high-pressure water from the sea to flood inside.

As air was compressed to the limit within the Gravity Bomb, Prana was consumed every second to maintain it. Hence, the longer Inala waited to activate it, the greater the amount of Prana in it was consumed. Meaning, the weaker the resulting explosion.

After all, at the moment of explosion, gravity within it would be reversed, causing air to expand with such force it produced a powerful bang.

Moreover, he could only activate it when it was within his Spirit Weapon range. Otherwise, the Gravity Bomb would simply maintain the gravitational field in it until it ran out of Prana, following which, the compressed air would gush out of it.

It would simply generate a whistling sound as air leaks out of the Gravity Bomb through hundreds of holes, becoming a dud.

Hence, it was a dangerous ability that could only be activated in close quarters. But it was indeed perfect for blowing things up.

He was only able to develop a Gravity Bomb that could be controlled like a Spirit Weapon. In the future, he planned to upgrade it into a time bomb, landmine, etc. He was still lacking in data to develop it in that direction.

Water gushed into the ship, causing it to begin sinking little by little. And flooding in with the water were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts with small bodies. They rushed inside and spread throughout the ship's interior.

Inala continued to run up the floors, setting Gravity Bombs at opportune locations, causing water and Pranic Beasts to flood inside, filling up the floors.

Soon, he reached the topmost floor, staring at a group of Pranic Beasts in his way. They had sauntered in from the deck. His eyes observed them, tallying their strength, 'Four Beginner Iron Grade, six Intermediate Iron Grade, and one Advance Iron Grade.'

"Kic-kac-kic-kaac!" The closest Iron Grade Pranic Beast let out sharp-pitched cries similar to a dolphin and rushed at him, activating its Primary Nature that caused salt to build on his body, intending to constrict his movements. But an instant later, it screamed in pain, as its Prana was being absorbed through its ability.

With the Prana Bomb armour covering his body, Inala didn't have to worry about defence. He created four Prana Bombs and morphed them into Prana Hands. His body turned lithe as he leapt to the ceiling and ran as if it were flat ground.

His shoes used the Prana Bomb's ability to stick onto surfaces. He activated and deactivated them accordingly as he set foot. And with the aid of Internal Inertial Gravity, he was unaffected while moving topsy-turvy.

As he crossed the group of Pranic Beasts, his four Prana Hands grabbed them by their heads and dragged them forcefully, slamming them into the rest of the group. Screams resounded as the Prana Hands changed targets, absorbing Prana every time they remained in contact.

He dropped down from the ceiling, increasing his weight to the limit as he crushed the body of a Pranic Beast upon landing on it. With a kick, he splattered the head of another and twirled, slamming the group on the wall.

Their bodies trembled in pain as the Prana Hands latched onto them and absorbed their Prana. Inala paused as he stared at their stunned figures and patiently waited while his Prana reserves steadily recovered.

After using the Prana Blood Skill, he was able to absorb two to three Prana per second through a Prana Hand. With four of them, he needed less than two minutes to reach full capacity.

Following that, he killed them and dragged their corpses into a nearby room and filled it. Inala entered the pile of corpses and sat in the centre, waiting for the perfect moment to make his appearance.

Wittral had his puppet version. So, since he was keeping an eye on her, he would never expect an enemy to be in their midst, orchestrating this entire situation.

Pranic Beasts that entered the ship from the deck ran past this room that was close to the entrance. Upon seeing the pile of corpses and failing to find anyone alive, they rushed past, finding vacant rooms to occupy.

They wanted to run away from the expanding Sandy-Grey Void. The ship was the farthest from it. Therefore, they would be able to survive the longest while remaining here.

Soon, the number of Pranic Beasts entering the ship increased as they widened the holes Inala had blasted open and flooded inside. They fought for space in the ship, creating another bloody battle.

Soon, some entered Inala's room, fighting for the space there, all while unaware of his figure seated amidst the pile.

"How…did this happen?" Wittral swam through one of the flooded lower floors and approached the section of the wall that had been blasted, 'Which Pranic Beast has such brute power?'

[Let's head to the deck!]

Through the Water Slip Skill, Wittral communicated with the rest of the Cooter Clansmen he led, making their way to the deck of the sinking ship while he forged a path ahead.



Chapter 308 Relentless Clumped Fingers

Every second, approximately ten metres of the Dralh Sea was converted into the Sandy-Grey Void. From the vertex of the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon to its centre, where the ship was at, the distance measured to about 5.33 kilometres.

This equated to about nine minutes for the ship's location to become part of the Sandy-Grey Void. Of course, as the Sandy Grey Void spread from the vertices of the octagon, they spread across the surface first, with the depths taking a bit more time, since the sea bed was at a depth of two kilometres.

The effects of the Sandy-Grey Void unleashed by the Sandy-Grey Bombs would last for 24 hours. And the grey sand would be as potent as the one bordering Sumatra Continent.

Of course, if it was left to grow freely, it would consume a catastrophic volume of the Sumatra Continent within 24 hours. With a growth rate of 10 metres per second, if left to expand radially like a circle, it would grow to become a circle with a ginormous radius of 864 kilometres.

This was merely in the horizontal direction. If it were to develop in the vertically downward direction too, then the land was fucked. The crust would be messed up, turned into grey sand. And even after 24 hours, only the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void would vanish.

This region would be a desert with numerous quicksands. Moreover, since it ate into the crust and very easily the mantle too, it would be damn unstable, fraught with frequent volcanic activities as the pressurised magma in the mantle would erupt out from this zone.

Occupying an area of 5425 square kilometres, it would absolutely wreck the terrain. Hence, to prevent such a disaster, the Mudropper remained stubborn about two things in regard to creating the Sandy-Grey Bombs.

First of all, the effect of the Sandy-Grey Void would vanish after 24 hours. Following that, the region would merely be a desert. Secondly, the voracious expansion of the Sandy-Grey Void would only happen for ten minutes, following which, it would become stable like the Sandy-Grey Void Ring surrounding the Sanrey Plains.

It was why Inala made calculations and set the distance between the sides of the octagon to be four kilometres. This meant that at the end of ten minutes, a small portion of the Dralh Sea at the bottommost point, at the centre of the Sandy-Grey Void Octagon wouldn't become part of the Sandy-Grey Void.

It would still remain as part of the Dralh Sea.

And since the layer above it was the grey sand that was loose in nature, it would sink into the water, creating a small battleground that wasn't as treacherous as the Sandy-Grey Void but prevented an Empyrean Snapper from using its terrain dominance to its usual potency.

After all, when Prana comes into contact with the grey sand, it gets absorbed. Therefore, Wittral would have to expend an exponential amount of Prana than usual to control his surrounding land.

And that would create the perfect, advantageous ground for Inala to test himself against Wittral.

With every passing minute, the Sandy-Grey Void continued to approach the ship from all sides. As the liveable area shrunk, the Pranic Beasts became more and more violent, fighting for a spot on the ship.

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Clumped Finger!

There were three of them, taking refuge at one corner of the ship's deck as lying next to them were stiff figures, both Cooter Clansmen and Pranic Beasts alike. Something resembling a layer of dust had formed on them. And though it seemed to be a mere layer of dust, for some reason, none of the targets were able to break free.

Primary Nature—Imprison!

When activated, the Primary Nature of Imprison clumps particles of water or air onto a target and roots them to a specific spot, preventing them from moving. The only way to break out of it was either by sheer force, like using Internal Inertial Gravity, or by controlling the terrain that nullified the dust layer, like using Subtle Terrain Dominance.

Only someone at the Gold Grade could hope to break free. And even if they were to do so, the Clumped Finger could imprison them once again.

The Clumped Finger resembled an oyster, sporting a gelatinous body that was fragile to the touch, capable of being easily destroyed by even Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. To protect itself, the Clumped Finger used its Primary Nature to build a series of fingers that wrap around it gently like a protective shell.

These fingers number in the hundreds and behave like an extension of its body, able to attack in close range similar to how a human flexed his fingers. They can curl and lash out. When performed consecutively in the hundreds, a destructive force can be generated.

A Clumped Finger relies on its defensive strength to tank the opponent's attacks while using its Primary Nature to form a layer of dust on the target. When the target is no longer able to move, it approaches them and unfurls its fingers nonstop, unleashing a flurry of attacks that shatter the immobile creature's body.

This was the way a Clumped Finger hunted. And of course, despite their strength, they had many weaknesses. It took time to regenerate their fingers every time they were damaged in battle, since the material had to be accumulated from the sea.

If the quality of the material isn't up to par, the fingers would shatter easily. This was why the Clumped Fingers roamed in the outer zone of the Dralh Sea and bullied the Silver Grade and Iron Grade Pranic Beasts there, not daring to head towards the core zone of the Dralh Sea where there even existed small schools of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Is everyone alright?" Wittral shouted as he sent a group of Pranic Beasts flying with a tornado and charged out onto the deck, staring at the numerous deaths of his Clansmen in anger, "Come towards me!"

"Go! Go! Join Wittral!" The captain of the ship roared in response as the over four hundred Cooter Clansmen under him joined with Wittral, bringing their numbers close to 600. They had lost over four hundred in these short few minutes.

"Create a large cloud. Leave controlling it to me." Wittral shouted as he activated his Primary Nature to control the clouds generated by his people, creating a tornado of clouds that gradually expanded over the deck.

By now, most of the ship was underwater, with large walls of it cracking and falling apart thanks to Inala's Gravity Bombs. Hence, once the tornado formed, the deck began to crack in response, looking like it was about to collapse at any moment.

"Create a base!" At Wittral's shout, a group of Cooter Clansmen generated another cloud that was buoyant in nature, able to float on the sea like a boat. Everyone unanimously jumped onto it as the deck shattered.

Followed by a grunt, Wittral controlled the broken pieces of the ship, transforming them into blades that spun through the tornado, becoming a meat grinder that shredded apart any Pranic Beast that came close.

As the Sandy-Grey Void was almost upon them, Wittral intended to occupy the centre and push the Pranic Beasts away, forcing them to confront the Sandy-Grey Void with their bodies and die in the process.

Understanding that the tornado's expansion spelt their doom, the three Clumped Fingers activated their Primary Nature and combined their powers, causing a large number of dust, minerals, and dissolved salt in the Dralh Sea to fly into the tornado and stick onto its surface, weighing it down.

Wittral controlled the tornado as his Spirit Weapon while the three Clumped Fingers controlled the dust layer on the tornado as their Spirit Weapon. The tug of war lasted for less than twenty seconds before the tornado stopped spinning, turning still like a statue.

With a grunt from the three Clumped Fingers, the tornado collapsed upon the Cooter Clansmen, forcing them into the defensive. Immediately in response, the Pranic Beasts lunged at their throats.



Chapter 309 “The Climax Has Begun”

'It's time to make an appearance.' Inala thought as he swam through the water, breaking out of the pile of corpses in his sinking room as he swerved around large groups of Pranic Beasts.

He only wanted to make a short impression at the last moment possible. Only then would he succeed in his plan.

"Hah…haah!" Wittral gasped for breath as he swallowed a bunch of vials in a hurry to recover his Prana. He had been unleashing large-scale attacks one after another, but despite everything, there was an endless horde of Pranic Beasts.

Had he been in his Empyrean Snapper form at full maturity, the Dralh Sea Minor Crisis wouldn't have been this much of an issue.

He looked around, noticing the exhaustion of his Cooter Clansmen. Their numbers had dropped down to two hundred now and continued to reduce sharply. Most of the Cooter Clansmen had Iron Grade Natures. So, despite their strength being vastly superior to Free Humans of the same level, they were dropping like flies due to the endless horde.

Honestly, if Wittral hadn't been there, they would have been annihilated long ago. After all, the strength of a Minor Crisis was enough to wipe out an entire Mammoth Clan Settlement. The same held true for the Cooter Clan too.

'Is there a way to break out of this stalemate?' He glared at the Clumped Fingers and then stared at the figure of the Inala puppet in his possession. He slapped her on the cheek a few times, shouting upon seeing her wake up, "Are you able to supply us the Prana you steal?"

"Eh…ah, what is happening…" Inala puppet muttered in confusion before she noticed the approaching blanket of night, "Sandy-Grey Void?"

"I'll explain later. Can you, or can you not?" Wittral asked in a hurry, "Don't hide your abilities any longer."

"I…can." Inala hesitated for a moment before firming her mind. She landed on the cloud and stared at the Pranic Beasts put at a stalemate by a layer of clouds, "But I can't reach them like this. My ability only works through physical contact."

"No need to worry about that," Wittral said and unleashed his psychokinesis. But unlike the energy streams generated by all creatures when they controlled a Spirit Weapon through psychokinesis, Wittral's stream of Prana turned tangible.

It coiled around Inala puppet and carried her like a tentacle, bringing her toward a nearby Pranic Beast. Claws formed on her hands as she dug into the Pranic Beast and stole its Prana. Internally, within its lungs, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts gathered the Prana-rich liquid in the Prana Bombs.

Inala puppet grabbed a vial and poured the Prana-rich liquid into it, squirting it from her index finger. She quickly filled up a vial and threw it to Wittral, "It can recover 100 Prana."

"Awesome!" Wittral absorbed the Prana-rich liquid and was surprised to see it easily dissolve once he activated his Mystic Mist Art, recovering his Prana in a matter of seconds, 'As I thought. She has a lot of secrets. Her Human Avatar must be more special than she lets on.'

His eyes glowed as Wittral observed his surroundings, sensing the flow of everything as his Prana whip lashed out, very energy-efficient. It coiled around Inala puppet to defend her from Pranic Beast attacks and then whipped the targets.

It even wrapped around a Pranic Beast and tightened its coil like a python to crush it into pulp.

Minor Treasure—Water Flow Sense!

It was embedded in his left eye, but the power of Minor Treasure of Water Flow Sense was applied to both his eyes. It allowed him to understand and comprehend the most complex of water currents in an instant and immediately take advantage of them to raise his powers while dominating the water in his surroundings.

Minor Treasure—Wind Flow Sense.

It was pretty much the same as Water Flow Sense but applied to air. Combined, the two Minor Treasures synergistically allowed Wittral to use the currents of water and air in his surroundings to his advantage better. This way, he expended less Prana to unleash more devastating attacks.

Both these Minor Treasures were created through Cooter Clansmen who failed to become Transcendents. They were typically bestowed upon an Empyrean Snapper upon birth, allowing it to understand the flow of nature better.

As long as the Empyrean Snapper uses them enough, it'll gradually get accustomed to the process and will be able to instinctively take advantage of its terrain in the future, since the ability would become muscle memory by then.

And right before it takes on its Empyrean Snapper form, the two Minor Treasures would be extracted from its eyes and kept in safety by the Cooter Clan.

When Wittral was born, he similarly received these two Minor Treasures. But to save his life in dangerous situations, considering his value, the Cooter Clan bestowed upon him a third Minor Treasure.

Minor Treasure—Tangible Psychokinesis!

This was something discovered by the Cooter Clan when they raided a budding Free Human Empire in the past to gather Free Humans for their needs. They annihilated the Empire and captured its Free Human citizens as captives, eventually putting them to use as miners, continuing the tradition for thousands of years.

The Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis gave the energy wave of Prana—used to control a Spirit Weapon—a semi-solid form. It allowed the user to control it like a whip that heeded their every thought, acting as an extension of their Spirit Weapon.

It hardly consumed any Prana and was insanely energy-efficient. When pushed to the brink of danger, Wittral could rely upon it to buy enough time until his body generated more Prana by digesting the vials he downed.

"One more!" Inala puppet shouted and turned around, just about to throw a second vial towards Wittral when suddenly, the battle paused. None were able to move, feeling as if time had come to a stop.

When there were less than two hundred metres left between the Sandy-Grey Void and the ship, a pressure appeared as if the heavens came crashing down.

"Kieeek!"

"Kuaak!"

"Aieeee!"

All Pranic Beasts screeched in fear, dropping to their feet in submission, physically and mentally forced to do so.

"Keuk!" Wittral grunted as his eyes turned beet red. Blood leaked out of it as he glared at a certain figure that appeared beside the Inala puppet at some point in time. A gaze at the target, and Wittral felt like his head spun in response.

"Aargh!" Nurnur and Zakzak clutched their heads in pain while many others were on the verge of fainting. Everyone at the scene unanimously knew who the entity before them was. There only existed one creature on Sumatra Continent that could be this suffocatingly oppressive.

The Boar King!

"Why is a third party present in a game I created with care?" The figure said and grabbed Inala puppet by the neck, causing her body to shrink in response. Following that, he casually chucked it into his mouth, munched twice, and swallowed, commenting, "That's better."

"Okay," He clapped and stared at the Cooter Clansmen and the Pranic Beasts, "We're approaching the climax. So, I'll explain the rules."

Saying so, he took out a Prana Bomb that unleashed the same Prana signature as himself, "This is a Minor Treasure I personally created."

"The one that wins this fight becomes its owner." He said and eyed Wittral and the three Clumped Fingers, "Also, once you win, I'll bring you to safety outside this Sandy-Grey Void. It has expanded to become large enough that only I can cross it."

"Time is ticking." Saying so, the figure leaped into the Sandy-Grey Void right as it was about to touch the ship, "The side that annihilates the other becomes the winner and lives. I pronounce the climax,"

"Has begun!"



Chapter 310 Among Us: To the End!

"Get ready, Nurnur." Prana surged through Wittral as he became battle-ready, "We have no other choice but to heed his order. It's impossible to escape from this place otherwise."

"What if he…" Nurnur was unable to continue her sentence. She was afraid the Boar King would swallow Wittral for his Primary Nature.

"He would have done it already if he wanted to do so." Wittral sighed, "I'm pretty sure he's aware of my identity. We don't know his objective, but playing this game is our only choice."

As their surroundings began to darken, Wittral glared at the Pranic Beasts, "Besides, we were killing each other anyway. Let's just see it through to the end now!"

"To the end!" Nurnur shouted and erected a jet-black cloud that spewed waves of heat at the Pranic Beasts.

"To the end!" Zakzak echoed in response and combined his powers with Nurnur and amplified the heat waves, causing a pungent scent to waft out.

"Remain in Wittral's proximity and give everything you got!" The captain shouted and split his body into five to protectively stand around Wittral while launching attacks on a Clumped Finger. "To the end!"

Time was running out as their surroundings fully darkened. The entire area became part of the Sandy-Grey Void, beginning to gradually assimilate them into it.

The cloudy layer forming their foothold began to rapidly melt and turn into grey sand as the Cooter Clansmen were alarmed. In response, they attacked faster, wishing to kill the Pranic Beasts as quickly as possible so that the Boar King could bring them out.

A sense of urgency had been created as a result, causing both sides to clobber into each other with maddened states.

"Argh!" Blood leaked out of his orifices as Wittral forcefully used his Primary Nature on the grey sand. At the mere contact, most of his Prana was consumed, since he was trying to control the grey sand as part of his Spirit Weapon.

With a grunt, he unleashed a tsunami of grey sand, causing it to spill all over the Pranic Beasts, eliciting endless screams. But due to the nature of the Sandy-Grey Void, it was deathly silent.

The Cooter Clansmen felt like they were launching attacks into the void, for there was no sound. They had to rely on their Prana senses to determine that there were others around in the area, both friends and foes.

At the ten-minute mark, the Sandy-Grey Void abruptly stopped expanding, beginning to stabilise. But at the centre, there was water underneath the layer of grey sand that expanded to a depth of 600-1000 metres.

The loose grey sand was heavier than water and hence began to sink into the latter.

"Thanks!" Nurnur shouted upon being imprisoned by the Primary Nature of the Clumped Fingers. Wittral sprinkled some grey sand on the layer of dust coating her and destroyed it, allowing her to break free.

She then charged towards the closest Clumped Finger, launching attacks recklessly, uncaring if she were to die.

She left behind a body beside Wittral. As long as that survived, she could recultivate. Besides, protecting Wittral took the utmost priority.

The cloudy layer was fully consumed, causing everyone to set foot on the unstable grey sand. As large volumes of it were sinking into the Dralh Sea, some of them suddenly fell through, not leaking a sound after that.

Both Cooter Clansmen and Pranic Beasts were in the same state, being consumed as they drowned in the mixture of water and grey sand. On the sinking corpses of Pranic Beasts hovered miniature Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

And connected to them through an energy stream of Prana was Inala, standing at the edge of his Spirit Weapon range. He used two Empyrean Zinger Scouts to monitor Wittral. They couldn't see or hear anything but were able to sense Wittral's state through their Prana senses.

Of course, Wittral would notice them when they did that, killing them in response. A couple seconds later, another scout would take its place. By expending the lives of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts, Inala kept tabs on Wittral, ensuring any variable, if it were to arise, wouldn't upset his plans.

Gently resting on the grey sand was a hollow cylinder, spanning a length of 10 metres and a radius of four centimetres. Holding it at the top with one hand to hover was Inala, having reduced his weight to the minimum.

The cylinder too was weightless, hence it wasn't pulled into the grey sand as quickly as others. This meant it was being consumed at a slower rate. And whenever its height was reduced to nine metres, Inala condensed a Prana Bomb at the top to recover its height to ten metres.

His hand would then shift to hold at its top end and dangle from there, expending minimal Prana even in such a dangerous location. Without the Mudropper's data, he wouldn't have been this calm.

The Sandy-Grey Void wasn't uniformly dangerous. Though slow, the loose grey sand slowly moved through the region, creating a concentration difference. Eventually, areas formed on the Sandy-Grey Void that were less treacherous than others.

The Mammoth Clan of the past used such safe areas to forge a path to another continent. The Boar King too instinctively made use of such paths to take advantage of the Sandy-Grey Void during his early days.

With the Mudropper's data, Inala was able to detect such areas and camp there in safety while observing the battle taking place.

As the grey sand in the ship's area collapsed into the water, Wittral had an easier time, with some of the water from the Dralh Sea surfacing. There were particles of grey sand covering it, causing a sharper drain on his Prana.

But using it, he was able to harm the opponents with greater effectiveness, using his everything to seep the grey sand into their bodies and cause their destruction from within.

The battle raged for close to eight minutes, at the end of which, the last of the Clumped Finger breathed its last, bursting to spill out a pile of grey sand.

"We…won!" Nurnur lost all strength in her legs, gasping in exhaustion as she was completely drained of Prana. She had lost two bodies in the final stretch, which was a lot better than she had thought. Wittral's usage of the seawater mixed with grey sand was a turnaround for their side.

"H-How many of us survived?" She asked but didn't receive a reply as none could hear her. She flailed her hands around in the dark until someone caught her, giving her a vial.

There were barely a couple of drops of medicine left in the vial as Nurnur consumed it to generate barely enough Prana to activate her Prana senses, "Zakzak!"

She also sensed Wittral safe and secure in Zakzak's embrace, having fallen unconscious. Zakzak had two bodies left, both positioned on either side of Wittral, protecting him. Nurnur expanded her senses further to notice fourteen others had survived.

"Zakzak! We survived! We can leave now…" Nurnur shouted in excitement as she approached Zakzak, only to be met with a splash of warm blood on her face. A blade peeked out from his neck, the cause being a Cooter Clansman right behind him.

He was part of the group dispatched to Fral Island and the most familiar to Wittral among the Cooter Clansmen on the ship. Hence, he, along with his comrades from the Fral Island formed the group closest to Wittral, acting as his secondary protection, with quite a few of them losing their lives in the fight before.

But now, this secondary protection betrayed them at their most unexpected moment. The sneak attack targeted both of Zakzak's bodies first, since he had the most amount of Prana among the survivors.

"W-What is happening?" Nurnur was momentarily flustered, intending to retaliate. But suddenly, the Boar King's presence washed over her, dulling her reaction, during which, a blade pierced her neck.



