Chapter 251 Keeping Up Appearances

With a max Prana capacity of 1172 at maturity and a lifespan of 90 years, Bludders were an annoying bunch. Since they were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, they had insane fertility, capable of ballooning their numbers to terrifying levels in a short time frame.

As Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, they were the strongest in their Grade. When a Bludder activates its Primary Nature of Eddy Blade, Prana would surge into its body, accumulating as its body continues to rotate.

This rotation helps hasten the transfer of Prana from its Spirit Container to the respective location on its body, hence possessing one of the fastest Prana accumulation rates on Sumatra Continent.

Close to 300 Prana was consumed during an attack, as the Eddy Blades would be strengthened to the limit, not to mention making them vibrate at a very high frequency upon contact. As it was a highly taxing process, the Bludder always went in for the kill.

Inala barely managed to react and hence managed to evade, only losing his arm in the process. He was honestly shocked to see his Prana Bombs being slashed through like they were paper.

Well, it made sense when comparing their Prana consumption. Even though a Prana Bomb could absorb and store 100 Prana in itself, it only took Inala ten Prana to create a Prana Bomb. Hence, Prana Bombs were a low-effort item.

Even though it was tough, the source of its creation was only ten Prana. Therefore, it had obvious limits when coming face to face with an Eddy Blade condensed using 300 Prana.

"I'll leave the defence to you," Inala said to Gannala as he used Internal Inertial Gravity to wary his body's centre of mass, as a result dancing during his free-fall like a butterfly, making it a bit harder for the Bludders to aim for him.

Four Prana Bombs revolved around him like satellites, acting as the first layer of defence.

"Haaap!" He glared deeper into the tunnel and radiated a stream of Prana in that direction, sensing Asaeya's figure at the end, protected by the Mystic Eater. He became nervous when a Bludder leapt towards her.

But in response, the Mystic Eater shot a jet-black substance. A smaller Mystic Eater was birthed through it as it slammed into the Bludder and got shredded into bits. The bits dissolved into jet-black ink and condensed into tiny Mystic Eaters that burrowed into the Bludder's body, reaching its heart.

Their actions flustered it, as a result causing it to unfurl itself, ending up missing Asaeya as a result. It had deactivated its Eddy Blade and landed on the tunnel wall, burrowing through a hole and focused on treating itself.

The Mystic Eaters plaguing its body were killed by tiny Eddy Blades. But right as it killed the last of them, the Mystic Eater coiling around Asaeya shot forth and stabbed into its chest, consuming its Spirit Container.

It then retreated and digested the Spirit Container to replenish its Prana, regenerating its body following that.

'Ok, it can manage itself for now.' Observing the state of things, Inala let go of his worry. He could focus on bridging the gap without any stress.

Four bone hands flew around like insects and slammed into the tunnel walls with force, having become heavy. The impacts caused the tunnel walls to tremor, making it a bit harder for the Bludders to accelerate.

"Aah!" Gannala unleashed a fierce scream, causing shockwaves to boom out of her mouth and traverse throughout the tunnel. The soundwaves bounced off the tunnel walls and continued to echo through it, making the Bludders tremble in response as their ears burst.

[Talk to me like this. My ears went kaput.]

Inala conversed with Gannala through a bone slip as he felt lightheaded. Blood burst out of his ears even though he protected himself. Soundwaves were unable to travel only in a vacuum. Hence, even if he covered his ears with layers of Prana Bombs, the sound still travelled through them and reached his ears.

[Sorry Dad, I was focusing more on catching them off guard.]

Gannala then inhaled a deep breath of air and exhaled with force, creating a tornado that occupied the tunnel, forming a barrier between them and the Bludders.

By turning their bodies heavy, Inala and Gannala fell through the tornado's funnel, finding it hard to breathe due to the lack of air there. Thankfully, they increased the capacity in their lungs beforehand, hence being able to travel without any issues.

[Inala! We're close!]

The last Empyrean Zinger along the path said. It was the one that had jumped into the tunnel first to chase after Asaeya, being at the forefront all along and had succeeded in keeping an eye on her.

The Empyrean Zinger approached Inala and landed on his head in its miniature form. By transforming its stomach into a biome, it swallowed the bunch of Prana Bombs and a Life Bomb given to it by him.

"The fastest way to kill the Mystic Eater is by stealing its Prana." Gannala accessed Orakha's information and infused a plan of action in a Bone Slip, feeding it to the Empyrean Zinger.

Stage 1—Jaw!

"Go!" Once it was ready, Inala threw the Empyrean Zinger with all his strength, watching it make a beeline towards Asaeya.

The Mystic Eater detected its approach and tried to accelerate Asaeya's free fall. But as the Empyrean Zinger increased its body density in its miniature form, the air resistance it felt was minimal as it glided towards Asaeya quickly.

Primary Nature—Prana Bomb!

The Empyrean Zinger hurled dozens of Prana Bombs at Asaeya, causing them to latch onto the latter. When the Mystic Eater tried to consume the minerals of a Prana Bomb, it lost Prana upon contact.

The Empyrean Zinger used Mystic Bone Art to transform the Prana Bombs into Prana Hands, causing them to roam all over Asaeya's figure to consume Prana nonstop.

The Mystic Eater retaliated in response, consuming Prana from time to time, but its losses outweighed its gains as the Empyrean Zinger was controlling four Prana Hands simultaneously.

The Mystic Eater continued to shrink in size when a Prana Hand grabbed it by the neck and crushed its body after absorbing all its Prana. Without Prana, it couldn't regenerate its body and ended up dissipating.

The fight barely took a couple of minutes as the Empyrean Zinger landed on Asaeya and opened her mouth, pouring the contents of a Life Bomb and a few Prana Bombs. Her body activated Mystic Bone Art and naturally digested the contents.

A minute later, her eyes shot open, having recovered significantly. By emitting Prana, she detected the Empyrean Zinger perched on her body, observing a mild change in its behaviour, becoming giddy in response, 'Inala is here!'

'Wait, shit!' Her mind regained absolute clarity as she sniffed herself, only now noticing the stench she was emanating, 'Not like this, no!'

Prana billowed out of her body and cleaned her up. This was a casual technique taught to everyone at the Mammoth Clan's Academy of Refinement. It was how Mammoth Clansmen maintained their hygiene. The process barely consumed a Prana if someone was very messy. Otherwise, it wouldn't even consume that.

Asaeya went overboard and burnt through 200 Prana for the same, looking like she had been taking a bath nonstop for a month. An aromatic scent wafted out of her as she finished tiding her hair and even changed her clothes.

Looking fresh, she took out a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a spear and stabbed it into the tunnel walls, using the friction to decelerate. She then swung around it and pole vaulted upward, chirping in joy as she leapt into Inala's embrace, "You're back!"



Chapter 252 Accessing Orakha’s Data

"Inala! You're back!" Asaeya said as she tightened her hug, "I missed you a lot!"

"Are you alright?" Inala asked as he observed her condition, for a moment surprised to see that she wasn't in the least harmed. Her mental state too seemed optimal at first glance, 'What is happening now?'

'I'll think of it later.' He thought and stared at her, "Let's head out first."

"Okay," Asaeya said as she clapped once, stealing the senses of the Bludders in her vicinity.

Carrying Asaeya and Gannala, Inala landed on the tunnel wall, using his claws to dig into it, and leaped, covering the tunnel width to latch onto the opposite side.

His figure flickered between the two sides of the tunnel wall as he traversed the tunnel, gradually moving upward. One after another, the falling Empyrean Zingers turned their bodies weightless and assumed miniature forms as they landed on his head, serving as his protectors.

The moment a Bludder peeked into the tunnel, its senses were robbed, following which a bunch of Prana Bombs slammed into its face.

"Kiek!"

"Kuak!"

"Why are you taking up my space?"

"Your space? I was here first! Go away, invader!"

Inala felt a headache as hanging on his right was Gannala and on his left was Asaeya, constantly arguing in his ears. They did nothing other than defend him from the Bludders and Shifting Ants. It wasn't limited to them.

The Empyrean Zingers were even worse. It had been close to a year since they were separated. Hence, they wanted to be with their Deity.

Upon assuming miniature forms, the Empyrean Zingers were in a festive mood, chirping about all over his back, legs, and head. Moreover, after observing the exchange between Gannala and Asaeya, they began to argue amongst themselves about who would occupy which portion of Inala.

His eyelids twitched in annoyance as Inala continued to climb up the walls. He was the one doing the hard work while the others relaxed and had enough freedom to argue incessantly. 'My arms are starting to hurt.'

Gannala read his thoughts and glared at Asaeya, "Inala's hands are hurting because of you. Why are you so heavy, you glutton?"

"Glutton? I'm a glutton?" Asaeya raged, "You swallowed an entire hill just a few days ago. If anything, you're the picture-perfect representation of a glutton. Deactivate your Primary Nature for a second, will you? The truth will be revealed,"

"Empyrean Piglet!"

"You're going overboard!" Gannala raged and shed tears before hounding Inala, "This cranky woman is a nuisance, Inala. Let's send her back to her Settlement."

"Cranky? How dare you?" Asaeya glared and stole Gannala's senses, making a poor Empyrean Zinger the victim to take the fall in response.

"Enough!" Inala shouted in the end as he leaped from a tunnel wall and almost slipped in response, "Let me focus."

"Sorry," Asaeya apologised and stealthily pinched Gannala. The latter retaliated with the same and soon enough, they were no longer being subtle about it.

The Empyrean Zingers were watching their fight while sipping on a Prana Bomb, casually commenting about it while even making bets. Of course, as they were witnessing everything, Inala knew what was happening by reading their memories.

Everyone knew that he had a clear picture of everything but still acted ignorant.

'I give up!' Inala thought in frustration and switched off his mind, mechanically climbing up the tunnel. They fell for a long time at an accelerated pace.

Since he was going against gravity, the only way to scale up the path was by climbing over the tunnel wall. It would take Inala forever to reach the entrance. It was riskier to unleash thrusts using his Sumatra Canon to move up, for the moment a tunnel swaps, he would end up trapped somewhere far away from his destination.

That would waste even more time. Hence, it was better to climb over slowly, for he had more control in that case.

"Gannala, give me access." Inala used a bunch of Prana Bombs to create a large platform to stand upon, with its shaft inserted into the tunnel wall for support. He rested his aching arms and closed his eyes while touching Gannala.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

Inala arrived within Gannala's mind space and stared at the voluminous data clusters. Most of them seemed rigid as Gannala hadn't yet grown enough to access them.

He focused on the data clusters that were faintly whirring, implying that they were part of Gannala's active mind. With a thought from him, Inala's body in the mind space moved and appeared before a large information cluster.

This cluster contained all of Orakha's data that Gannala had absorbed just recently.

Usually, an Empyrean Tusk would only absorb necessary information from its Mammoth Clan to avoid an information overload. Gannala ended up absorbing all of Orakha's information because he was a valuable character.

It was also in an effort to better understand the previous Gannala's arrangements.

Through the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill, Inala began to absorb Orakha's data, stopping every time his head hurt. There was a lot to absorb and couldn't be done in a short time. 'I have a lot to absorb now.'

The data from Lurt, Gudora, Fhoong Brimgan, Millinger, Mudropper, Empyrean Zinger, and Orakha. All were pivotal for his growth and hence couldn't be skipped.

After every two to three hours, Inala rested by creating a Prana Bomb platform to stand upon. He rested for ten to fifteen minutes and spent the time absorbing Orakha's data. Having an Empyrean Tusk daughter was very convenient for him, since through her, he could pretty much have unfiltered access to all her Mammoth Clansmen.

The Empyrean Slip Prime Skill existed for just that. It worked only when the targeted Empyrean Tusk granted him access. But that wasn't an issue with Gannala as she always gave him access to her mind space.

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

Secondary Nature—Daily Checkpoint!

Tertiary Nature—Mystic Eater!

Upon understanding Orakha's three Natures, Inala was glad he didn't fight Orakha, 'That would have turned bad.'

Through Mystic Eater, Orakha would be able to steal the Sumatra Gold in his possession. That was dangerous and would mess up what he had worked so hard to create.

Besides, with Daily Checkpoint, it was impossible to kill Orakha. He would just revive after getting killed. Even though he could only revive once a day, as long as Orakha fled for a day after revival until the Secondary Nature came online, he could fight without worries once again.

Orakha could court death once daily, an ultimately annoying opponent to deal with. If he so wanted, he could harass Inala endlessly and gradually make the latter expend all his resources.

Besides, upon knowing the type of Human Avatar that Orakha was building, Inala swiftly got rid of any thoughts of opposing Orakha, 'He's only weaker than Resha. He's not at a level I can deal with yet.'

'I need to condense the data in my possession and harness a set of powerful combat abilities.' Inala couldn't use his trump card to deal with Orakha. Yes, by using it, he would be able to kill Orakha, but the latter would simply revive and return.

Hence, he needed to work harder to ensure even his base level of power was strong enough to face Orakha, 'But at this rate, it'll be hard. He's steadily building a Gold Grade Human Avatar. And if he comes in possession of some Sumatra Gold, he'll be able to build a Mystic Grade Human Avatar.'

Inala sighed, 'Without the Attribute, I won't be on his level anytime soon.'

Eighty days later, an exhausted Inala crawled to the entrance of Guna Caves, gasping in relief upon staring at the outside world, relieved when his eyes stung at the sunlight. "I'm never going back there ever again!"



Chapter 253 Sumatra Ship

Climbing out took him eighty days, especially since the Shifting Ants made a mess all the time by shifting the tunnels. As a result, either Inala had to climb up in a new tunnel or drill a way to the old tunnel.

Staring at the evening sky, he slumped at the entrance to Guna Caves, waiting patiently for his eyes to adjust to the ambient light. 'Damn Orakha. He made me waste eighty days.'

Orakha's original intention, based on his memories was to waste at least a few years of Inala's time. But he had underestimated Inala's abilities and hence was only able to delay him by eighty days.

Well, these eighty days weren't a waste, since Inala spent the time understanding the various data clusters he had obtained.

"Dad, when are we leaving?" Gannala asked as she grabbed a tree hanging from the cliff and munched on it casually, producing loud crunching sounds.

"Empyrean Piglet," Asaeya muttered under her breath upon seeing Gannala devour a twenty-metre-tall tree within a minute.

"Tomorrow," Saying so, Inala slumped on the ground and fell asleep. He also shooed away the Empyrean Zingers, telling them to keep themselves busy and not disturb him.

Once he closed his eyes, Inala activated Mystic Bone Art, observing the influence of his Tertiary Nature plateauing accordingly. He took some time to inspect himself, 'My thought process has changed a lot without my realisation.'

The dice had been rolled. His three Natures were permanent. Hence, either Inala adapted to their influence or suffered from conflicting thoughts. 'I need to find the perfect balance to remain myself between the three Influences.'

If his mind—character, behaviour, and disposition—was like a river, then the three Natures were rainclouds feeding into the river. Whenever they rained, the river was affected accordingly.

Its composition would change, the currents would grow stronger, its meandering path would be affected, and the tide levels would also morph accordingly. As long as Inala maintained the river's functional integrity, then even after the changes, he would remain himself.

A vastly changed man, yes. But that would still be him as Inala.

As he continued to ponder, Inala fell deep asleep at some point in time. Right as he had done so, Asaeya's eyes glinted bloodthirstily as she stared outside and observed some Pranic Beasts loitering about.

She clapped once and laughed upon seeing them trip and fall once they lost their sense of balance.

'She lost it again.' Gannala thought as she stared at Asaeya.

For the past eighty days, Asaeya acted like she was completely fine before Inala. And now that he was asleep, she showed her true, influenced self, messing with the Pranic Beasts just because she could do so.

'But still,' Gannala concluded after some observation, 'Her condition is better than when she lived alone with me. It seems her ego keeps the influence in check because she wants to put on her best behaviour before Inala.'

'I can use this to control the influence on her.' Gannala smiled as she crept behind Asaeya and whispered, "Dad isn't asleep yet."

"Kekekeke…eh?" Asaeya stopped laughing as her maddened state vanished like it was never there in the first place. She casually took out a slab of bone from her Storage Lantern and began to draw on it, behaving like an artist in thought, deeply inspired by the evening landscape.

Since Inala had the Sumatra Lantern, he told Asaeya to keep the Four-Storey Storage Lantern—originally his—with her. She was happy about the arrangement as she stored a lot of 'stuff' in it.

Inala woke up the next day and felt refreshed. He consumed the fluid in a Prana Bomb and satiated himself. Following that, he created a Bone Slip and gave it to the Empyrean Zinger Queen, "It's time for you to leave for the Dieng Canyon."

[I don't want to!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen protested by landing on his head and pulling his hair.

"You're the only one capable of birthing Empyrean Zingers. The three Zinger Queens controlling the Dieng Canyon would happily become subservient to you, since you're their superior in terms of evolution." Inala said, "Controlling the Dieng Canyon is a necessity to kill the Boar King. You know that, right?"

[Can't I come with you? I'll just create Empyrean Zingers as we travel.]

"It's hard for Zingers to live in terrains unsuited for their growth." Inala shook his head, "You wouldn't be able to realise your potential."

"I'll come visit you later," Inala patted the Empyrean Zinger Queen who squealed in sadness. "Become the Dieng Canyon's Ruler by then."

"Take all the Empyrean Zingers with you."

[…Okay!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen was sad to leave but it obediently listened to his words. Other than the Empyrean Zinger King and four Empyrean Zinger Commanders necessary to steer Inala's Sumatra Ship, the Empyrean Zinger Queen gathered the remaining Empyrean Zingers and began to migrate towards the Dieng Canyon.

There were over five thousand of them, of which, six hundred were Mutated Empyrean Zingers created by Inala while the rest were regular Empyrean Zingers created by the queen. They formed an army and under the Empyrean Zinger Queen's lead, began to glide towards the Dieng Canyon.

It would take them a few years just to make the journey. To fully integrate into the Dieng Canyon's political sphere of Zingers would take even longer.

'You'll succeed.' Inala thought as he bode them farewell. He then turned around to stare at the Empyrean Zinger King and four Empyrean Zinger Commanders, "Let's leave now."

Inala took out a fist-sized object slung at the side of his hip and threw it. The object hovered in the air as his Spirit Weapon and gradually increased in size, soon reaching a length of twelve metres.

Shaped like a serpent, sporting large, moving compartments like a train, but closely connected was the ivory transport covered by a dense pattern of gold. It was Inala's Sumatra Ship, a Spirit Weapon that would grow in strength and size as his cultivation improved.

He would have to feed it his Prana regularly to refine it, similar to cultivation. The Sumatra Ship would correspondingly grow stronger. Each of its segmented compartments sported fins along the trailing edges, displaying tiny nozzles through which compressed air gushed out.

That was how it generated the thrust necessary to accelerate. As it was completely modelled after a serpent, it would wriggle its body and slither forward. With its insides enveloped by Internal Inertial Gravity, its weight could be controlled accordingly to ensure it was light and consumed less power while moving.

The Sumatra Ship's tail dug into the cliff walls, propping the rest of its body up. Its serpentine face stopped before the cave's entrance and opened its mouth, "Let's head inside."

The five Empyrean Zingers perched on his head as Inala accompanied Gannala and Asaeya to enter the Sumatra Ship. The serpent closed its mouth immediately after.

The inside was a long tube, spanning three metres in diameter, decently spacious enough. Other than slots necessary for Prana Bombs to be inserted, there was nothing else inside, plain in appearance.

"Inala, why isn't there anything inside here?" Asaeya expressed her confusion as she looked around, "This looks no different from a Storage Lantern. With such a huge space inside, you could totally use it to store all sorts of goods."

"It looks like a Storage Lantern, but doesn't have the property of one." Inala shook his head, "When this shrinks, it would eject all external objects, down to dust and air. Therefore, nothing can be stored in here."

"My Sumatra Ship is meant solely for travelling."



Chapter 254 Entering the Red-Draft River

Inala took a seat on the floor towards the front section of the Sumatra Ship, dispersing the four Empyrean Zinger Commanders throughout it.

The first Empyrean Zinger Commander entered a nozzle at the head and sat within a spherical glass container, acting as the eyes of the ship. This glass was refined using grey sand by the Mudropper and was tremendously tough.

Inala's full-powered punch using Internal Inertial Gravity failed to even dent it. Hence, it was safe to be posted there.

The second Empyrean Zinger Commander entered a compartment within the ship's interior, situated along its stomach section. Within it was the lungs that constantly inhaled air from the outside, compressed and stored it.

As the ship moves, these lungs release the compressed air through all the vents in a calculated order, thereby helping the ship accelerate in its slithering motion.

The third Empyrean Zinger Commander entered the store room where Inala spilled out a bunch of Prana Bombs. From time to time, it fed a Prana Bomb into a mouth part in the room, one resembling Inala's jaws.

The jaw crunched on the Prana Bomb and generated Prana for the lungs to use for compressing air. This third Empyrean Zinger Commander was in charge until the stomach region finished digesting the fluid in the Prana Bomb and transformed it into Prana.

The final Empyrean Zinger was positioned in the tail section where it gathered the Prana Bomb shells shat out by the ship's digestive system. It used Mystic Bone Art to refine the shells into liquid form and pour them into a large reservoir.

This reservoir would be used to heal any damage sustained by the Sumatra Ship during its travels. And any excess would be shat out.

Of the Sumatra Ship's length of twelve metres, the first two metres were reserved for the head, mouth, and the necessary gear mechanisms that actuated its motion.

Following that was the cabin, spanning a length of three metres. This was where Inala, Asaeya, and Gannala sat, the only location in the ship for passengers.

The next five metres was the engine room, containing both the ship's digestive system, storage, and the gear mechanisms necessary for it to move. The final two metres contained the reservoir.

This was its current split, the minimum most length necessary for it to operate functionally and transport people. As Inala's strength grows, the ship's length increases. By then, the passenger compartment would be longer and be able to hold more people.

Since it had been fused with a Sumatra Gold, the ship's functions remained stable. The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity coursed through it. Therefore, neither the structure nor the people experienced any shock as the Sumatra Ship traversed through the rough terrain.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Inala extended four energy streams of Prana and connected with the four Empyrean Zinger Commanders, treating them as Spirit Weapons as his Tertiary Nature became active. Through it, he was able to have overall control of the ship's workings.

Thanks to that, they were able to coordinate.

With a thought from him, the Sumatra Ship weaved through a row of trees. It was his Spirit weapon, but unlike other Spirit Weapons where he needed to control them completely, not to mention bear its weight and the mental load associated with controlling it complexly, it was easy to control the Sumatra Ship.

After all, with a thought from him, compressed air would gush out of the vents, generating the necessary force for it to move. So, he wasn't actually moving such a large body.

Besides, all the fine controls were left to his Empyrean Zinger Commanders, since upon activating their Puppetry Skill, they too could control four Spirit Weapons each. Hence, they were the ones multitasking to make the ship move.

Inala had designed the Sumatra Ship in such a way that it could be easily controlled with the help of four Empyrean Zingers. He only had to act like the ship's captain and delve out instructions when necessary.

The Empyrean Zinger Commanders were Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, possessing intelligence on par with a human. Hence, they knew what to do on their own.

Inala's input was only necessary when an unaccounted-for situation cropped up.

"Isn't this amazing?" He stared at Gannala and Asaeya with pride, boasting, "I refined this alongside the Mudropper. This is the only one of its kind in our continent."

"Oh, also." He said all of a sudden and took out a box from his pocket.

"Are you making a proposal…" Asaeya blurted out subconsciously as she became excited.

"This is the Inhibition Needle!" Gannala interrupted her and grabbed her Inhibition Needle from the box. She stabbed it on her forehead and activated Mystic Bone Art, watching it merge into her skull. Immediately in response, her presence began to resemble that of a Free Human, "This is amazing, Dad!"

"Right?" Inala grinned and gave the last Inhibition Needle to Asaeya, "With this, we wouldn't have to worry about living in the Brimgan Empire."

"Is that so…?" Asaeya muttered as she picked up the Inhibition Needle, a tad disappointed. But once she stabbed it in her forehead and watched it merge into her skull, she felt some clarity in her mind, "Wait, how is this possible?"

"It forcefully suppresses your instincts and tendencies as a Mammoth Clansman." Inala said, "Just hiding our presence isn't enough. We'll still react favourably at the sight…forget sight. Even a mere mention of an Empyrean Tusk gets us going. If not Mammoth Clansmen, we'll be labelled Empyrean Tusk worshippers."

"The Brimgan Empire has labelled Empyrean Tusk worship as taboo."

While the Sumatra Ship continued to travel through the plains surrounding the Guna Caves, the Empyrean Zinger Commander fed it the Prana Bomb that had absorbed a Millinger's Prana.

The ship's digestive system didn't consume this one but instead retained it and began emitting the presence of a Milliner. As a result, no Iron Grade Pranic Beast dared come close to the Sumatra Ship.

Even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts hesitated, not knowing what this massive beast of ivory was. The presence of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast radiating from it caused them to keep their distance. That was why travelling on the Sumatra Ship was safe.

It was what Inala had created with careful consideration to travel Sumatra Continent in the future. Not only was it safe, but it was also fast, capable of reaching speeds up to forty kilometres an hour on even rough terrains.

Capable of moving on all land terrains, the Sumatra Ship could also sail on water. Moreover, during dire situations, it could even glide in the air for short distances. Of course, Inala paid extra care on this part to ensure the Sumatra Ship's gliding speed continued to decrease once it began gliding, hence not being registered as flying.

He didn't want that mysterious creature that had banned flying to destroy his ship.

It was peaceful within the ship, a hard task to achieve in the dangerous wilds of Sumatra Continent. Based on the information he obtained, Inala set a course through regions only with Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

Two weeks of journey later, the Sumatra Ship reached the Red-Draft River, a river whose breadth surpassed two hundred kilometres, almost on the level of a sea. It had rough tides, at the mere sight of which, Inala turned nervous, 'There are plenty of dangerous Pranic Beasts in the Red-Draft River.'

Most of the regions built around the banks of the Red-Draft River were territories of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Hence, the Sumatra Ship's Gold Grade Pranic Beast presence would be treated as an invitation to war.

The only way to avoid it was by travelling on the Red-Draft River itself. 'There's no other choice.'

'This is the only way to our destination.' With a thought from him, the Prana Bomb emanating the Millinger's presence was changed to Fhoong Brimgan's.

"Be ready," Inala said as his Sumatra Ship entered the river water immediately after.



Chapter 255 Internal Astral Cultivator

Eighty days before Inala entered the Red-Draft River. The contest for stealing the Centinger eggs began.

Virala exited his room, having slung three One-Storey Storage Lanterns on his hip. The first One-Storey Storage Lantern held all his Nature Weapons. The second Storage Lantern held Parute Fruits and medicine.

The final Storage Lantern was the most important of them all, his most prized possession. It contained the sphere resulting from the previous Harrala's suicide along with the Boar King.

He had finished turning it into his Nature Weapon only a few days ago, the reason he became arrogant enough to confront Resha without hesitation.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Refiner!

Each Nature Weapon contained the power of a Nature in it. When wielding it, Virala could use the Nature within the Nature Weapon at seventy-five percent potency of the original.

The Nature Weapons were graded according to the Grade of their source Natures. The Nature Weapon he got from weaponizing Ruvva was a Gold Nature Weapon with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Virala named these Nature Weapons for convenience, using Mystic Bone Art to inscribe the names onto the spheres they represented. This was for ease of convenience, as many Nature Weapons looked similar, especially after he equipped them a few times.

He could easily tell them apart once he activated his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, but during an intense battle, that would cost him a few seconds if he had to juggle through the Nature Weapons to find the right one.

Hence, he created an easily identifiable imprint on all of them.

Gold Nature Weapon—Tusk!

This was the Nature Weapon with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity. The Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner was the one resulting from the fusion of the Boar King's body with the bodies of the previous Harrala and previous Gannala.

Nature—Internal Astral Cultivator!

This was the power contained in the Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner, a result of the fusion of all Natures possessed by the Boar King, an Empyrean Tusk, and the Supreme Tusk.

Internal Astral Cultivator was capable of elevating the Grade of a Nature. Yes, you heard it right. By using it, a Nature could be cultivated all the way to the Mystic Grade.

However, this had a severe limitation and was a time-consuming process. The limitation was the fact that the Nature being cultivated could only be done by using another copy of the same Nature as fuel.

Meaning, if a cultivator had Internal Astral Cultivator as his Secondary Nature and a Primary Nature of Prana Shock, then he would have to obtain a Tertiary Nature of Prana Shock. Only then would Internal Astral Cultivator use the Tertiary Nature as fuel to upgrade the Primary Nature.

And once used as fuel, the Tertiary Nature would vanish. However, his Primary Nature would still remain an Iron Grade Nature. Multiple Tertiary Natures of Prana Shock would have to be used as fuel before his Primary Nature reaches the Silver Grade.

Blola gained the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator at Ennoudu Plains after six months. For a Mammoth Clansman, this rate of obtaining a Nature was possible, as long as it was a simple-to-attain Nature such as Spirit Moss Cultivator.

But for even it to be upgraded to the Mystic Grade would take centuries due to the acquisition time for the Tertiary Nature and the sheer number of them required as fuel.

This characteristic of Internal Astral Cultivator was derived from the Boar King. Therefore, if he had it, he could easily obtain as much fuel as possible through his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature.

Through it, he could obtain the Natures of all Pranic Beasts he devours and use them as fuel. The Nature had to be present in the cultivator's body for Internal Astral Cultivator to be effective upon it. Therefore, it was impossible for any other cultivator or Pranic Beast to realistically make use of it other than the Boar King.

Virala was an exception thanks to his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. He had his Primary and Tertiary Natures as vacant slots, capable of being equipped with any Nature—Nature Weapon—as he pleases.

One would be the target of upgrading while the other would be for fuel.

But currently, his Secondary Nature was filled. And if he were to equip the Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner atop that, he would only have one slot left. That wasn't enough for Internal Astral Cultivator to take effect, since there was no slot left for the fuel Nature to be equipped.

Therefore, the solution was to either obtain a fourth slot or figure out a way for his Secondary Nature to be equipped and unequipped.

The likelihood of the first case happening was zero. To date, Virala hadn't found any data or clue supporting the possibility of a Quaternary Nature. Three Natures seemed to be the absolute limit.

Therefore, his only other choice would be to focus on upgrading his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. It was only at the Gold Grade. As long as he brings it to Mystic Grade, Virala felt a new possibility would open up to him.

And it wasn't an issue to get Nature Weapons with the power of Weaponisation. The key to it lay in a children's book circulated throughout the Mammoth Clan. As long as people gain inspiration regarding it, they will naturally awaken the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation in their body.

That was the inheritance set up by the Mammoth Clan Ancestor. Of course, Virala didn't want anyone else getting their hands on such a godly power. It had to be exclusive only to him.

Therefore, he ran a simple scheme. With a smile, he approached an Empyrean Tusk, carrying a crossbow in hand. All the Empyrean Tusks were sleeping currently. They did this by lying sideways on the ground, making the settlement on their back becoming perpendicular to the ground.

But thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity, the people in the settlement wouldn't feel the floor turning by ninety degrees.

As they were sleeping, gaining access to the settlement was easy. Virala loaded a Bone Slip in the crossbow and shot it to the settlement, aiming for the Academy of Refinement. The one he targeted was the Academy of Refinement of the 104th Settlement.

Being one of the weakest, it was situated the farthest from the 1st Settlement. He paid heed to ensure his actions wouldn't be noticed by Raaha.

Of course, after shooting the Bone Slip, he targeted the Academy of Refinement in two more Settlements. Following that, he began to make way towards the Red-Draft River alone, not part of any hunting groups.

He equipped a Nature Weapon with stealth capabilities, merging his presence into the surroundings as if he were a tree. This way, the only means to perceive him was by sight. All other modes of perception would only register him as a tree.

Virala arrived at a cave, holding the children's book in hand as he waited patiently. Two hours later, once all the teams had entered the Red-Draft River, two eleven-year-old kids sneaked out of the 104th Settlement and approached the cave.

"Welcome!" Virala smirked as the cave's entrance closed shut once the two students sauntered in. A sharp cry later, silence ensued in the area.



Chapter 256 Mystic Grade Weaponisation

Security around the Settlements was nil. There were three reasons for that.

First, due to the valuable rewards promised by Raaha, with the treasures originating from his personal stash, every Mammoth Clansman at the Body Stage and above participated in the egg hunt.

None wished to miss out on this valuable opportunity that could very well change their lives. Hence, all elites and masters left their Settlements.

They could go without worries because of the second reason, which was the fact that before they camped at the place, the Empyrean Tusk herd eradicated all Pranic Beasts in the region. Therefore, there was no threat to their safety at the moment.

Even while sleeping, as there were more than a hundred Empyrean Tusks gathered in one place, they released a formless suppressive force that caused any Pranic Beast to lose all control over its body if it were to enter within range.

Its muscles would become weak while its bones turned soft. Prana would constantly leak out of its body while in the range of the suppressive force. Therefore, all weak Pranic Beasts avoided the region.

And if any Gold Grade Pranic Beast were to appear, the Empyrean Tusks would sense its existence and wake up to deal with it.

On the off chance the Gold Grade Pranic Beast was a stealth type and could sneak up on the Empyrean Tusks, there was still Raaha keeping watch over the region. He would swiftly deal with any threat that approached, forming the third reason for the lacking defences.

In the 104th Settlement's Academy of Refinement, the kids from all over the Settlement had gathered to obediently stay put for the duration of the hunt. The older students in their final year took charge as soon-to-be adults and kept the children in check.

Seated in an open classroom towards the very back were two eleven-year-old kids, bored.

"Can't we play?" One of them asked the older student who was patrolling the corridor.

"Stay put!" The older student said curtly and continued to patrol, mimicking the elites he witnessed in action daily.

'Boring!' The eleven-year-old student rolled his eyes, mimicked the overly zealous older student, and returned to his seat. But just as he was about to sit, he heard a soft thud, peering out from the window to see a piece of bone fall there.

As it fell on the training ground where grass grew, the impact only produced a soft thud. The eleven-year-old student was curious and leaped out the window, landing on the training ground. He picked up the piece of bone and muttered in surprise, "This is a Bone Slip."

"Hey, didn't I tell you to stay put?" The older student noticed his action and chided him.

"I'm going," The eleven-year-old kid returned to his seat. He wasn't the sole troublemaker as many energetic students messed around from time to time. The adults said they wouldn't be punished as long as they didn't leave the academy premises. So, they messed around when bored.

In his seat, the eleven-year-old kid accessed the Bone Slip, feeling a stream of information imprint itself on his mind. The contents were simple. It talked about a mysterious inheritance that allowed a student to graduate with a Grade S evaluation.

It was a test created by a group of adults for the children, causing the eleven-year-old kid to become excited, 'Only I was smart enough to find this.'

He then turned around to stare at his best friend, 'No, I won't benefit alone. I'll also bring him with me.'

He observed that once the information was imprinted on his mind, the Bone Slip was erased of all information. Moreover, the Bone Slip turned to fine dust, scattering at the mildest breeze.

After some hushed discussions, the two kids sneaked out of the academy and rushed through the vacant Settlement, making their way to the ground. They then sped to the location recorded in the Bone Slip, reaching a cave.

"This is empty." His best friend commented, sullen.

"Yeah…" The eleven-year-old kid felt he had been tricked. But right at this time, the cave's entrance closed up as the nearby boulder rolled over.

"Welcome!" Virala's shout brought their attention to him. They hadn't noticed him standing at the corner before, obscured by a rocky protrusion.

"The test is simple," Saying so, Virala threw a Bone Slip to each kid, telling them to memorise it, "Just follow the instructions blindly while cultivating Mystic Bone Art. You'll get the inheritance immediately."

The two kids followed it and in a matter of minutes, awakened to the Nature of Weaponisation.

"What's next, Sir?" The eleven-year-old kid asked, excited upon obtaining a Nature.

"Take a seat," Virala said and pointed before him, "Close your eyes."

While they did so, he calmly walked to their back and satisfied the necessary conditions, seeping his Prana into their bodies abruptly.

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

"Help…" The eleven-year-old kid noticed that something was amiss based on the conditions Virala achieved over him. Since he had the same power, he knew what those conditions were. But it was too late by then as his body began to shrink in response.

In a matter of seconds, the two kids lost their lives as their bodies shrunk into tiny spheres.

In the Bone Slip given to them was all the enlightenment necessary to awaken the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. It could be said that this was the Nature that could naturally form in a Mammoth Clansman if they were to be considered a Pranic Beast.

It was the most natural power they could wield. Hence, it was damn easy to awaken it. A Mammoth Clansman only had to activate Mystic Bone Art while comprehending the information of the inheritance. The process was no different from sprinkling water on a fish living on land, making it realise that it was a fish.

Gold Nature Weapon—Mammoth!

That was the name Virala gave to Nature Weapons with the Nature of Weaponisation. He equipped one of them in his Tertiary Nature and used it as fuel to feed his Secondary Nature, cultivating it.

There was a mild growth as he made a quick calculation, 'Since it's a Gold Nature from the get-go, I don't need too much as fuel. Eighty should be enough.'

Weaponisation couldn't be used on anyone with more than one Nature. Hence, the optimal targets were children who were in the Spirit Stage.

It would create chaos later once the adults return to realise that a bunch of children had gone missing. They would definitely conduct an investigation. But Virala didn't care about that, as his growth mattered the most.

Besides, he didn't leave behind any clues that would label him the culprit. Since the first batch of success hardly consumed any time, Virala invited more children to the cave, gobbling them up quickly.

Once he used his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, the entirety of the child's body was condensed into a Nature Weapon. Hence, there was no trace of the child's body left in the cave, a perfect crime if one might ask.

Besides, as a famous gigolo who particularly targeted married women, Virala had a habit of erasing all his traces. It was an ingrained instinct. And since he continued with the same lifestyle here too, nothing changed. He paid heed to not leave behind any traces.

Getting hands on a Gold Grade Nature should have been the most difficult, since hunting a Gold Grade Pranic Beast was a monumental feat. But as this was supposed to be a Mammoth Clansman's Nature, it was easy to awaken one in them and harvest them into a Nature Weapon.

By the evening of the same day, Virala succeeded in cultivating his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation to Mystic Grade, the first in Sumatra Continent's history.

Even the Mammoth Clan Ancestor only had a Gold Grade version of Weaponisation.



Chapter 257 Terrifying Power

Mystic Grade Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

Reaching this point generated endless confidence in Virala, because it unleashed an ocean of opportunities. First of all, at the Mystic Grade, his Secondary Nature allowed him to unleash hundred percent of a Nature Weapon's power.

This directly allowed him to exercise the full extent of a Nature stored in a Nature Weapon, making him a lot stronger than before. That wasn't all.

There was one other aspect that had been unlocked in his Secondary Nature, coming as a surprise to even him. It wasn't either of the two choices he had thought were possible before.

Reaching the Mystic Grade with his Secondary Nature neither opened up a fourth slot nor allowed him to equip and unequip his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. But what he obtained was even better.

He could use Weaponisation on himself. Basically, if Virala were to use his Secondary Nature on himself, his body would shrink into a fist-sized sphere, becoming a Nature Weapon.

But unlike in the case of his targets, he wouldn't be dead. Rather, he would maintain full sentience. Best of all, this Nature Weapon could enter a target's body and occupy one of its slots.

Before using Weaponisation on himself, Virala could equip the other two slots with Nature Weapons. Following that, even if he were to transform himself into a Nature Weapon, the effects of all three Natures would be contained in it.

This way, he could equip Internal Astral Cultivator and then transform into a Nature Weapon. Following that, he would target a Shock Lizard, one of the most commonly fused Pranic Beasts of the Mammoth Clan.

He would occupy its Secondary Nature slot. After that, by taking advantage of the influence a Nature had on its host, he would make the Shock Lizard target its brethren. The influence would be done in such a way that the Shock Lizard would achieve all the necessary conditions first before targeting its brethren.

Virala would activate his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation right then and transform the target into a Nature Weapon. It would then be equipped on his Shock Lizard's Tertiary Nature slot.

Following that, he would use the Tertiary Nature as fuel for the Shock Lizard's Primary Nature, as a result reinforcing the Primary Nature. By the end of the first round, the Shock Lizard would fully accustom itself to the process, able to target its brethren more easily the next time.

Thereby, one after another, the Shock Lizard would consume its brethren and use their Primary Natures as fuel to cultivate its own. As its Primary Nature goes from Iron Grade to Silver Grade, its strength would spike accordingly.

Of course, since Virala achieved all the conditions necessary for turning the Shock Lizard's body into a Nature Weapon, he wouldn't have to fear even if its Nature reaches the Mystic Grade. However, he only planned to cultivate it to the Gold Grade for the time being.

After all, if a Mystic Grade Nature were to form in a Pranic Beast, its Prana might emanate the effect, alerting the Boar King. He wasn't sure about it, but the possibility existed.

Virala didn't wish to court death. He would only elevate his Nature Weapons to Mystic Grade when he had the strength to protect himself from a possible attack by the Boar King.

The only reason his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation didn't alert the Boar King was due to his identity as a Mammoth Clansman. The Pranic Beast his Spirit Container had fused with was an Empyrean Tusk.

Therefore, its presence was fixed at Expert Gold Grade. Moreover, once his Secondary Nature reached Mystic Grade, his Mystic Bone Art combined with it naturally, for they were both the essence of what made a Mammoth Clansman a Mammoth Clansman.

It was the result of their fusion that allowed Virala to transform himself into a Nature Weapon without issues. Hence, the resultant energy fluctuation was only displayed as Expert Gold Grade level.

After an hour of meditation, Virala understood the ins and outs of his Secondary Nature, becoming excited in response. He triple-checked the cave and ensured not a single trace of him was there.

He carried the crossbow that was used to shoot the Bone Slips into the three Settlements, making his way to the Red-Draft River. He threw it there, watching until it got destroyed under crossfire between two Pranic Beasts.

Sleeping in the shallow waters there was a male Centinger, depressed as it had failed its mating season.

The waters barely submerged it, as it was asleep at a shallowed region. Virala used a Skill to conceal his presence, hiding all traces of himself. He waited until ensuring the coast was clear, moving forth only after confirming the Centinger wasn't emitting Prana to keep track of its surroundings.

Well, it needn't do that since its brethren were nearby, all sleeping to swallow their sadness of having lost in the mating season.

Centingers were docile creatures by nature, despite possessing terrifying combat prowess that they displayed only during their mating season. They were very difficult prey for even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Hence, to ensure they remained docile, not many Pranic Beasts targeted them.

The Red-Draft River had a tinge of red to its waters, sporting boiling undercurrents amidst the overall cold river. The boiling undercurrents were dangerous, and actively avoided by most of the Pranic Beasts native to the river, as their bodies would be damaged upon contact.

With a breadth surpassing two hundred kilometres, and an unknown depth that hadn't been explored to date, the Red-Draft River was home to a large variety of Pranic Beasts, many of which were eerily terrifying. Due to the more intense conflicts in the water, the Pranic Beasts there had mutated in strange directions, possessing twisted Natures.

Virala walked forward until his feet touched the river water, observing the minor waves reach his ankle. After some observation, he judged how the waves in the vicinity worked. Arriving at a suitable spot, he transformed into a Nature Weapon.

The transformation released a flux of Prana, causing the closest Centinger to wake up promptly. It looked around and failed to see any enemies. Reflexively, it radiated Prana and detected a shiny object in the water, slowly approaching it.

The object resembled the shells common throughout the Red-Draft River but seemed different somehow. Staring at it for a couple of seconds, the Centinger felt an urge to swallow it, for it seemed…tasty.

It wasn't rash though and inspected thoroughly. In the end, the Centinger didn't notice any cause for concern and decided to satiate its desire. One of its scuttling legs picked up the sphere and threw it into its mouth.

Prana surged out of its body in response as the Centinger suddenly felt stronger, brimming with power. A vast sea of memories flowed into its mind, imprinting upon it, carrying with them an ego, one that was pretty potent.

The Centinger felt giddy upon obtaining a Secondary Nature, getting excited in response. It soon calmed down as it understood what had to be done to grow even stronger.

It first did a set of activities as influenced by its Secondary Nature, allowing Virala to complete the set procedures necessary to transform it into his Nature Weapon.

Following that, the Centinger stared at its closest brethren and casually spilled some water on the latter, achieving one condition. The others looked at it oddly, but the Centinger continued with its bizarre actions.

As its actions didn't harm them, the Centingers didn't attack it. They expressed their irritation but none had the motivation to do anything after failing to mate with their females.

The Centinger didn't stop at one and continued with its actions until it achieved the conditions for all its brethren in the region. After that…?

It attacked the closest Centinger.



Chapter 258 Empyrean 100

Resha calmly sauntered into the Red-Draft River, using his Primary Nature of Total Inertial Gravity to hold a large volume of air in his lungs.

He targeted a large Pranic Beast swimming in the river with his Primary Nature, causing his body to be naturally attracted to the latter and, as a result moving quickly through the water.

The targeted Pranic Beast sensed his approach and launched an ink cloud, one with poisonous properties towards him. And using the chance, it tried to flee away.

Resha didn't even flinch at the attack and instead calmly unleashed a gravitational flux directed from his sites, positioned ten metres away from him.

As the ink cloud was denser than the water, the particles forming it were more affected by gravity, causing them to flow towards the two gravitational flux sources he had created. As the ink clouds moved to the side, a gap parted open in the centre. He passed through it calmly.

Like an energy stream of Prana used to control a Spirit Weapon through psychokinesis, the field of gravitational attraction Resha unleashed towards the targeted Pranic Beast remained stable. As a result, when the Pranic Beast fled, his body was pulled like an object tied to a car.

He unleashed it from a distance of eighty metres. That distance was comfortably maintained no matter how fast the Pranic Beast fled, irrespective of the hydro acrobatics it displayed as evasive manoeuvres.

'It's decently fast.' Resha commented as he strengthened the gravitational attractive force and quickly closed in on the Pranic Beast.

There was a sudden pulse of Prana, generating a powerful shockwave through the river waters as a gigantic Empyrean Tusk appeared. Its trunk touched the Pranic Beast. A terrifying force of gravity was generated through the point of contact, preventing the Pranic Beast from breaking free.

It thrashed in pain as its flesh began to peel off. A couple dozen seconds later, only its skeleton was in place. The rest of its body had been washed away by the undercurrents.

The Empyrean Tusk opened its mouth and swallowed this skeleton, digesting it in a matter of seconds. Prana churned within its body as a vacuum was generated in the water following its disappearance.

Resha hovered in the centre, watching the water slam into him from all sides. He was unaffected by the water pressure and instead focused on the skeleton he had devoured, absorbing the information coded in it.

Following that, he grinned, transforming into the skeleton form of the Pranic Beast he had just hunted. A few seconds later, bone in fluid form jutted out of the skeleton and filled up the body, taking on a form no different to if a Mammoth Clansman were to transform into said Pranic Beast.

A Pranic Beast originally had skin, fur, etc. covering its body. When a Mammoth Clansman transforms into said Pranic Beast, their body would resemble an ivory version of the Pranic Beast. The same fur would be made using ivory, tougher than the original.

It was because the material used by a Mammoth Clansman to build their body was tusk bone powder. Hence, there was a difference in appearance between a Mammoth Clansman's transformation and the Pranic Beast's original form.

Resha's transformation was exactly the Mammoth Clansman counterpart of the Pranic Beast. Once fully transformed, he swam through the river water without issues, many times faster than his human form could ever afford.

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean 100!

That was the secret behind this transformation, inspired by the ultimate enemy he faced in his past life, one he suffered a dog's death under.

Primary Nature—Perfect Inertial Gravity!

The summation of Internal Inertial Gravity and External Inertial Gravity was his Primary Nature, allowing him to use this power both inside and outside his body. This power was a lot more powerful than his previous life's state, even after obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Its external aspect gave it endless variations.

Secondary Nature—Mystic Bone!

This was the same power as his previous life. It had no differences.

A Mammoth Clansman could use Mystic Bone Art to refine a piece of bone into any shape as they pleased. Of course, depending on the quality of the piece of bone, the time and Prana required varied.

Being able to do the same actively and instantaneously, not to mention controlling bone in fluid form like it was a Spirit Weapon was what his Secondary Nature granted.

A Spirit Weapon had to be in solid form, with distinct boundaries for psychokinesis to be able to control it. This was a hard rule of their cultivation, followed by all humans and Pranic Beasts.

But the one that blurred this limit was the Cooter Clan, capable of controlling substances without a distinct limit as their Spirit Weapon.

Using that as an inspiration in the Mystic Bone Art resulted in the Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone, Resha's most prized power. With his genius combat capabilities, the level of strength unleashed through Mystic Bone was on a whole other level, unable to be replicated by the reincarnates.

Only he was capable.

It had proved its effectiveness hundreds of times in his past life. Moreover, Resha was capable of refining a stream of bone and filtering it to ensure the resultant substance was on par with an Empyrean Tusk's prized tusk.

It meant that Resha was capable of refining any piece of bone from any human or Pranic Beast to the level of an Empyrean Tusk's tusk.

That was the reason his Secondary Nature was termed Mystic Bone.

This then led to his Tertiary Nature, the power he gained while thinking of the most effective means of countering the Boar King, created when he camped in the previous Gannala's heart.

Empyrean 100 was tremendously inspired by the Boar King's Voracious Nature and Astral Chart. Through it, Resha was capable of absorbing the skeletal data of any creature of his target and store it in his Tertiary Nature.

When necessary, he could transform into said Pranic Beast. This was only in terms of physical transformation. Resha didn't obtain the target's Nature.

The thing is, with how many times the Boar King fought the Empyrean Tusks, he knew the best way to strike them. He took advantage of the limited time frame of an Empyrean Tusk's combat form and remained on the evasive until time ran out.

Following that, once the Empyrean Tusk returned to its energy-saving form, the Boar King bombarded them with attacks at regions that couldn't be defended against, ending up easily killing them.

Resha knew with personal experience how futile his strength was before the Boar King who evaded his Empyrean Tusk form casually. It was why he died without being able to even scratch the endgame Boar King.

As a result, the solution was to change his physical form without removing the essence of what constituted an Empyrean Tusk's strength.

It was possible through his Tertiary Nature where the shape of his Empyrean Tusk form would change into different Pranic Beasts. This way, Resha would have variety in his mode of attack.

Best of all, he could store the data of 100 creatures in his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100, capable of freely transforming into any of them.

A fish swam the best in water. Hence, he assumed the form of a marine Pranic Beast with decent swimming speed. In the future, Resha intended to have a form perfect for all sorts of environments, ensuring he would be ready to face the Boar King no matter where they were to confront each other.



Chapter 259 Yennda’s Return

"Fuuu…" Yennda exhaled softly as he stared at his sticky body, having just hatched. He turned around to look at the carnivorous tree that vanished, revealing the figure of Blola. "Are you holding up?"

"Thanks to you," Blola said with his depressing voice, "Thanks to my recent training, I'm at the lead against the Transcendent Eater's ego."

"That's great," Yennda expressed his relief, "I don't want to think about being revived by the Transcendent Eater."

"Well, you're too weak to give me any strain," Blola expressed in honesty, "It only feels like my internal organs are pulled out when I revive Orakha. Honestly, I hope I never have to revive Resha. I won't be able to endure the strain."

"Alright, I'm weak shit. You don't need to explain it in detail," Yennda raised his hands in surrender. He got up and habitually used a Prana technique to clean himself. He then grabbed some tools present in the room and intended to head out for a bath.

"Are you going to stay like this?" Blola asked all of a sudden.

"Why do you care?" Yennda snapped in response, "You're stuck as a Transcendent Eater for life."

"It's the best." Blola boasted, "I was originally scared. But with the Chief helping me, I will never lose to the Transcendent Eater's mind. And every victory in my mental battle causes my cultivation to boom in response."

That was the truth, since if Blola's mind were to collapse, the Transcendent Eater would plant its roots in the ground, suck in a vast reserve of resources and reach the 10-Life Stage overnight. The same applied true for Blola too.

Therefore, cultivation wasn't an issue for him. As long as he destroys the Transcendent Eater's mind, he'll reach the 10-Life Stage overnight. As for strength? That needn't be said. This was the Transcendent Eater, a creature capable of killing even Transcendents.

As long as Blola reaches the 10-Life Stage and becomes a Transcendent, he'll become a Transcendent Eater that is stronger than the Transcendent Eaters part of the Transcendent World.

At present, Renduldu's arrangements ensured Blola was only capable of reviving Resha and the other reincarnates. Moreover, he could only control two of them after revival, as he only had two Nature slots free.

But that all would change once he enters the Transcendence Stage. All limits placed on him would vanish. He would be able to control as many targets as he pleased after reviving them, wielding the true powers of a Transcendent Eater.

Moreover, what if he were to kill Resha and Brangara? Once he was to revive them, the strongest two existences in the world would have no other choice but to obey him. Who would dare face him after that?

"I only need a single opportunity to change things around." Blola grinned, "Currently, if I want, I can control Orakha. His strength is inferior only to Resha."

"So," Blola stated arrogantly, "I'm content with my current situation. But, what about you, Yennda?"

"You're the weakest among us all."

"Leave me alone," Yennda snorted and exited the room. After taking a bath and changing into a new set of clothes, he entered a meeting room where Raaha was seated, sipping some tea.

"Chief, I too wish to participate in the contest." Yennda cupped his hands and bowed respectfully.

"Go ahead," Raaha calmly stared at his leaving figure, not commenting anything. After a moment, he smirked, 'This guy has been playing sheep for long enough. It's time he too bore his fangs.'

"Violet, Indigo, Blue, Green, Yellow, Orange, and Red." Raaha muttered as he took out a scroll and began to scribble some details in the segment meant for yellow, "It's filling up pretty well."

"I'll keep watch over the Supreme Tusk's arrangements." He calmly stored the scroll and continued to drink some tea, observing two eleven-year-old students leave the 104th Settlement and head towards a certain cave.

Raaha had the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle. Honestly, everything that happened in the Mammoth Clan was under his watch.

[Let's believe in the Supreme Tusk's arrangements!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk commented upon reading his memories to know what Virala was up to. Hearing its thoughts, Raaha nodded, "I know. That's why I'm overlooking these casualties."

The Empyrean Tusks were aware of everything that was happening but collectively kept mum, acting like they were unaware. Everything was for the sake of reaching the Mystic Grade, their ultimate goal.

Raaha then focused his attention on Yennda, watching the latter enter the Red-Draft River, 'Now, show me what you got, Yennda.'

Staring at the Red-Draft River, Yennda wasn't in the least frightened. Or rather, having died as many times as he did, the notion of fear had long since been erased from his emotional dictionary. Danger didn't matter. At worst, he would die, which wasn't anything new.

He was merely at the peak of the Spirit Stage as he jumped into the Red-Draft River and moved around with experience, having been tossed into dangerous terrains first. He soon arrived at the nest of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, grabbing its egg as he began to fuse with it.

His hundred Spirit Containers combined into a unified whole and just began to merge into the egg when the Pranic Beast guarding the nest detected his existence and killed him.

Merely at the Spirit Stage, he didn't even cause any stress for Blola. A day later, Yennda revived. Due to their strength difference, Blola could quickly revive Yennda, which was also why the Clan always tossed the latter into dangerous terrains, because he revived quickly.

In contrast, Orakha took twenty days to revive. And as the days passed, it seemed his revival duration continued to increase as he grew stronger and stronger.

After reviving, Yennda routinely changed into new clothes and entered the Red-Draft River, targeting another Pranic Beast nest this time. And same as before, he was killed mid-fusion. Without any rest, Yennda continued to revive, target a Pranic Beast nest, and be killed mid-fusion with an egg.

For a Mammoth Clansman, being subjected to extreme conditions would generate a Nature—upon adaptation. That was how Resha gained his Secondary and Tertiary Natures in Sumatra Chronicles.

That was how Blola gained his Tertiary Nature. That was how Inala gained his Tertiary Nature. That was what everyone who gained a Tertiary Nature went through.

He was repeating Orakha's actions but with some difference, ensuring to be killed only during mid-fusion. He was always doing that, for the past four years, ever since the Clan gave him the task of first exploring dangerous terrains for resources, especially Pranic Beast eggs.

Since his initial plan of fusing with the baby born between him and Yuza—baby Harrala—failed thanks to Grehha's intervention, Yennda developed deep-seated hatred. But aware that he had been left in the dust, he exercised patience to gain the sort of power that would terrify others, including the reincarnates.

The Transcendent Eater was one such existence. And Yennda intended to become one more perverse than that, almost eldritch in nature.

Two weeks of nonstop deaths later, Yennda hatched from the Transcendent Eater's fruit, cleaning himself of the resultant goo as he stared at Blola's shocked face, "What?"

"You asked me if I wanted to stay a weak shit forever," Yennda commented as he observed his hundred Spirit Containers fuse into a unified whole. Immediately after, all the extreme experiences that he had adapted to condensed in the Spirit Container.

Immediately in response, all his three Natures became filled as he announced, "Today, I return to the race."



Chapter 260 Extreme Toxic Disposition

Yennda had a very simple thought process after he failed in the past. He didn't wish to become the strongest or anything. Honestly, he knew that was impossible after seeing how the rest of the reincarnates fared. He was outclassed in that department.

He then got to thinking. What were his strengths? Why exactly was he one of the reincarnates? What path should he tread upon?

As he pondered upon such questions, Yennda thought of Earth, pondering about what made humanity afraid the most there. Gun? No. Shark? No. Knife? Nada.

They were all scary in situational context, but there was one that consistently set pangs of despair in the hearts of anyone who faced it.

Cancer!

Your body stops functioning normally and mutates uncontrollably. Unbearable pain follows suit. And honestly, it was a death sentence. Some could be treated at an early stage, but there was no guarantee. A single cancer cell needs to survive for that shit to relapse.

Indeed, cancer was what terrified modern humanity. What else were there following that? There was one that had been the cause for wiping out large-scale human civilisations throughout history.

A Pandemic!

It had been the cause of countless mass wipeouts among humanity. A pandemic was death manifesting itself before you. What else kept humanity humble? There was the final of the triad, one depending on its uses was the greatest of boons or the most terrifying of them all.

Radiation!

Nuclear radiation, or radiation in general was harmful. Depending on its exposure, cells would mutate. Oftentimes, new viruses are created as a result of radiation mutation. These mutated viruses were tougher to endure than the usual ones, often creating large-scale deaths.

And obviously, radiation causes cancer…casually. Now, who was Blola? Was he a saviour? No. Did he have the strength to protect himself? No. Even if he had strength, could he protect himself? Obviously, no. He was inferior in every aspect.

Then, how was he supposed to survive? Nature had the answer to that. Become toxic! The more extreme the toxicity, the better the survival chances. That was exactly the conclusion Blola had arrived at.

Primary Nature—Fission and Fusion!

Secondary Nature—Infection!

Tertiary Nature—Mutation!

Through his Primary Nature of Fission and Fusion, Blola could consume the bodies of Pranic Beasts and absorb characteristics of their bodies into his own—Pranic Beast form.

The necessary characteristics would be fused into his transformation while the unnecessary characteristics would extricate themselves from his body as fission beings. Basically, eerie Pranic Beasts with the most grotesque of Natures would be born out of him.

Blola wouldn't have a set identity, as his Pranic Beast form would be a chimera of sorts, mutating every time he fused the characteristics of another Pranic Beast into his own through his Primary Nature.

His Tertiary Nature of Mutation would ensure his Pranic Beast form's body remained functionally relevant and stable, despite its endless mutations.

In his transformed state, he would be a stink bug with a porcupine-like back, too poisonous to touch, not to mention the grating sounds originating from him. The body would also be damn ugly, formed with patterns, colours, indentations and protrusions worse than a fever dream.

No Pranic Beast would dare come close, not because of his strength, but because even the ugliest and nastiest of Pranic Beasts would feel nauseously averse to approaching him.

And finally, there was his Secondary Nature of Infection. Anyone who touches or consumes his blood or body part would be infected as their bodies would mutate. Spores, warts, pus, etc. would form over their bodies.

If the infected region wasn't severed on time, it would gradually corrupt their Spirit Containers. Once that happens, their Prana would no longer be able to cure them, for it too would have been polluted.

This infection would be transmitted through the fission beings product of his Primary Nature and would mutate upon contact thanks to his Tertiary Nature, making him endlessly annoying to deal with.

His current strength was Iron Grade, so his Prana capacity and Lifespan increase were abysmal. But it didn't matter. Slowly, by continuing to consume more and more Pranic Beasts and mutating endlessly, Blola was confident in reaching the Silver Grade.

Even that was enough as he would be able to live for a few centuries at the very least.

He didn't have Resha's genius in terms of fighting, Orakha's street smarts to instantly capitalise on a benefit, Virala's deep-seated scheming and an endless arrogance to see through it irrespective of how brutal it got, Inala's long-term approach to strategic growth and the genius to successfully plan for it, Grehha's steady vision and growth stability.

Even Blola, upon realising he wasn't equipped to deal with the reincarnates, simply followed Resha's template from Sumatra Chronicles to grow strong. Things went awry for him, but he still adapted to the changes and made the most of his situation.

Yennda had none of that. All he had was a short-sighted personality with a toxic, unlikeable character. Hence, he invested everything in exactly that, taking his unlikability to the extreme.

Now, even his enemies would shy away from dealing with him. Rather, if they had any enmity, they would rather consider the hatred never existed, wishing to do nothing with him, for just association, even by hatred would extremely disgust them.

Nature had creatures that evolved to become absolutely disgusting to avoid predators. And to survive, Blola travelled that path, because he had resigned himself to his fate.

Everyone in the Mammoth Clan knew what he had done to Yuza. Hence, he could forget about getting a bride in this lifetime. As long as he was bound to the Transcendent Eater, he couldn't escape from the Mammoth Clan. He couldn't even leave them to start a new life.

Therefore, he would embrace his loneliness. That was his reality.

"Fucking retard!" Blola cursed in response upon hearing Yennda's explanation, "What's the use in living a life like that?"

"I'll live, no matter what." Yennda joined his hands in prayer, "Whether or not the Mammoth Clan survives, I'll live."

"Even the Boar King wouldn't want to touch me."

"Such a life is worse than death." Blola scolded, "Even I wanted to originally hole myself in an Empire and have a fun life. You know, party around with women, flex my wealth, slap the cheeks of arrogant scions, the usual stuff. I desire that. But you…are you insane?"

"I'm pretty sane," Yennda stared up and gazed into Blola's eyes, "Tell me, Blola. What will I have fun with here?"

"Can't you start a family? It's a rewarding effort and would wholeheartedly fill you with warmth." Blola said, "It might seem hypocritical to hear it from me, but raising a family fills one with joy."

"I had a family back on Earth," Yennda said, his eyes lacking any glint, "When I was in university, a woman proposed to me. She was actually smitten with me. But once we started a family and she got to gradually understand my character in detail, she lost interest. This happened in four years."

"You see?" Yennda laughed self-deprecatingly, "A woman that was obsessed with me started to treat me like air. She gaslighted me into a series of alcohol intoxication and eventually, she kicked me out of my home."

"After our divorce, she got custody of both my house and kids. I was forced to live in a single-room rental from paycheck to paycheck, with most of my money going to her as alimony." Yennda cursed, "I'm fed up with a family. No matter how much a woman loves me, I know she'll come to hate me in a matter of years. In this world, with longer lives, that's the most depressing shit I can become part of."

"If family isn't for you, then go on an adventure or something." Blola said, "Exploration is a man's romance!"

"Romance my nasty ass!" Yennda cursed, "This is Sumatra. I'm dead by the time I go a couple hundred kilometres from the Clan."

"You think I kept dying nonstop all along because I was bored?"



