Chapter 581 Zinger Aristocrat

﻿﻿In the vicinity of the Dralh Sea, jumping around like a frog were two, thumb-sized Biome Bombs joined together like compartments of a train. Its four legs—Prana strings—coiled around an Iron Grade Pranic Beast and began to absorb the latter's Prana and Lifespan.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beast bombarded attacks on the Biome Bombs, failing to do any damage. After all, these two Biome Bombs were condensed by the Mystic Grade Royal Zinger. So, only Gold Grade Pranic Beasts could damage it.

Powerful Silver Grade Pranic Beasts such as a Centinger too could damage it, but the rate of damage was vastly inferior to the Biome Bomb's recovery means. In a matter of seconds, the Iron Grade Pranic Beast collapsed as a withered corpse, sucked dry of all its Prana and Lifespan.

For the past three months, the two Biome Bombs have been collecting Prana from Pranic Beasts. Inala felt that they needed to prepare at least a bit before entering the region built around Sanctuary.

He needed time to gather his thoughts and condense his abilities. Most of all, he had to entertain humility and reduce the extent of arrogance in him as much as possible. Well, the second part wasn't a priority and hence didn't see much development.

Instead, Inala focused on completing the Quip Clan's cultivation technique. It was no different from building a house. He already had all the necessary materials. All Inala needed to do was to lay them down at their respective place and perform impact tests, weathering tests, stress-strain tests, etc.

Simply creating a Mystic Grade cultivation technique wasn't the be-all and end-all. It had to be constructed robustly to the extent a Quip Clansman could use the entirety of their creativity to harness and abuse the cultivation technique to the extreme.

The Mammoth Clan's Mystic Bone Art was one such example. A robust cultivation technique that had been developed by Empyrean Tusks who constantly took inspiration, information, ideas, concepts, etc. from their immune system. While they traversed through the wilds, the Empyrean Tusks continued to think of ways to develop their cultivation technique.

All of this information was collated in the First Empyrean Tusk, allowing the Mammoth Elders living in the Mammoth Treasury to add in the necessary upgrades to Mystic Bone Art. Through this, the Mammoth Clan continued to systematically develop their cultivation technique.

The Cooter Clan too continued to develop Mystic Mist Art. It was why these two cultivation techniques were labelled the best in Sumatra. And that statement remains true even after multiple Mystic Grade cultivation techniques came into effect.

Hence, Inala focused on creating a strong enough foundation for Mystic Royal Art so that future generations of the Quip Clan could continue to develop it. A few more months passed in such a fashion.

Finally, eight months after Inala became the Royal Zinger, the Quip Clan's cultivation technique was completed. By now, he had also gained complete control of his Royal Zinger form, adjusting to his physique completely.

At a thought from him, the two Biome Bombs arrived at a safe spot. The two Prana strings forming a connection between the two Biome Bombs retracted, causing the surfaces of the two to get into contact.

Similar to the way two compartments of a train were connected, once the entrances of both the Biome Bombs aligned themselves, the compressed space within the two Biome Bombs synchronised.

Once that was done, the pathway was established, allowing Inala to enter the second Biome Bomb and observe forty-three people bow before him, their expressions one of devotion, tearing up in happiness.

The moment Inala completed Mystic Royal Art, he conveyed it to his Quip Clansmen by using Mystic Mist Art. Immediately, a fog filled the second Biome Bomb. And as they inhaled it, they absorbed the information within it.

After all, Inala used the Water Slip Skill on the fog, allowing the information of Mystic Royal Art to appear in their mindspace as they inhaled the air.

Only three were Zingers at the moment. The remaining forty were in human forms. Hence, the Zinger Shrieks couldn't be used on them, which was why Inala resorted to using Mystic Mist Art.

To ensure the information was transmitted without any flaws, Mystic Mist Art was the best, especially since the information created by the Water Slip Skill would naturally appear in the mindspace as long as the target consumes the related water or mist.

As the Quip Clansmen inhaled the mist, the contents mixed with the blood brought to their lungs. The information became imprinted on the traces of Prana carried by the blood, which circulated through their bodies. Once they came in contact with their Spirit Container, the info appeared in their mind space.

In a few hours, all 43 Quip Clansmen obtained Mystic Royal Art, beginning to cultivate through it spontaneously.

"Eh?" Gappu was the first to shriek in alarm, observing that he had transformed into a woman. The strangest thing was that he felt it was natural, thinking like a woman, as if he had been born as such.

All the forty Quip Clansmen that had evolved from the Quip Tribe became women, for they were all Zinger Aristocrats now. As they continued to use Mystic Royal Art, they gained the missing parts necessary to function as part of the Quip Clan.

It was at this moment that the Second Biome Bomb became connected to the first. Soon, the entrance opened as Inala sauntered inside, emanating the presence of the Royal Zinger.

Spontaneously, all 43 Quip Clansmen prostrated, their eyes streaming tears of joy, as they had been allowed to bask in the presence of their race's Deity.

"Good," Inala expressed upon seeing the influence of Mystic Royal Art do its thing, "From today onwards, the Quip Clan can function properly. We've suffered a lot to get to this point, especially the sacrifices borne by our comrades."

Most of the Quip Tribe was destroyed by the Bolts of Transcendence. The survivors weren't exactly happy to be the sole ones to survive. Hence, Inala placated them, "It was their sacrifice that protected us. We need to honour that and develop into the greatest Clan on Sumatra."

"Are you all with me?" Inala asked, though he knew the answer already. The Royal Zinger's words were absolute to the Quip Clan. But, he didn't want to force them and instead lead them as a leader. Hence, he wanted to hear their thoughts.

"What is our purpose?" Gappu asked, "Will we…continue to lose our people?"

"Ideally, we don't lose anyone anymore." Inala replied, "To strive towards that future, we need to work hard."

"As long as the Quip Clan develops happily, there's nothing else I could ask." Inala stared at Gappu, "You are the first one to become part of the Quip Tribe. I want to hear your thoughts."

"I want to honour the Tribesmen," Gappu bowed lower, "Can I build a memorial for them?"

"Obviously, you can." Inala nodded, smiling upon seeing the expressions of the Quip Clansmen ease up in response. It would give them mental peace if they could construct a memorial. As long as they feel that they are carrying the will of their fallen, they can continue to progress on this path without hesitation.

Everyone was aware that becoming Clansmen wasn't easy. But it was their dream since the day they became part of the Quip Tribe. Those that managed to develop enough survived while the rest didn't.

Though he didn't show it, Gappu was aware that the fact he survived back then was thanks to Inala. Had Inala not protected them from the Bolts of Transcendence, the Quip Clan would have been combusted long ago.

No one blamed their Deity. Or rather, seeing the Royal Zinger gave them strength, an unshakable confidence to make the impossible possible. And seeing the way the Royal Zinger paid attention to their wants gave them euphoria.

The Quip Clan stared at the Royal Zinger on a pedestal. So, even the simplest level of consideration from Inala was monumental to them.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Aristocrat!

Gappu assumed his Zinger Aristocrat form, unleashing a powerful shriek. In response to his actions, the rest of the 39 Zinger Aristocrats assumed Pranic Beast forms, shrieking in unison.

A jet-black face of a monkey accompanied by the jaws of a bat. Its greyish-silver fur was dull, sporting a matt finish. Two stripes trickled down its body, white in colour, starting from the shoulder blades, across the hips, and ending at the feet.

When standing tall, the Zinger Aristocrat reached a height of eight metres. Its most prominent detail was its tail covered by fins similar to a fish, acting similar to the elevator and rudder of an aeroplane. It had two tails in total, with each reaching a length of 12 metres.

The muscles forming the tail were the most in tune with Prana throughout its body, making it spontaneous for Prana to accumulate in the tail muscles. This allowed the Zinger Aristocrats to attack with their tails, for their power was something Inala used a lot.

Primary Nature—Tangible Psychokinesis!



Chapter 582 The Transcendent Trio

Primary Nature—Tangible Psychokinesis!

When Inala got his hands on the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis and used it, he realised just how wonderful it was. In essence, all it created was a string of Prana through which the effects of psychokinesis could be applied.

The string of Prana behaved as a regular string, tangible in nature. But it wasn't a solid object created out of a mineral. Hence, its applications were pretty fluid. This tangible nature could be treated similarly to water or air, but one that didn't flow across an obstacle, as fluids did, but one that could flow through the object, since it was Prana.

Through the effects of psychokinesis, it was possible to unleash a variety of actions. Best of all, it was Prana efficient to the extreme, requiring the minimal most Prana.

Yarsha Zahara would be able to perform the effects of Tangible Psychokinesis, since it was an effect unleashed by moulding Prana into strings and infusing the effects of psychokinesis in them. But, she would never be able to use them like Inala, for the amount of Prana she would need to create it would make the ability useless.

The string of Prana that Inala could condense through five units of Prana would necessitate at least three hundred units of Prana from Yarsha. Psychokinesis could only be applied to the Spirit Weapon. But this string of Prana could act upon all matter.

To achieve this effect, the effects of psychokinesis need to be infused in the Prana forming the string in such a way the string itself contains the force generated by the psychokinesis. The string would be unleashing psychokinesis as if there was its Spirit Weapon beside it.

The efficiency of it had to be tampered with to ensure there was a leak of Prana, which causes this psychokinesis to affect other minerals, similar to the effects of a cultivator's presence. All these factors had to be condensed in a proper, working form, requiring a tremendous amount of brainpower.

With such severe losses and consumption, 300 units of Prana were necessary to condense a string—worth five units of Prana—with the effects of Tangible Psychokinesis. Only Yarsha Zahara could replicate it. But she would never do so, because it was useless.

For that level of Prana consumption, she could create Eddy Blades and sever through everything in her path. This insane efficiency and low-cost requirement were what made Tangible Psychokinesis a Minor Treasure, because the Minor Treasure was able to solve all the requirements without wasting a single speck of Prana.

No living being was able to maintain all the necessary requirements at their optimal levels while using the power effectively, which is why Tangible Psychokinesis operated at a level beyond the power system of Sumatra, hence classified as a Minor Treasure.

Inala could build this power to create a variety of weapons, especially guns. He used them in the Attributed Region and was proven of their effectiveness even against the Attributed Creatures.

He was aware that once the Bolts of Transcendence slammed into him, the essence of the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis would be fused into his genetics, thanks to his Sumatra Gold Skeleton.

Hence, Inala made preparations so that the Zingers he could create post-evolution would obtain this groundbreaking power. the variant of Zinger Aristocrat was the one to obtain this as their Primary Nature.

Quip Zingers possessed the power of the Prana Bomb, the same as their predecessor race of Zingers and Empyrean Zingers. Quip Zingers were male. Once they evolve to the Silver Grade and become Zinger Aristocrats, they change genders into a female while their Primary Nature transforms into Tangible Psychokinesis.

But obviously, Zingers were a race that stole Prana from their targets. Hence, Zinger Aristocrats too were capable of the same.

Through the Primary Nature of Tangible Psychokinesis, a Zinger Aristocrat was capable of condensing two strings of Prana, one for the left limb and one for the right. After the four limbs, it could condense a string of Prana from its two tails.

When condensed from the limbs, the string of Prana had mild Prana absorption capabilities. It was capable of absorbing the same amount of Prana as required to condense and use the string of Prana.

Basically, through Tangible Psychokinesis, a Zinger Aristocrat was incapable of recovering its Prana, but it could conserve Prana and instead use the target's Prana to bind it.

When the strings of Prana were condensed from its tail, they were incapable of absorbing Prana. Instead, they had a stronger capability of psychokinesis, effective in allowing the Zinger Aristocrats to glide closer to the ground.

The two strings of Prana created from their tails can propel them into the air like a slingshot, allowing them to take flight instantly, without any need for a runup or a need of altitude to drop from.

Inala kept them functional. It was why he didn't bother trying to figure out ways to increase the Prana absorption capabilities of Zinger Aristocrats. Making any more changes would only disrupt the original function of Tangible Psychokinesis.

Even the Prana absorption characteristics originated from their claws. Zingers naturally secreted a gelatinous substance from their claws that protected them against the Prana absorption qualities of Prana Bombs.

Inala tweaked that characteristic so that when the string of Prana is condensed through their claws, the gelatinous substance would course through it and react, changing properties. This change allowed them to absorb Prana.

It was why this Prana absorption characteristic could only be unleashed in the string of Prana generated through the claws.

Inala observed Gappu and the rest awkwardly manipulating the strings of Prana they could create through their Primary Nature, 'They'll become better through practice. And once they accumulate enough of my genes, they can mutate.'

Mutation!

Every Pranic Beast could mutate into a stronger variant. And once they mutate, they obtain a Secondary Nature. In the case of the Quip Clansmen, they had a choice for this.

When a Quip Zinger accumulates enough Royal Zinger genes, he would receive a choice. The first choice was to mutate and receive a Secondary Nature. The mutation wouldn't elevate his grade. He would continue to remain at Expert Iron Grade.

All he would obtain is a Secondary Nature. The second choice is to continue accumulating further until there were enough Royal Zinger genes to evolve into a Zinger Aristocrat.

But reaching this point was easier said than done, especially considering the resources required to do so and the experience one needed to accumulate for the generation of Royal Zinger genes in their bodies.

Getting a Secondary Nature would indeed accelerate this process. So, even after mutating, he would be able to become a Zinger Aristocrat. Best of all, the Secondary Nature too would evolve into Silver Grade.

Secondary Nature—Accel Hurl!

In Sumatra Chronicles, a century after the story began, the Mammoth Clan returned to the Dieng Canyon. During this time, he encountered the Zinger Queen who was born during the First Major Disaster through Gannala's Lifespan.

It was during this incident did Resha face a Zinger King with a Secondary Nature, one of the few times he complimented the strength of his opponent.

Protecting the Zinger Queen, the Zinger King attacked Resha. Of course, it was no match for him, since he was already a 2-

Life Stage Empyrean Tusk by then. But despite that, it managed to survive against him. The reason for this was its Secondary Nature.

Accel Hurl infused Prana into the Prana Bomb and gave it a spin, similar to a bullet, allowing the Zinger King to throw it with greater speed and penetrative power. Accel Hurl also strengthened the arm and provided an explosive burst to hurl the Prana Bomb to faraway locations.

With this power, the Zinger King could unleash combat power on the level of a Centinger, one of the strongest Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to exist.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger King!

Upon mutation, it became a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, gained sentience, and wielded strength on a whole other level. Unfortunately, it was the only Zinger to have entered Silver Grade in Sumatra Chronicles.

Inala didn't want his Quip Zingers to enter Silver Grade upon mutation, since that would only hinder their growth. Hence, when a Quip Zinger mutates, its strength remains the same. The only difference would be the creation of a Secondary Nature.

Whenever they mutate, a Quip Clansman will obtain the Secondary Nature of Accel Hurl. Whether they were at the Iron, Silver, or Gold Grade doesn't matter. They'll obtain Accel Hurl at the equivalent Grade as a Secondary Nature.

Inala didn't have an idea as to how he could awaken a Tertiary Nature naturally among his Quip Clansmen. But he intended to figure out a solution eventually, once he decided on his Tertiary Nature and finished changing Wittral into a Zinger Representative.

"Congratulations on your success, Inala." Two men and one woman approached Inala and bowed before him, controlling their urge to jump on him like usual. After all, they could no longer assume a miniature form to crawl across his body as in the past.

"You three don't need to act like this." Inala urged them to get up and hugged the trio, "Come here!"

"Hehe," The woman among the trio laughed as she kicked the two men to the side and jumped on Inala, latching onto him like a koala bear, "It has been a while…kyak!"

"Two seconds is more than enough." One of the men got up and yanked the woman to the side and took her place, his expression one of bliss the moment he touched Inala.

"Selfish brat!" The last of the trio pushed away the man embracing Inala and occupied the spot. It didn't take a couple of seconds before the trio began to fight for a spot. At first, faint gusts were generated from their attacks, but soon, the gusts turned into gales.

This trio was the most special among the Zinger Race, for Inala hatched them through the Boar King's Prana and Lifeforce and the Sanrey Plains and it was through their Prana that Inala created the Quip Tribe.

The first to evolve were this trio, and it was by harnessing upon their evolution that Inala became the Royal Zinger. And now, each of the trio stood at the pinnacle of the evolution paths available in the Quip Clan, wielding the strength of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast each.

Inala didn't admonish them, but instead stared at them with a proud gaze, 'They'll be the foundation of my strength in the future and lead the Quip Clan to greater heights.'

Gold Grade powerhouses at the 10-Life Stage were the leaders of the largest organisations in Sumatra. Raaha of the Mammoth Clan, Geugeu of the Cooter Clan, and Boul Brimgan of the Brimgan Empire.

In the future, the trio before him would take that status for the Quip Clan, because a glance at them, and Inala could predict easily that all three of them would reach 10-Life Stage. 'They'll become Gold Transcendents and watch over the Quip Clan from the Transcendent Worlds.'

'They are my Transcendent Trio!'



Chapter 583 Homing Satellite and Inhibition Bomb

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Guard!

Primary Nature—Homing Satellite!

This power was derived from the Enrinos and Enrans. The Primary Nature of Homing Satellite allowed the Zinger Guard to condense a Biome Bomb and attach it to any target with the same functions as an Enrino's Satellite.

In terms of power, this Biome Bomb was almost similar to the Royal Zinger's Biome Bomb, except for being unable to unleash strings of Prana to absorb Prana and Lifeforce from the target. Instead, physical touch was necessary.

So, it couldn't skittle around like an insect and collect resources on its own. Instead, its power was focused more on its Satellite capabilities.

The Satellite of an Enrino had a lot of limitations. The blatant limitation is the limited amount of Prana that can be infused into it. This meant that once the Satellite took action, it could not remain in function for long before consuming all its Prana.

Once it does so, it becomes no different from an inanimate piece of object. Only when the Enrino infuses Prana into it does it regain its function as a Satellite once again. Moreover, even if the Satellite never takes action, it wasn't Prana efficient.

Even when at rest, its Prana reserves deplete steadily. This limitation didn't exist in the Homing Satellite. When inactive, it could become no different from a piece of rock. When maintaining its functions as a Satellite to keep a watch on enemies, the amount of Prana it consumes was negligible.

It was still consuming a sufficient amount of Prana, since it was using them to keep a watch of its surroundings, just as an Enrino's Satellite. But at the end of the day, it was a Biome Bomb, one created by a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

So, just like the Gold Grade Biome Bomb that Inala could create, all the Prana and Lifespan absorbed by the Homing Satellite would condense within it in the form of a terrain. And when Prana was necessary, this terrain would dissolve to produce it.

Depending on the material condensed, the amount of Prana contained within a Gold Grade Biome Bomb was limitless.

At all Grades, it took 1000 units of Prana to create a Biome Bomb. At the Silver Grade, the Biome Bomb was capable of absorbing a maximum of 3600 Prana, the same as his Prana capacity. There was no limit from the Gold Grade onwards.

If Inala wanted to store an extreme amount of Prana in his Gold Grade Biome Bomb, he only needed to condense Bolts of Transcendence within. To create even a spark would require thousands of units of Prana.

So, storing Prana as Bolts of Transcendence was the densest possible way to store the greatest amount of Prana in a Biome Bomb.

This was similarly applied to the Homing Satellite. As a result, once it was fully filled up, it could operate for dozens of decades, if not more.

When fully suppressed, it could exist forever. After all, without functioning as a Satellite, it wouldn't be expending any Prana. A Biome Bomb was a stable entity, holding a world inside.

The Zinger Guard could make his Homing Satellites reactive to Zinger Shrieks. Basically, a certain shriek could be considered a key to activating it. Until then, the Homing Satellite would remain inanimate, not using even a single unit of Prana.

Zinger Guards were created to protect the Quip Clan. The primary Nature of Homing Satellite allowed them to create a series of guardians that could exist forever. Until the Prana within them is consumed, they will continue to do their duty.

As the Biome Bomb was naturally capable of sentient decision-making, as long as it had the creator's Prana, these guardians would continue to protect the Quip Clan.

There were even more ways to use them other than to create an army, which the Zinger Guards could explore and develop. Inala only laid the foundations, ensuring they could be freely developed.

"I'll name you Kenzar," Inala stared at the kneeling Zinger Guard to proclaim, "You'll be responsible for the defence of the Quip Clan. As the first of your kind and the leader of future Zinger Guards, I'll give you the suffix of Echo."

There would be four Gold Grade Zinger Variants. Depending on the Quip Clan's accumulations, they'd have several Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. For each variant, the strongest of their kind, acting as their leader would have the suffix of Echo to their name.

Until there arrives a Zinger Guard stronger than Kenzar, the suffix of Echo would be his. Until he retained this suffix, it implied he was the strongest Zinger Guard to exist in the Quip Clan.

Upon giving the Zinger Guard a name, Inala used the power of Tangible Piezo Slips to grant a stream of knowledge to Kenzar Echo that allowed the latter to get to his duties promptly. It allowed him to work on creating the Skills necessary for his work based on the given knowledge.

Seeing Kenzar Echo taking a seat to the side and comprehending the information given to him, Inala focused on his second target.

Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Princess!

Primary Nature—Inhibition Bomb!

This was a power derived from the infamous Millinger's Secondary Nature and made relevant to the genetics of the Zinger Race. Zingers were able to steal Prana and Lifeforce from the target. Typically, whether it was through a Prana Bomb or other sophisticated variants, they stole Prana externally.

Inhibition Bomb worked internally by trapping the target in the centre. It would pull Prana and Lifespan from the target radially, in a process no different from sapping away body heat.

As the target loses Prana and Lifespan, they'd be unable to move as quickly as usual, since they were constantly losing strength. Of course, when they don't do anything, the amount of Prana and Lifespan siphoned from their bodies isn't much.

After all, Prana needs to be pulled out from the body without contact. So, it was typically achieved by making Prana accumulate more in their sweat and pull out this vapour steadily through the pores on the skin.

But when the target uses their Primary Nature to condense any ability outside their body, that's when the Inhibition Bomb displays its true strength. Prana would rapidly be absorbed from the ability to the extent that it would appear to have been deconstructed before the target's eyes.

If the target happens to use a Spirit Weapon, they would experience an unbearable migraine. After all, the Spirit Weapon would be a door through which the Inhibition Bomb continues to suck out Prana.

Psychokinesis was achieved through a stream of Prana entering the Spirit Weapon from the cultivator's body. This would act as a channel for the Inhibition Bomb to suck out Prana from the target similar to pulling a thread from a yarn.

The Zinger Princess achieved the Millinger's power of Inhibition Dome through the Prana absorption capabilities of the Zinger Race. As it was a powerful ability, Inala used the tools available to the Zingers in such a way that the end result was similar to the Millinger's Secondary Nature.

But fundamentally, they were different. A Millinger's Inhibition Dome suppressed all external Prana emitted from the target body, like water from a dam crashing down on them from above, suppressing them to the limit. This suppression weakened them and prevented them from unleashing any external attacks.

The Zinger Princess's Inhibition Bomb instead stole the target's Prana and Lifespan, weakening them fundamentally. And the Prana composing any of their attacks was rapidly stolen. Without Prana to upkeep it, the ability dissipated.

Another difference was that the Millinger could only erect the Inhibition Dome around itself, making it occupy its Spirit Weapon range.

The Inhibition Bomb occupied the same volume as the Zinger Princess's Spirit Weapon range but could be hurled at the target, just like a Prana Bomb. Inhibition Bombs had sentient characteristics similar to Biome Bombs.

As long as it has the Zinger Princess's Prana in it, the Inhibition Bomb will continue to suck the Prana and Lifespan of all the targets in its confines and suppress their actions to the limit.

Similar to the Biome Bomb, both the Primary Nature of Homing Satellite and Inhibition Bomb required 1000 units of Prana to activate. Prana needs to be accumulated to activate them. Hence, they weren't abilities that could be unleashed instantly.

A few seconds were necessary at the very least, which could be considered a weakness, since they were Prana intensive Natures. But until their Primary Natures charged up, both the Zinger Guards and Zinger Princesses could rely upon Tangible Piezo Slips to buy time and keep the enemy at bay.

Besides, they had a Zinger body, so they could hurl rocks at the enemy, which would be devastating enough.

"I'll name you Zaihaya," Inala said and used a Tangible Piezo Slip to grant the Zinger Princess all the information necessary for her development, "You'll be the Quip Clan's spear. With your power, you can devastate the enemies from afar and suppress them to the extent they won't dare even pick up their Spirit Weapons."

As the sole Zinger Princess, she naturally received the suffix of Echo to be named Zaihaya Echo. In the future, she'll lead more Zinger Princesses, followed by an army of Zinger Aristocrats and Quip Zingers to war against their enemy forces.

Once she mutates and obtains the Secondary Nature of Accel Hurl, her attacks would become more devastating. From afar, she could hurl Inhibition Bombs and paralyse the enemy. Best of all, Inhibition Bombs won't disappear until they are either destroyed or run out of Prana.

The same tangible layer forming the boundary of a Biome Bomb formed it too. So, it'll remain sturdy when necessary and could allow objects to phase through it whenever needed.

She could first collect as many Inhibition Bombs as necessary, taking as much time as needed while recovering her Prana. Once she was ready, Zaihaya Echo could then take action and rain down Inhibition Bombs on the enemy.

Prana Bombs could be accumulated. That factor was carried over to the powers of both the Zinger Guard and Zinger Princess. Hence, the Quip Clan could pack some serious arsenal by taking advantage of their accumulative nature.

Given enough time to develop, they'd be unstoppable. Wean Clan? Inala wasn't worried. After all, he already obtained data from Brangara's children and knew how the powers of the Wean Clan functioned.

And his judgement? The Wean Clan could be dealt with by the Quip Clan, whether in terms of numbers or the powers of their peak cultivators. Therefore, Inala was waiting for the Wean Clan to develop.

Once they had developed enough, the Quip Clan would target them endearingly, 'And the place that I'm heading towards next would allow me to develop the Quip Clan faster.'

'Even if you learn about Sumatra Chronicles from Grehha, your knowledge would mostly be made redundant, since I'm making a base at the final battle location well in advance.' Inala thought as such and grinned faintly.



Chapter 584 Prison Bomb

Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Prince!

Primary Nature—Prison Bomb!

This was a power derived from the Clumped Finger's Primary Nature of Imprison. Imprison worked by accumulating a layer of minerals on the target body to transform them into a sculpture.

Prison Bomb's functions were even simpler. Biome Bombs at the Gold Grade were capable of creating a terrain. A Prison Bomb did exactly that.

It built a terrain around the target, trapping them in the centre of the Prison Bomb. The material could be whatever the Zinger Prince wanted and could be condensed to counter the characteristics of the target.

Also, the Prison Bomb functioned in such a way that the moment the captive target resisted and struggled to break free, the Prison Bomb would absorb their Prana and Lifespan to reinforce the terrain layering them.

Eventually, the target becomes completely imprisoned in the centre, unable to break free. A Prison Bomb was just a modified Biome Bomb. Hence, the activation requirements were the same.

A Prison Bomb was a frustrating ability to face, since even if one could break free from it, they'd be too exhausted to continue fighting. Besides, while they were fighting to break free, the Zinger Prince could casually condense another Prison Bomb and hurl it at them.

"I'll name you Kenka," Inala infused a sea of information into the latter through a Tangible Piezo Slip, "You'll exist to capture any targets necessary for the Quip Clan's development and will also act as a counter to future invasions. Depending on the situation, you'll be joining hands with the other Gold Grade Quip Clansmen for our objectives."

The Zinger Prince was named Kenka Echo, and became the second strongest Quip Clansman, right behind the Royal Zinger. Until the Zinger Representative came to be, he was the one who will be managing the Quip Clan's affairs.

With that, the three pinnacle Gold Grade cultivators of the Quip Clan became full-fledged Clansmen. They could now head into the wilds to carve their own territories.

Of course, Inala had no plans to send them out until they obtained their Secondary Nature. Only then would their powers not be compromised in the case Brangara chances upon them and consumes them.

Wittral observed Inala's exchange with the three Gold Grade Quip Clansmen, 'Beginner Gold, Intermediate Gold, and Advanced Gold. There are three terrifying Gold Grade variants.'

He then stared at himself, 'When I become a Quip Clansman, I'll become the fourth variant and the strongest of them all.'

"How long do I need to wait?" Wittral asked Inala, expectant of when he could become the Zinger Representative.

Many months had passed since Wittral decided to traverse alongside Inala on his path as the Royal Zinger. In these months, Inala had shared a lot of his plans with Wittral, keeping the latter up to speed with everything.

From the direction he wanted to develop the Quip Clan, plans to increase their population, locations where he could form settlements, the culture of the Quip Clan, etc. Inala told everything to Wittral and made plans according to the latter's input.

By now, despite being an Empyrean Snapper, Wittral subconsciously began to consider himself part of the Quip Clan. Upon seeing the Quip Clansmen use Mystic Royal Art, he felt jealous, 'I should have been the first one to use them.'

"Seriously, how long?" Wittral pouted.

"When a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's Spirit Container produces ten million units of Prana, a piece of Sumatra Gold is formed," Inala explained.

As the Mystic Grade Pranic Beast continues to generate Prana, similar to how honey can overflow out of a honeycomb, sediments begin to form around the Spirit Container. By the time ten million units of Prana are produced, the piece of Sumatra Gold finishes forming.

A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast typically lives until the end of its lifespan. After all, it faced no threat to its life. Generally, Mystic Empyrean Tentacles stayed put and experimented to further their strength while communicating with their Transcendents in the Transcendent Worlds.

They moved strategically and didn't involve themselves with anything that wasn't deemed worthy of their attention. Hence, they would be producing a few dozen pieces of Sumatra Gold during the entirety of their existence.

Conversely, the Boar King was different. His Primary Nature was Voracious Nature. He spent all his time running about wildly on Sumatra and consumed everything he deemed consumable. With an insatiable appetite and potent digestive power, his Spirit Container produced a lot of Prana.

86 Sumatra Gold!

That was how much he managed to produce in a mere two thousand years. And every time he killed and consumed an Empyrean Tusk, he produced a new piece. Inala found out about this from Brangara at the Attributed Region.

That was the piece of information he wanted the most and hence focused on that through his Biome Bombs, managing to extract it alongside Brangara's Prana and Lifespan.

For Inala to produce a piece, he would first have to become a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger and then simply absorb the Prana stored in his Biome Bomb. Once enough flows through his Spirit Container, a piece of Sumatra Gold would be created.

Having been accumulating Prana in the two Biome Bombs for the past few months, Inala barely had enough to produce a piece. But, he didn't do that, because that would be a waste of his accumulation.

Once he elevates himself to the Mystic Grade, Inala wanted to have at least a list of things to do so that he can take advantage of his prowess and deal with them promptly.

Wittral's race change, his Tertiary Nature, and the birth of enough Quip Zingers to populate his Clan. Inala wanted to achieve all of them at the same time. This way, he wasn't wasting the sheer amount of Prana and Lifespan used to elevate himself to the Mystic Grade.

"Currently, I barely have enough to produce a piece, but I won't have enough strength to complete your evolution. So, you'll need to wait a bit more." Inala continued, "Besides, the main ingredient necessary for your race change is present in the region alongside Sanctuary. Now that the Quip Clan can function properly, we can start heading there."

"Let's hurry then." Wittral urged Inala as the two Biome Bombs began to make their way into the Dralh Sea.

By now, there was a small layer of water across the entirety of the Dralh Sea's seabed. Water continued to gush out faintly from the Abyss Fall, which caused the Dralh Sea to begin recovering.

Other locations in the region weren't that well off, continuing to experience a drought. Currently, the Brimgan Empire took advantage of the water shortage to form deals with the Pranic Beast territories around them.

The Brimgan Sea was still dry, but that didn't mean the Brimgan Empire was helpless. Instead, they sent scout teams far and wide and discovered a river stream that wasn't involved in the production of the Attributed Region.

They dug a canal and funnelled the water into the Brimgan Empire's reservoir. They also set up large bases around the river to ensure their strategic needs weren't interfered with by their competing powers—the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Boul Brimgan was a diplomatic individual. He began to sell water to neighbouring Pranic Beast territories at a decently affordable rate. The price was through a barter system of resources, especially those produced in the Pranic Beast bodies.

Similar to the Red-Draft River, any river body in Sumatra Continent was home to the most terrifying of Pranic Beasts. Millingers were just one of the terrifying creatures in the Red-

Draft River.

Similarly, the river found by the Brimgan Empire was also dangerous enough. It was why other Pranic Beasts from the drought-filled regions couldn't approach the river. Doing so was suicide, since they'd be attacked by the Pranic Beasts native to the river.

Only the Brimgan Empire dared to approach the river, having the strength and means to do so. To ensure the success of this operation, Boul Brimgan sent Harla Brimgan to the scene.

The moment this powerhouse arrived at the river, the native Pranic Beasts were fiercely suppressed. After all, her strength now was vastly superior to what she possessed at the Second Major Disaster.

Thanks to the cultivation technique of Mystic Kinesis Art that Boul Brimgan gave her, with the Golden Giant's aid, Harla Brimgan obtained her Secondary Nature, able to now transform her Spirit Weapons into a Minor Treasure too.

That gave her more than enough power to freely contest against Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in their homes.

Even while operating in the vicinity of the Dralh Sea, Inala was still able to obtain information related to Harla Brimgan. Many Pranic Beasts at the Silver Grade were discussing this issue after all.

The two Biome Bombs landed on the thin layer of water as its six legs—the remaining two were used to hold each other as one—paddled in a flurry, carrying it forth on the water at a decent speed.

Abyss Ring was a heavily contested place, as that was the only habitable place in the Dralh Sea. So, all the natives were engaged in a bloody battle there, all whilst being swarmed by the Phells.

Swish!

As the Biome Bombs rowed across the water, followed by whistling sounds, thousands of Bludders raced past them, invading the Dralh Sea once again. When the Dralh Sea dried up, the natives there focused all their power to keep themselves alive.

This created a perfect chance for the Bludders to experience a grand feast. And they have been at it ever since the Second Major Disaster. As a result, the population of Bludders went out of control, causing them to spill out onto all the neighbouring regions.

'There are at least twenty times their numbers now as compared to the previous time I was at the Dralh Sea.' Inala thought and changed directions, not because of the Bludders, but to avoid the Empyrean Snappers that were returning to their homes from the Brimgan Empire.

Unlike in their hurried pace before, achieved by rapidly consuming their Spirit Pools, the Empyrean Snappers were returning at a cruise speed. Hence, even after so many months, they hadn't returned to the Abyss Ring yet.

Currently, they too were being targeted by the Bludders. Inala avoided them to ensure Wittral didn't come in contact with them. until Wittral became the Zinger Representative, Inala had no intentions to allow a reunion between the two.

Hence, before Wittral could even sense the Cooter Clan's activities, Inala changed directions and plunged into the water, taking advantage of the refractive index of water to ensure nothing beyond a certain range outside could be perceived from within the water.

Using the Bludders as an excuse, the Biome Bombs continued to move underwater, making a beeline to the Abyss Fall.



Chapter 585 Bludders: The Dralh Sea Dominators

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Bludder!

These little spinning balls of death were a happy bunch, content to annihilate Pranic Beasts in their vicinity and consume their corpses. As an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, Bludders had powerful fertility rates, able to balloon their population easily.

In the Guna Caves, they were typically kept in check by the Shifting Ants. A Bludder was easily capable of killing dozens of Shifting Ants before succumbing to one.

Until now, the population of Shifting Ants dwarfed the Bludders. As a result, there was balance in the Guna Caves. But all that changed when the Attributed Region revealed itself a month in advance. Due to this, the various water bodies in the region dried up, including the Dralh Sea.

Bludders invaded the Dralh Sea once every day in search of prey. It was also their best choice to fight against a group of enemies and flex their muscles. Oftentimes, Ewworms would latch onto their rectum and behave as their defensive partners.

The older a Bludder gets, the more sophisticated its Primary Nature becomes. Not only could it be unleashed faster, but also required less rotation than the young ones to unleash an Eddy Blade.

Generally due to their repeated invasions, the majority of the Bludders never lived long enough to attain old age. Dralh Sea had a lot of powerful Pranic Beasts that kept their numbers in check. But once the Dralh Sea dried up, all the native Pranic Beasts were busy protecting themselves, trying not to shrivel up and die of dehydration.

When the Bludders invaded, the resistance offered wasn't even a tenth as usual, allowing their harvest to balloon. This was maintained for months as the population of the Bludders kept increasing.

Guna Caves was no longer enough for them as they spilt out to all the surrounding regions.

At present, these Bludders charged at an Empyrean Snapper, appearing no different from rotating spheres as their figures skid across the water surface and targeted the Cooter Clan.

Fuooh!

The moment a Bludder moved within 180 metres from the Empyrean Snapper, the water and wind changed. There was a fluctuation before its body was shredded apart. Its death made no difference though as thousands of Bludders were targeting the Empyrean Snapper.

A tornado formed, acting as a layer of defence to prevent the Bludders from getting close. After all, even the Empyrean Snapper couldn't unleash multiple targeted attacks on the Bludders every second. The tornado was there to buy time.

A Bludder jumped into the tornado when it was carried by the winds and hurled far away into the Dralh Sea. A group observed this and stopped spinning, revealing their semi-serpentine bodies.

Six Bludders crawled towards each other and coiled to become a larger sphere. Their legs held onto each other to keep the combined sphere stable. Slowly, their bodies wriggled, causing the combined sphere to begin rotating.

It took a few seconds of correction before the combined sphere was able to stably spin about its axis. Once the Bludders were ready, the combined sphere rushed towards the tornado, accelerating in its approach.

When it neared the tornado, six Eddy Blades were unleashed at the same time, forming the shape of a hexagon. This hexagon formed a blur as it cut through the air forming the tornado right through its axis of rotation and casually passed through without facing the slightest resistance.

They had aligned their axis perfectly with the tornado and hence could cut through easily. Followed by a flicker, they arrived before the Empyrean Snapper as their Eddy Blades elongated in length.

Boom!

There was a thunderous sound as the flesh of the Empyrean Snapper resisted the blades, but in response, the combined sphere of Bludders increased their spin, transforming into a saw that actually began to cut into the Empyrean Snapper's flesh.

Water jutted out, sharpening like a needle to pierce through the combined sphere from an axis perpendicular to their spin. It punctured through the group and separated them. The needle of water split into six and accurately plunged into the six Bludders, killing them.

At the same time, three more combined spheres entered the tornado and targeted the Empyrean Snapper. Similarly to before, the Empyrean Snapper caused water to jut out abruptly and pierce through the combined sphere.

But the Bludders were wiser this time, having learnt from their fallen comrades. The hexagon being generated by the combined group changed its orientation as each Eddy Blade faced a certain axis. They were all positioned perpendicular to each other.

Now, when the combined sphere spun, it shred apart the water needle that targeted them. These Eddy Blades cut through things in every which way, perfect for defence as the combined sphere only needed to spin across a varying axis.

Immediately upon succeeding in the defence, the Eddy Blades changed forms, assuming the hexagon shape once again as they began to saw into the Empyrean Snapper.

A mist cloud condensed in the shape of a hand punched them, disrupting their actions. More and more mist hands bombarded them, intending to protect the Empyrean Snapper.

"Kill the Bludders!" The Cooter Clansmen had arrived to protect their Deity and kill the invaders.

Pillars of water jutted out like blades to pierce dozens of Bludders. Blades of wind were generated. A wall of mist was erected to block the eyesight of the Bludders. And there finally existed a tornado protecting the Empyrean Snapper.

The scene was no different from a cataclysm as the 38 Empyrean Snappers generated a fierce storm. But the number of Bludders targeting them showed no signs of reducing. There were just too many.

The culprit behind their spike in population was none other than Geugeu. After all, he mobilised the Empyrean Snappers from the Abyss Ring. Without the Empyrean Snappers to block them, millions of Phells invaded the Dralh Sea from the Abyss Fall.

Unsurprisingly, they were feasted upon by the Bludders. Phells were bladed fish with a needle nose. They exploded upon piercing a target to release spores, which germinated upon contact with blood and began growing.

As long as the larvae form successfully, they can continue to grow by absorbing minerals from the water. In eight months, they reach maturity. A single Phell succeeding in piercing a target was enough to birth thousands of Phells.

Hence, they were the most dangerous species that could easily destroy any ecosystem they were introduced to. The Cooter Clan had taken it upon themselves to stop the Phells at the Abyss Fall.

First was to protect the Dralh Sea. But the second reason was the most important. Phells were Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. they were rich with nutrients, especially for the voracious appetite of an Empyrean Snapper.

Thanks to the nonstop invasion of the Phells, the Cooter Clan at the Dralh Sea had a surplus of food, which allowed them to focus on creating medicines by using the excess resources.

But when they left for the Brimgan Empire, there was no one left to keep the Phells in check. The region within the Abyss Ring still had water, as it was quickly filled up from the geyser at the centre.

So, all the Pranic Beasts native to Dralh Sea gathered within the cramped Abyss Ring, causing repeated massacres as the space was too small for all of them to seek refuge. This crowded scenario created a breeding ground for the Phells.

And as water filled the Abyss Ring and spilt into the Dralh Sea, so did the fertilised spores of the Phells. By absorbing nutrients from the water, they quickly began to grow in numbers, resulting in them occupying the entirety of the Dralh Sea.

Even now, the water was shallow, barely reaching a metre at the highest spots on the Dralh Sea. In such areas, the Bludders had a field day.

A Phell's Primary Nature of Needle Mine took effect only when its needle nose pierced a target. Unfortunately for it, the spinning balls of death were too fast. The Phells missed their target all the time, as the bodies of Bludders were small, only reaching the size of a football when curled up.

Once they evade, the Bludders would continue to spin around the area, gathering more and more Phells to target it, all while evading their needle noses. And when enough had gathered, it would activate its Primary Nature. The Eddy Blades would sever through them all.

Even though it had used up 300 units of Prana for that one attack, the Bludder made a resounding profit. After all, Phells were Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. they were nutrition-rich enough for the Bludder to not only recover its Prana expenditure but also obtain an excess, allowing its Ewworm to also grow significantly.

Bludders hunted Phells in excess of their needs. And even then, the population of Phells didn't show a decline. Since there was a surplus of food, the Bludders mated fiercely and spawned offspring like crazy, proving that they were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

That resulted in the current scene where even Empyrean Snappers were struggling to survive. Each Empyrean Snapper killed hundreds of Bludders every second, but there was no change in the numbers targeting them.

The Bludders seemed infinite.

Arriving at a spot in the Dralh Sea that was the farthest from the group of Empyrean Snappers, Inala commented as he stared at Wittral, "The Dralh Sea has been taken over by the Bludders. They're the dominant force now."

"Sweet!" Instead of expressing worry, Wittral was all smiles, "Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. each Bludder has more than a thousand units of Prana."

"Yes," Inala grinned at his words, "You've read my mind perfectly."

An endless stream of Bludders? That was terrifying to others, but not him. After all, the Royal Zinger was capable of stealing both the Prana and Lifespan of its target. And thanks to the effects of the Major Treasure of Attribute that had been fused into his genetics, Inala didn't even need to use his Primary Nature.

As long as the target comes into contact with his Prana, he'd be able to steal their Prana and Lifespan. "This is a good opportunity to accumulate some battle experience before entering Abyss Fall."

"Quip Clan," Inala addressed the 43 Clansmen before him, "March out!"



Chapter 586 Laying Down a Foundation

﻿﻿Until now, only Inala's Biome Bombs hunted the Bludders. First of all, Inala had a lot of information to digest from his gains. Plus, he was focused on completing Mystic Royal Art. So, he couldn't personally target the Bludders.

The Quip Clan weren't functional without their cultivation technique, hence they remained immobile. Wittral could attack the Bludders without any issues, but Inala didn't mobilise the latter.

First was to prevent Wittral from chancing upon the Cooter Clan. Even though the Cooter Clan had abandoned him, he was still a proud Empyrean Snapper. The moment he takes pity on the Cooter Clan and helps them, a series of problems appear.

Wittral would be torn between his identities, which wouldn't bode well for his future. Hence, to prevent anything that could influence him negatively, Wittral was kept beside Inala.

Second was a means of protection. Inala was in a helpless state while he comprehended all the data in his possession. His Quip Clan too couldn't take action. Hence, Wittral was necessary to protect them from dangers.

As a result, only the two Biome Bombs were hunting other Pranic Beasts.

Since Inala completed the Quip Clan's cultivation technique and managed to categorise the information in his mind space to a sufficient extent, he could take action.

Everyone entered the first Biome Bomb that reverted to its original size, becoming a sphere with a radius of 180 metres. An entrance opened as the Quip Clansmen walked out, immediately attacking the Bludders.

The Zinger Aristocrats used a string of Prana to hover at a height of 100 metres from the ground. Currently, they were all at the 2-Life Stage, allowing them to have a Spirit Weapon range of 360 metres.

But that was their maximum Spirit Weapon range. Their optimal range was around 216 metres. Since a hundred metres was more than enough to remain beyond the range of Bludder attacks, they maintained themselves at that altitude and attacked.

Mystic Royal Art—Piezo Resonance!

This was a Skill created to condense the second function of Mystic Royal Art, which relied upon the Zinger Shriek to resonate with the skins of their target and extract some information from them. This was useful for both information extraction and to detect the position of all living beings in their vicinity.

Currently, the Quip Clan only has three basic Skills: Piezo Resonance, Piezo Slip, and Tangible Piezo Slip. As they were all functions built into Mystic Royal Art, Inala conceptualised them into Skills.

To create any other Skills, information was necessary. Hence, the Quip Clan was using Mystic Royal Art to gather experience related to it. Based upon that, they would formulate ideas for Skills. In the future, their accumulations would reach a tipping point to create even a Prime Skill.

"Tch!" Gappu frowned as she listened in on the faint Zinger Shrieks produced by the skin of the targeted Bludders, "I'm only able to extract nonsense information from them."

"This is the first time you're using the Skill." An Aristocratic Zinger commented while in a seated pose, using a string of Prana to keep herself at the altitude of 100 metres above the water surface, "It is arrogant of you to expect anything more than this."

"I know, I know." Gappu groaned and continued to use the Skill of Piezo Response more.

The Bludders spun across the water surface and targeted the strings of Prana. A flash of its Eddy Blade, and the string of Prana was severed.

"Eh?" An unsuspecting Zinger Aristocrat was stunned to lose her balance and fall, "Kyak!"

"Be careful, idiot!" A nearby Zinger Aristocrat used her second string of Prana to grab the falling woman and pull her up, "Always be ready to use your second string as a pillar when your first gets destroyed."

Seeing their targets remain out of their reach, a Bludder raced towards its brethren. When close, both unleashed their Eddy Blades. When the Eddy Blades accurately slammed into each other, the impact force sent one of the Bludders flying into the sky, making a beeline for a Zinger Aristocrat.

It was a planned assault. The Bludder had promptly made the plan and took action. By the time the Zinger Aristocrat reacted, it was too late as the Bludder flashed with Prana to target her neck.

It moved across the Zinger Aristocrat and landed on the water surface, rotating a few times to divert the momentum of its fall. After making a curve on the water, it arrived at the stop, turning around to observe the woman it had targeted.

A moment's confusion later, it was stunned to see that the woman was still alive.

"This…?" The Zinger Aristocrat noticed a thin layer of mist covering her neck, sporting a gash. In realisation, she stared at Wittral and bowed in gratitude, "I would have died if not for you."

"Maintain alertness," Wittral nodded calmly and surveyed the area. When the Bludder targeted the Zinger Aristocrat, he created a layer of mist at the targeted spot. The Bludder's Eddy Blade cut through a good chunk of the mist layer but failed to reach the woman's neck.

If not for Wittral, the woman would have been beheaded.

Secondary Nature—Empyrean Mist Deity!

It allowed Wittral to condense fluids anywhere in his Spirit Weapon range and use them as his Spirit Weapon. When this is combined with his Tertiary Nature of Subtle Imprison, Wittral could instantly form a layer on his target, one that couldn't be severed through by even a Bludder.

The Bludder's Eddy Blade cost 300 units of Prana while the layer of mist Wittral created on the woman's neck only cost 80 Prana. In terms of ability effectiveness, Wittral was superior.

Of course, things would have been different had the woman been on the ground. With a platform to move upon, the Bludder could have turned into a saw and cut through the mist layer and the woman's neck. Wittral would probably have to expend more than 300 units of Prana to protect her in that case.

It was why abilities have to be used strategically. Since the woman was high up in the sky, Wittral could protect her with minimal Prana while the Bludder needlessly wasted 300 units.

"Eh?" Wittral was surprised to see that his Prana reserves were back at full capacity. He stared at Inala to sense a stream of Prana touching his skin before seeping into his body. "You can do this too?"

"Yup," Inala nodded as he stole Prana from a Bludder, refined and elevated it to the Silver Grade, and then converted it to a form easy for Wittral to digest as he supplied it to him, all within the span of a second.

"Don't worry about Prana expenditure and just use your abilities recklessly." Inala shouted at the Quip Clansmen, "You need to first familiarise yourselves with your Primary Nature and cultivation technique."

"Yes!" Gappu laughed and used a string of Prana to grab a Phell and threw it towards a Bludder like a dart. She used the Tangible Piezo Slip to bombard some useless information onto the targeted Bludder, causing the latter's body to flinch for an instant when the Phell stabbed it and exploded in response.

Right at that moment, a couple of Zinger Aristocrats took action as they combined their strings to coil into a sphere around the Bludder, containing the explosion within. "Ahh! My head feels like it would crumble!"

Tanking the explosion through their Prana string resulted in a strain on their minds. But a stream of Lifespan supplied by the Royal Zinger and they were back to an optimal state of being, "You're the best, Lord Inala!"

Wittral protected them from harm while Inala supplied them with Prana and healed them using Lifespan. This way, the Quip Clansmen could rapidly accumulate battle experience.

Though they were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, Bludders were tricky opponents to face, since they would learn upon the mistakes of their brethren and build upon that to target their opponents better.

Moreover, they were rapid, whether in their attacks or when they changed a plan. So, reacting to them allowed the Quip Clan to accumulate practical experience quickly.

"Aren't we in a race against time?" Wittral asked Inala in concern, "Don't we need to develop before Brangara begins building up strength?"

"We're indeed in a race against time," Inala nodded and stared at the Quip Clan, "But this is a necessary process. They weren't born as part of the Quip Clan but evolved into one later in life. So, there's a lot they don't know, including myself."

"We need to first understand our strengths and weaknesses." Inala stared at the Bludders, "To know that, we must experience a lot of things first. Rushing through this process is detrimental to our future."

"Whether it is the Mammoth Clan or the Cooter Clan, they weren't built in a day." Inala smiled wryly, "To reach their height and even surpass them, we need to develop traditionally through the accumulation of knowledge, experience, and wisdom over a period of time."

"But Brangara will become terrifying by then," Wittral frowned, "Even if the Quip Clan surpasses the Mammoth and Cooter Clans, the Celestial Boar can still annihilate them overnight."

"You're right about that, but the Quip Clan won't be fighting him but instead the Wean Clan." Inala smiled in confidence, "I'll be the one to fight him."

"Don't worry, even Brangara cannot gloss over this process. So, his Wean Clan must currently be undergoing the same thing as us." Inala stared at the Quip Clansmen, "What do you think is the most terrifying of all, Wittral?"

"Power?" Wittral tilted his head, not sure about his answer.

"Nope," Inala laughed, "There's one reason the Mammoth Clan was able to create the Seven Mystic Paths while the Cooter Clan didn't, even when both Clans are touted to be equal. It's thanks to this one resource that's the most precious of them all,"

"Ideas!"



Chapter 587 Entering the Abyss Fall

﻿﻿For close to a month, the Quip Clan fought against the Bludders while making their way to the Abyss Ring. Inala made sure that they would be appearing here before the Cooter Clan, keeping watch through his exceptional eyesight to prevent the Cooter Clan from coming within Wittral's line of sight.

If they ever came in proximity, Inala picked faint traces of them over the horizon. It was so far away that even Wittral couldn't make out the Cooter Clan. Immediately in response, Inala moved the Biome Bombs deeper into the Dralh Sea.

'We can no longer stay here.' Inala thought as he judged that in a couple of hours, the Cooter Clan would be arriving at the Abyss Ring. "Let's get going. Everyone, return home."

At his words, the Quip Clansmen entered the Biome Bomb whose interiors were filled now. Like the compartments of a train, two Prana strings—one per Biome Bomb—connected to form a passageway, allowing for travel between the two Biome Bombs.

The region was a mimicry of the Dieng Canyon in terms of terrain, except for massively elevated plateaus. There wasn't enough space within the Biome Bombs to construct the elevated plateaus, so Inala simply resorted to building 40-metre-tall plateaus.

Water flowed through some of the canyons while trees littered the place, with the majority being Baobab Trees. The terrain was condensed through Prana while the trees were condensed using Lifespan.

The Biome was rich with life now, making it a suitable place for the Quip Clan to live. But upon finishing it, Inala wasn't satisfied, 'Range, I need more Spirit Weapon range.'

If Inala obtained the Tertiary Nature that boosted his Spirit Weapon range, at the Mystic Grade, Inala would have a range of 18 kilometres. It equated to him being able to create Biome Bombs with a radius of 18 kilometres.

Basically, each Biome Bomb would be as massive as a city, capable of housing a large population of Quip Zingers. Once such a massive biome is created, at least one Parute Tree would spawn within, allowing the Quip Clan in it to be self-sufficient.

But Inala couldn't give up Cultivator either. Being able to stack bodies elevated him whole in the fields of body, mind, and soul. His Royal Zinger form would have enough physical strength to hurl projectiles farther than he could at present.

His mind would be more robust, capable of performing actions even a Royal Zinger struggled to do. Basically, if he had enough stack of bodies, Inala's mind would be robust enough to freely manipulate even Bolts of Transcendence and the grey sand that he could create in his Biome Bomb.

When he fought Brangara at the Attributed Region, Inala struggled to freely manipulate grey sand even in his Mystic Grade Royal Zinger form. But if he was at the 4-Life Stage or above, this would be a cakewalk.

Bolts of Transcendence, Sandy-Grey Void, Attributed Region; Inala would be able to freely create and control them once he has enough bodies stacked upon himself.

Both were vital to his strength. Honestly, if he could manage to somehow obtain both powers, Inala would become a terrifying opponent even against the Celestial Boar. 'But I don't have any ideas on how to stably integrate them with my existing powers.'

This was the issue he was facing. The Royal Zinger could skip grades, and when it did, its Primary and Secondary Natures evolved or devolved accordingly. To ensure that the influences positively stack upon his ideals and not collapse his fine-tuned powerset, Inala had to build his Tertiary Nature and seamlessly integrate it with his existing setup.

Otherwise, even a mild miscalculation would result in his implosion if the Tertiary Nature is anything less than perfect for him. Currently, he didn't have a method to possess both the first and second of his three paths for a Tertiary Nature, 'I need to work on that next.'

In the past month, Inala spawned 100 Quip Zingers, realising how large of a money sink this process was. The reason was simple.

A Life Bomb hatched a Zinger Scout through the Prana of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast. A Silver Grade Pranic Beast's Prana hatched Zinger Captains, with a faint chance of Zinger Commanders.

The Prana of Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beasts such as a Centinger and Grim Knell had a higher chance of hatching a Zinger Commander.

The Prana of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast was guaranteed to hatch a Zinger Commander, with a non-zero chance of birthing a Zinger King.

Only the Prana of Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts such as an Empyrean Tusk or Empyrean Snapper was guaranteed to birth a Zinger King. Similarly, a Zinger Queen could only be birthed through the Lifespan of an Empyrean Tusk or Snapper.

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger King!

To birth this, the Prana of an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast was necessary. Quip Zingers were Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts too. They were similar to Zinger Kings. The only difference was their potential for evolution.

Therefore, to hatch a Quip Zinger, Inala needed Prana on the quality of an Empyrean Tusk. Currently, as a Silver Grade Royal Zinger, whatever Prana Inala absorbs would be converted into Silver Grade Prana.

For the Royal Zinger, one unit of Silver Grade Prana is produced by absorbing 18 units of Prana of an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

As an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the Royal Zinger stored Prana at the peak of the Silver Grade. Therefore, 18 units of a Bludder's Prana became one unit of Prana in his possession.

To convert it into Gold Grade Prana, 180 units of Silver Grade Prana were compressed and refined into a unit of Gold Grade Prana. This conversion would naturally happen when Inala elevates himself to the Gold Grade.

Iron Grade Prana was the simplest, followed by Silver Grade. Hence, it was easy to compress and refine Iron Grade Prana into Silver Grade. However, it became progressively harder for higher levels, which increased the refinement cost.

As a result, a whopping 1800 units of Gold Grade Prana were required by the Royal Zinger to refine one unit of Mystic Grade Prana. Prana at the Mystic Grade was perfect, an energy medium without defects.

Mystic Grade Prana alone had power on par with a Nature. It was why many Pranic Beasts could mutate simply by consuming the Boar King's Prana.

Kenzar, Kenka, and Zaihaya had infinite growth potential just because they were birthed using the Boar King's Prana and Lifespan. Similarly, Inala held five Natures at one point in time solely through the Boar King's Prana.

The Mystic Grade Royal Zinger's Prana was equally special. So, it wasn't a wonder that the refinement costs were blatantly astronomical. After all, the closer to perfect one got, the greater the resources consumed.

It was easier to get from 10 percent efficiency to 20 percent. But getting from 99.8 percent to 99.9 percent required everything to be perfect, without any room for error. And the production costs were also exorbitant.

Inala calculated that to spawn a Quip Zinger, he needed to consume 21,600 units of Silver Grade Prana. This merely equalled 120 units of Gold Grade Prana on the quality of an Empyrean Tusk.

Basically, Inala had to absorb the Prana of 332 adult Bludders to birth a Quip Zinger. Honestly, it was a serious drain of resources, but there was no other choice.

For the time being, Inala had to increase their population of the Quip Zingers. Once enough of them appeared, they'd accumulate Prana through Prana Bombs, making it less stressful for Inala to gather Prana.

Moreover, the Zinger Aristocrats would be able to mate through the traditional way to birth more Quip Clansmen. Depending on their Royal Zinger gene accumulation, the strength of their progeny was decided.

If the Quip Zinger was significantly developed, there was a higher chance of his mating with the Zinger Aristocrat to result in a Zinger Aristocrat as progeny. Once there were enough Zinger Aristocrats, the Quip Clan's numbers would increase on their own.

Inala could then conserve the Prana he was stealing to focus on the creation of Sumatra Gold, Bolts of Transcendence, etc.

'Everything requires Prana.' He thought as the two Biome Bombs swam through the water region in the Abyss Ring. Many Pranic Beasts tried to target this tiny entity swimming in their midst. But with the release of the Mystic Grade Royal Zinger's presence, their bodies became numb in fright.

A total of twelve strings of Prana jutted out of the train of Biome Bombs, absorbing the Prana and Lifespan of all Pranic Beasts in its vicinity. The Gold Grade Pranic Beasts parted ways while the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts fled in a hurry.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beasts lost their minds and wreaked havoc. Ignoring the chaos caused by him, Inala brought the Biome Bomb train to the Abyss Fall and stared at the geyser reaching a height of eighty metres, continuing to increase in size and volume.

Eventually, it would recover to its original grandeur once the water levels of the region recover to normalcy.

"Let's go." At his words, the Biome Bomb train leapt into the Abyss Fall, revealing its true weight. As a result, it fell through it, despite the pressure of water projecting upwards.

Through the water, it fell, heading deeper and deeper until they were plunged into darkness. The only sounds originated from the impact of the water on the Biome Bomb train. From time to time, Inala reverted some of the terrain to Prana and used it to repair the damage on the Biome Bomb train.

Thanks to its sheer density, it continued to fall. Inala modified its shape to resemble a bullet, making it easier to continue falling. Continuously, constantly, while being bombarded by the turbulent water, the Biome Bomb train fell, for days.

"How long?" Wittral asked, getting unnerved by the constant darkness which made him recall the Sandy-Grey Void.

"I don't know." Inala scratched his cheek, "This is the first time I'm using this path."

"What?" Wittral trembled in worry, "We're doomed!"



Chapter 588 Interrogating Yennda

﻿﻿Boom!

Yarsha Zahara punched Yennda the moment she revived him, bellowing upon seeing his dislocated jaw, "Why did you target my kids?"

"They were innocent."

"Koff…khaa!" Brana stood next to her, coughing constantly. The same as his siblings, he felt weak, unable to think straight. His body was hot, fragile, suffered from bouts of cold waves, and worst of all, his skin was covered by warts now, damn itchy.

The warts exploded from time to time, oozing out pus, with every explosion generating pain across his body, as if he was being electrocuted. By now, Brana could no longer suppress the disease through his Prana.

His body's condition had worsened significantly. But strangely, no matter how worse his condition got, not for a moment did Brana think he would die. It was strange, as that seemed to be how the disease plaguing him functioned.

Varahan Enclave!

Upon returning to their home, Yarsha Zahara had been consuming food to the limits of her physical self daily, condensing the generated Prana into the two fruits she had stolen from the Transcendent Eater.

Her priority was to first revive Yennda, for he was the culprit behind the infection of her children. It took her close to eleven months just to accumulate enough Prana to revive Yennda. This was while being fed nutrient-rich meat of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that Brangara had hunted for her.

Blola could casually revive Yennda in a matter of hours. The sheer difference in capability was terrifying as the Transcendent Eater didn't need to consume flesh for energy. Instead, it was a tree, capable of building up all the energy it needed by sucking in nutrients from the soil.

Yennda was an Iron Grade cultivator. It took Yarsha Zahara eleven months to revive him. Grehha was at the Silver Grade. So, it'll take her a few years to revive him.

"Why? Dammit!" She bellowed at the silent Yennda, "Answer me!"

"Force me to answer, and I will." Yennda replied calmly as he reoriented his jaw, unflinching at the injury, "Are you incapable of that?"

"Fine!" She grunted and exerted her control over Yennda. It was the control a Transcendent Eater could exert on the individuals it had revived. Immediately in response, she observed Yennda's body tremble as his mouth opened, ready to answer, "Tell me, now!"

"To buy time until we obtained the Attribute," After a few seconds, Yennda didn't resist anymore and began to speak, "We knew the Boar King would prioritise his kids. So, when they infected, he'd no longer have the freedom to worry about obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute. Instead, he'd take his children and rush to the Cooter Clan."

"That's it?" Yarsha Zahara glared at Yennda, "You infected my children just to avoid a confrontation with my husband?"

"Yup," Yennda nodded, "As long as the Boar King was away, we were confident that at least one of us would obtain the Attribute."

"Then…" Her eyes filled with rage, "Why did Resha kill Yaha and Hara?"

"Do you mean your youngest daughters?" Yennda shrugged, "How am I supposed to know that? You have a better grasp of his mind than me. So, you make the guess."

Her face scowled as she could picturise dozens of reasons. "Bastard!"

"You made your choice and he made his. No hard feelings, alright?" Yennda said when Brana stomped on his leg and flattened it into a paste.

"No hard feelings? Fucker, two of my sisters died!" Brana cursed, "I'll annihilate the Mammoth Clan."

"Pfft!" Yennda laughed at his words, "Annihilate the Mammoth Clan? Who?"

He stared at Brana, "You?"

"This fucker!" Brana glared in rage at Yennda's words of mockery.

"I don't mean to be rude, but you're not Brangara." Yennda said, "So, don't behave as if you can target the Mammoth Clan. Before the Mammoth Clan, your strength is inconsequential."

Brana had Gold Grade strength, capable of transforming into the Empyrean Boar through his Primary Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation. And upon transformation, he could activate his Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature to consume Pranic Beasts and steal their Primary Natures.

Basically, he was an Empyrean Boar without the defects of one. As a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, he could easily be the overlord of a region. But, at his threat, Yennda simply laughed in mockery, infuriating him.

"Look, the reason you're still alive is that I didn't want to antagonise your father." Yennda spoke casually, "Otherwise, I wouldn't have gone out of my way to ensure the infection doesn't kill you. It was significantly harder to create this infection than one that could straight up kill you."

"And I'm the weakest of the Mammoth Clan's trump cards."

"Tell me more about these trump cards," Yarsha Zahara said, getting pissed to see Yennda turn silent at her words. She grunted, experiencing a headache as she used the power of the Transcendent Eater to force Yennda to speak, "Answer!"

"There are seven trump cards," Yennda said, "Violet, Indigo, Blue, Green, Yellow, Orange, and Red. Each colour specialises in a certain field and is preparing to kill Brangara."

"By the way, I'm yellow." Yennda stared at Yarsha Zahara, "The other guy in your captive is green. Resha is Red, Inala is Indigo. That tree guy is Blue. And finally, Ruvva's father is Violet."

'This bastard!' Yarsha Zahara flinched in shock at the last statement. Unfortunately, it was too late to stop it.

"Ruvva's father…isn't dad?" Brana heard the statement, muttering in confusion as he stared at Yarsha Zahara, "What is he talking about, mother?"

Yennda observed that he could no longer speak, for Yarsha Zahara was fully suppressing his ability to speak now. He simply revealed a smile at her desperate efforts, 'I'm not worried about torture or death. I've been through worse daily.'

He calmly stared at Yarsha Zahara, 'You can indeed extract information from me, Yarsha. But there will be baggage related to it.'

Death? He was unconcerned, as he would be revived by Blola anyway. If he dies here, he'll be revived at the Mammoth Clan. So, Yennda wasn't nervous.

Besides, even if he ended up leaking information, it was none of his worries. Yennda was simply alive because he refused to stay dead. As to why he continued to persist with life, he himself wasn't sure.

So, he simply proceeded with how things were and did stuff when asked of him by the Mammoth Clan. Like a robot, he lived. It was why Yarsha Zahara made a mistake reviving him first.

After all, there was no way she could threaten him. Death? That would only free him from her control. Torture? He had been subject to that daily and had been desensitised. So, the only way she could make him talk is by forcing her control over him.

The moment she removes her control, Yennda will commit suicide. Hence, his presence only served to add to her stress.

"It's nothing," Yarsha Zahara motioned for Brana to get some rest, "I'll figure out a way to cure you. Just rest for the time being."

"…Okay," Brana spoke sullenly as he returned home to an eight-

story palace that had been constructed at the Varahan Enclave alongside a marsh using the Nature of a Rockatrice.

"Is he talking?" Brangara exited the house upon seeing Brana arrive.

"Dad, can I ask you something?" Brana stared at Brangara, hesitant for a few seconds before asking, "Is…Ruvva not my sister?"

"She is your sister," Brangara tilted his head, "Why are you unsure about that."

"Because you're not her father," Brana gritted his teeth, "Loot, that fucker. I know that he's the cause. At our mansion in the Brimgan Empire, he occupied my body. At that time, he expressed his intention to sleep with Mom!"

"I know," Brangara revealed a wry smile, "Loot can assume my appearance. So, he fooled your mother. The individual you all met at the Varahan Mansion ten months before Ruvva's birth wasn't the body I left underground, but Loot."

As he heard more, Brana's expression crumbled as tears streamed down his eyes, "This is…messed up! Why are those fuckers targeting us like this? We never harmed anyone!"

"We didn't, but I did." Brangara said as his eyes turned cold, "In war, there is nothing that cannot be done for victory. Our enemies are those with no limit for underhanded tactics. They cannot openly fight against me, you see."

"Dad, when I said I would annihilate the Mammoth Clan, that Yennda fucker laughed in mockery!" Brana expressed his rage, "He's underestimating us!"

"He's not," Brangara sighed, "The current you is indeed not a threat to the Mammoth Clan. You haven't sensed it since you've been infected, but at the Attributed Region, I sensed Empyrean Tusks in human form. They all had a Secondary Nature."

He pointed at Brana, "The gigantic size of the Empyrean Tusk is their greatest strength. After all, they don't need a Nature to attack. Simply the weight of their bodies is enough to crush all opposition. But I'm their counter. I evolved to kill them. Hence, their massive bodies became a weakness against me."

"But now, they're able to assume human form, which means that not only can they hide themselves, but they're also able to fight me with tactics they couldn't use before." Brangara said, "Based on what I sensed, their Secondary Nature reinforces their abilities in a completely new direction."

"If you come face to face with an Empyrean Tusk," Brangara shook his head, "A hundred times out of a hundred, you'll be killed in a few moves."

"How is that possible?" Brana expressed his shock, "Aren't we both Gold Grade Pranic Beasts? I too have a Secondary Nature!"

"Your Primary and Secondary Natures combined result in the power of an Empyrean Boar." Brangara spoke, "It's not creating anything new for you to use. Besides, Empyrean Tusks are a bad match for us."

"I evolved to counter them, but the regular Empyrean Boars," Brangara shook his head, "You won't even be able to get close to an Empyrean Tusk before being bombarded with shockwaves."



Chapter 589 Tangible Treasure

Among the billions of races in Sumatra, only two races were regarded as Deities—Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers.

Mystic Empyrean Tentacles too were regarded as Deities, but only the Mystic Grade variant. Ven the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast wasn't considered a Deity.

This status was special, reserved only for two creatures. They were special, displaying pinnacle evolution potential in all fields. But the primary reason was simple—their capabilities exceeded Gold Grade.

An Empyrean Tusk was a walking reserve of resources, possessing multiple biomes in its body where life could exist. Mammoth Clansmen lived in its body while it accessed their thoughts to exist as an omniscient being.

Though Empyrean Tusks were killed by the Boar King, it took a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to kill them. To date, no existence below Mystic Grade managed to kill an Empyrean Tusk in a one-on-one fight.

Swarm tactics on the level of a Minor Crisis was required at the very least to threaten an Empyrean Tusk. This was when it couldn't assume human form.

But now, if a swarm were to target it, the Empyrean Tusk could flee in human form. After becoming a small target, it became hard to target the Empyrean Tusk like before. This single variable made killing an Empyrean Tusk incomprehensibly harder.

This was why Brangara didn't bother targeting the Empyrean Tusks in the Attributed Region, because he wasn't confident of killing them until he fully grasped his abilities. Besides, despite growing stronger and now possessing a Secondary Nature, all the Empyrean Tusks were afraid of him.

This meant that they would constantly focus on running away. In human form, with the aid of Internal Inertial Gravity, an Empyrean Tusk was annoying to catch up to. Even he would have to spend a considerable time to catch up to one.

"Then, what should we do?" Brana expressed his frustration, "When we face the Mammoth Clan again, I don't want to become a helpless target. I want to be strong enough to face an Empyrean Tusk and win!"

"You will," Brangara said in confidence, "Unlike an Empyrean Tusk, you can progress through the Life Stage. Once you reach the 6-Life Stage, you'll be able to fight on par with an Empyrean Tusk. And once you get the hang of using Voracious Nature, you can arm yourself with suitable Natures to counter your opponents."

Brana was already at the 2-Life Stage. With the growth speed of an Empyrean Boar, cultivating was never an issue for him. He could breeze through the Life Stage as long as he had sufficient food.

"That's our advantage," Brangara explained, "Currently, our Wean Clan is weaker, but that's only because we've begun our journey. The Mammoth Clan is nearing the end of its journey, so they're stronger than us by a large extent. However, it's just a matter of time before we reign supreme."

"Yes!" Brana was happy to hear it as he ran towards one of the rooms of the palace, intending to converse with his siblings.

Brangara stared at the back of his son with a faint smile, 'He's growing well. He has a good head above his shoulders. He's still young, and is controlled by his emotions. But once he overcomes that, he'll become strong.'

"Let's see, what was I supposed to do now?" Brangara frowned a bit before recalling, "Ah, I've to catch some Natures."

Tertiary Nature—Major Treasure!

Major Treasure—Tangible Natures!

This was a ground-breaking power that broke all semblance of logic, because it was a Major Treasure. Just like every single Major Treasure, Tangible Natures was a power that exceeded the power system of Sumatra.

In the past eleven months, Brangara had been experimenting with it to learn the ins and outs of this power. In the end, he concluded that his Wean Clan would have unsurpassable potential. The reason was simple.

Through Voracious Nature, Brangara could consume the Primary Natures of all Pranic Beasts and condense them in his Astral World in the form of a Tangible Nature. Astral World was an evolved version of Astral Chart, but there was a large difference here.

Primary Natures were suppressed and stored in the Astral Chart. But in the Astral World, they could live as Tangible Natures and be influenced by Brangara. The longer they lived here, the stronger the influence on them, making it easier for Brangara to control them.

And as they lived, they'd develop Skills and Prime Skills, allowing Brangara to use them all once he started to activate the respective Tangible Nature. But the greatest aspect of his abilities lay in his Primary Nature.

Voracious Cultivator was a fusion of Voracious Nature and Cultivator. It had two aspects to it. First of all, it allowed Brangara to cultivate through the Life Stage. The second aspect was what caused Transcendents to pay attention to him, making him a target for multiple Continents.

The effect of Cultivator could be unleashed upon all the Tangible Natures in his Astral World. Basically, if he had an Empyrean Tusk as a Tangible Nature, by roaming around the Astral World and consuming the resources there, the Empyrean Tusk would grow. And once its accumulations reach a certain point, it can enter the 2-Life Stage.

Basically, when Brangara activates that Tangible Nature, he isn't using a Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, but a stacked Internal Inertial Gravity. The power would be on par with a 2-

Life Stage Empyrean Tusk.

Voracious Cultivator, Astral World, and Major Treasure worked harmoniously as one to create Tangible Natures that Brangara could employ for his use.

Astral World was only able to store 100 Natures, the same as Astral Chart. But this was for unique Natures. If an Empyrean Tusk Tangible Nature reaches the 2-Life Stage or beyond, it would still be considered as one unique Nature, occupying only one slot of a hundred.

After all, this Empyrean Tusk Tangible Nature lived as a stacked body. Secondly, the size of Astral World wasn't fixed. It varied depending on the size of the Tangible Natures.

Basically, if Brangara had multiple Tangible Natures of Empyrean Tusks in his Astral World, to accommodate such massive creatures, his Astral World would become massive, spanning dozens of kilometres to allow the Empyrean Tusk Tangible Natures to graze around and live similar to their lives on Sumatra.

If the Natures all belonged to Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the Tangible Natures would be small, not requiring much space. Astral World would shrink in that scenario.

Currently, Astral World was small as Brangara had already used up all his Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. He would have to consume at least one Empyrean Tusk to rapidly expand the size of his Astral World.

After all, a bigger Astral World meant more resources for the Tangible Natures to consume and use. These resources were condensed by Brangara's Prana, but they could only be used by the Tangible Natures. He wouldn't be able to use the Prana stored in the Astral World.

It didn't matter much as once Brangara enters the Life Stage once again, he'd have more than enough Prana to use even powerful Gold Grade Natures.

Tangible Natures were the product of a Major Treasure. Brangara could fuse a Tangible Nature in the body of another creature. This had a limitation in that the Grade of the Tangible Nature cannot exceed the target's Grade.

Brangara could place an Iron or Silver Grade Tangible Nature in the body of a Centinger, as it was a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. But he cannot place a Gold Grade Tangible Nature on a Centinger. Doing so would overburden the Centinger's body and cause it to explode.

The second limitation was that he could only place one Tangible Nature in the body of a third party. Through his experiments, Brangara figured out that only individuals capable of fusing with a Minor Treasure can handle holding a Tangible Nature.

This Tangible Nature will exist as their trump card. Of course, once it takes action, it would dissipate. Similar to the Natures in Astral Chart, all Tangible Natures were one-time use abilities, whether it was Brangara or someone else using them.

But when Brangara uses all of his three Natures synchronously, the Tangible Natures could stack bodies and progress through the Life Stage. And when they reach the 10-Life Stage, there is a nonzero chance they could fuse into a singular entity.

Tangible Treasure!

When it becomes a Tangible Treasure, it won't dissipate, no matter how many times it is used. It was this that gave Brangara the confidence of strengthening the Wean Clan. He planned to cultivate Iron Grade Tangible Natures into a Tangible Treasure.

Even this would cost an astronomical sum of resources. And obviously, as the Tangible Natures were stacking bodies, they suffered from the same risk as a Life Stage cultivator. If there was the slightest defect in their stack, they'd implode.

This risk increased exponentially the higher the stacked bodies became. Following that, the success rate of a 10-Life Stage Tangible Nature becoming a Tangible Treasure was a mirror of a 10-Life Stage cultivator becoming a Transcendent.

Hence, even Brangara could only afford to experiment with Iron Grade Tangible Natures. No, not just Iron Grade Natures. He would be targeting Natures from Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts or at most Intermediate Iron Grade.

Similar to how the Royal Zinger didn't dare spawn a Zinger Aristocrat or the Gold Grade variants, the Celestial Boar too didn't dare experiment with stronger Natures. After all, the production costs would bankrupt them into despondency.

However, as long as Brangara focused on Iron Grade Tangible Natures, once he creates a Tangible Treasure, he could give a permanent power to his children that would give them an edge over others.

He himself could use these Tangible Treasures to avoid wasting precious Tangible Natures. This way, the Wean Clansmen would become significantly powerful individuals.

Their starting point was already Gold Grade, with rapid growth and the capability to enter the Life Stage. With a suitable Tangible Treasure, they'll become unstoppable. It was why Brangara didn't target the Mammoth Clan.

After all, if he stays put for enough time, his Wean Clan would become strong enough to face the Mammoth Clan. Following that, Brangara only needed to bother with pinnacle existences like the Royal Zinger.

No one else would be able to harm his family.



Chapter 590 Knowing Sumatra Chronicles

"How's the interrogation going?" Brangara approached Yarsha Zahara and observed her bloody fists. He stared at the figure of Yennda and asked, "Is he dead?"

"No, I'm just venting while accumulating more of his power." Yarsha Zahara grunted, "Give me a few days and I'll be able to extract all the details regarding the disease he had spread on our children."

"Don't strain yourself too much," Brangara expressed his worry, "If your concentration slips up, Yennda will be able to break free."

"I know," Yarsha Zahara clicked her tongue. She then stared at Brangara, "Have you looked into everything I gave you?"

"Yes, I just finished comprehending them all." Brangara nodded, "It's shocking, to be honest. I can understand Resha's actions better."

"Why should that matter?" Yarsha Zahara raged, "He killed two of our daughters."

"Don't misunderstand me, I simply expressed that I understand his perspective now," Brangara said as killing intent churned through him. His Prana became riled up faintly when his surroundings became influenced accordingly.

A faint light began to gather over his head, intending to erupt into a pillar of light similar to a Major Treasure. Upon seeing it, Brangara hurriedly calmed down, "This is the issue. My Tertiary Nature is a Major Treasure. So, the moment I rile up my Prana, I'm able to influence my surroundings as a Major Treasure. If I don't control myself, I'll be destroying everything around me."

He was too strong and hence faced difficulties. It was why Brangara spent significantly more time than his past self as the Empyrean Boar King to meditate and keep his powers under control. The moment he uses his strength, his surroundings will be affected and a beam of light will pierce the sky.

The moment the beam of light appears, multiple Transcendent Worlds manifest in the sky above Sumatra. Brangara didn't fully understand the reason, but upon realising that more Transcendent Worlds appeared due to his actions, he began to control himself.

Whether the appearance of more Transcendent Worlds bode well for him or not was unsure. And until he was assured, he had no plans to go all out. Hence, Brangara had been meditating to have a stronger grasp on his emotions, ensuring to remain calm in all situations.

Even a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle didn't have his issues. That was just how strong the Celestial Boar was, for it was the first existence in history to have three pinnacle Mystic Grade Natures that combined to unleash a single effect.

"There's more to learn about Sumatra Chronicles," Yarsha Zahara said, "The information I gave you is merely extracted from my past life. It doesn't have as much information as these guys."

She brought Brangara to a detached house within which Yennda was held captive, pressuring the latter to speak, "What happens in Sumatra Chronicles?"

"You want me to talk nonstop for a month?" Yennda stared at her in exhaustion, "Well, if you're forcing me to, then I guess I have no choice."

Yennda didn't resist Yarsha Zahara's control, but he only revealed a piece of information when he was controlled to do so, "Let's see, there's a lot to say. So, I'm not sure where to start."

"Give me the conclusion first." Brangara patted Yarsha Zahara and stared at Yennda, "Exactly what is it that the Mammoth Clan has prepared?"

"Sumatra Chronicles is the product of future sight used by Renduldu." Yennda stared at Yarsha Zahara, "It was used on Resha, causing him to experience a supposed future where he goes through a bunch of stuff. It never happened in reality, but for Resha, it might as well be his past, since he lived every moment of it."

"The Major Treasures of Attribute, Weapon, and Pet; Resha holds the power of these three and challenges a 10-Life Stage Boar King in what is known in Sumatra Chronicles as the Fourth Major Disaster." Yennda laughed as he stared at Brangara, "He dies a dog's death, failing to even scratch you."

"That's it?" Brangara was stunned by the information, "He dies to me? Even when he wields three Major Treasures?"

"Well, the you at that point was touted to be able to fight even Silver Transcendents." Yennda said, "Moreover, you possessed over fifty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. Their influence was so high that even without activating them, you were able to unleash the power of Internal Inertial Gravity."

"A 10-Life Stage Empyrean Boar King is an unstoppable existence, so Resha wants to do everything in his power to prevent you from reaching that point." Yennda said, "As he fought you, he is the most aware of your strength."

"What happened to the Mammoth Clan at that point?" Brangara asked, interested in learning more about Sumatra Chronicles.

"You had over fifty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity," Yennda iterated the point.

"I see," Brangara nodded, understanding that he consumed them all, "Raaha didn't stop me?"

"He didn't," Yennda shook his head, "The Mammoth Clan you annihilated was the one created by Gannala. The other herd roamed Sumatra Continent somewhere far away."

"Interesting," Brangara stared at Yennda, "Then how did the two herds meet this time?"

"Well…" Yennda smiled wryly, "Blola used your name to kill a newborn Empyrean Tusk from the other herd. When they chased after the clues he left behind, they detected you fighting Gannala's herd."

"Hahahaha!" Brangara roared in laughter, "What the fuck is this? So, if I hadn't targeted Gannala's herd, the merger would have never happened?"

"Yes," Yennda nodded, "If the merger hadn't happened, things would have been a repeat of Sumatra Chronicles."

"I understand," Brangara said as his eyes darkened. His tone turned oppressive as he stared at Yennda, "Where do the lot of you come from? You didn't exist in Yarsha Zahara's memories of the Mammoth Clan."

"We were edited out by Renduldu," Yennda said. His body trembled instinctively upon seeing the mild change in Brangara's tone but he displayed no fear, since death or torture no longer affected him, "The Supreme Tusk Gannala originally had the potential to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. But due to your actions, she was abandoned in the Sandy-Grey Void. When she survived and returned to Sumatra, she was too weak on her own, especially without her Clansmen. So, she destroyed her potential to assume human form once again and sought refuge in a weak Human Kingdom."

"Eventually, towards the end of her life, she succeeded in creating seven Mystic Paths. Each Mystic Path has a shot at entering the Mystic Grade." Yennda stared at Brangara, "And we're those Mystic Paths."

"So, Inala is a Mystic Path?" Brangara asked.

"The Indigo Mystic Path," Yennda nodded.

"You can enter the Mystic Grade too?" He asked next.

"The possibility exists, but the Yellow Mystic Path is too fragile and minuscule to succeed." He spoke. Yennda indeed talked about the Mystic Paths, but he conveniently glossed over a certain piece of information.

The one with the possibility of entering Mystic Grade weren't the Mystic Paths but their children. By taking Inala's example first, Yennda made the duo before him assume otherwise. This way, he could protect the Green Mystic Path.

Yarsha Zahara would only try to use Grehha's worth instead of making him bear a child with a Wean Clansman. This way, he would retain the Green Mystic Path.

Honestly, Yennda didn't even know why he was going through all this trouble to protect Grehha. He could care less whether or not the Green Mystic Path was stolen by the Wean Clan. But anyway, he did what he could.

Moreover, there was one thing he never expressed, and that was the terrifying nature of a Transcendent Eater's power. That was why Brangara didn't consume Blola. But even stealing the effect of its Nature had consequences.

Similar to being able to access some of the data in the Transcendent Eater upon revival, Yennda was able to obtain information from Yarsha Zahara. Honestly, he wasn't as talented as Orakha in this field. But he had been revived enough times that Yennda had experience in obtaining information from the Transcendent Eater.

Typically, the Transcendent Eater's information was heavily guarded. So, all he could get were bits and pieces. But Yarsha Zahara didn't have such a guard, unaware of the existence of such a setup. So, Yennda stole a significant chunk of information from her, which was how he realised Inala became the Royal Zinger.

And now, armed with her data, he could do a lot of things, if he wanted to. However, whether or not he had the intention to do so was another matter altogether.

"Loot is the Violet Mystic Path." Yennda said, observing the changing expressions of the duo before him, "And there are two of them."

"Two?" Brangara frowned, "What do you mean by that?"

"I don't know the details myself since he's a weasel bastard. But there's two of them. One is a Mammoth Clansman and the other is the one who you faced in the Attributed Region." Yennda said.

'There are two of them, huh?' Brangara thought as he stared at Yennda, "Then, what about Amita?"

"Who is that?" Yennda tilted his head.

"Did someone like that exist in your past life?" Brangara asked his wife.

"No," Yarsha Zahara shook her head, "I don't recall seeing or hearing anything about a cultivator named Amita."

"Then, how is that possible?" Brangara frowned, "If she was Inala in disguise, I would have noticed easily. But she was a genuine woman, a Cooter Clansman at that while Inala is a Mammoth Clansman. And at the start, she was a Free Human."

"How the fuck did two completely different existences fuse into one?" He stared at Yennda, "Do you have any idea?"

"Absolutely not," Yennda shook his head, "Something like this never happened in Sumatra Chronicles. Honestly, the only thing the Mammoth Clan accomplished in that is getting eaten by you."

"Tch!" Brangara clicked his tongue upon recalling the figure of the Royal Zinger, "Annoying bastard!"

He almost gave in to anger upon recalling the meteors Inala chucked at him, 'Once I'm ready, the first existence I'm killing is the Royal Zinger.'

After all, currently, in Sumatra, only the Royal Zinger could threaten the Celestial Boar.



