Chapter 761: Self-Sufficient Free Human

﻿

Terkuton District!

It was a new District that had been built in the Varahan Empire only four years ago. As a result, it didn't have anything special going for it yet, with its Kingdom acquisition still in process.

There was a stream of people funnelling into the District from the migratory Free Humans that have been recruited into their fold. These Free Humans were part of a group that lost their homes from a recent Minor Crisis and were busy fleeing, searching for a new place of dwelling.

The Lord of the Terkuton District, YoriBuntara, extended her support to them and succeeded in recruiting them into her fold. She was still making plans to finalise the region she'd target and gain control, using which she'll develop herself in the future, similar to her Clansmen.

Every few days, a new Wean Clansman was being born, adding to the competition. There was absolutely no one who could target the Varahan Empire, with the only existences capable of harming it still accumulating power in regions far, far away.

Without any threat to keep them in check, including the side effects of Voracious Nature, the Wean Clansmen displayed their reproductive power, breeding at speeds that put Silver Grade Pranic Beasts at shame.

After a certain point, the population of Wean Clansmen began to grow exponentially. Some of the older districts had Wean Clansmen as a married couple. They had started their family tool, with their kids taking control of important sectors in their District.

YoriBuntara was the child of one such couple. However, she didn't want to take over assets handed to her on a golden platter by her parents, who were basically powerhouses by now, having entered the 4-Life Stage already.

She was an ambitious woman and intended to forge her own path, which was why she came to the outskirts of the Varahan Empire's territory and founded the Terkuton District, having serious plans for development.

However, all went to shit as her luck was pure shit!

woman and

"Khahahaha!" A man roared raucously as he slumped his heavy arm around fondled her breasts, "And then? Go on, tell the rest of our guests about your ambitious dream."

"I...I wanted to..." YoriBuntara stammered, flinching every time the man made the slightest action. Her body was riddled with scorch marks. However, they didn't heal, not because she couldn't heal them but because she didn't dare.

"Go on, be brave, will you?" The man inched towards her face and used the tip of his beard to tickle her ear, "The mighty princess should be bolder than this..."

He gently lifted her right hand and caressed her fingers with longing. He slowly brought them to his mouth and sucked on them, moaning in relish as the woman trembled in fear. His stomach churned in hunger as he automatically chomped hard, severing the woman's fingers.

"Yummm...delish!" He muttered as his mouth made grating sounds, crushing the finger bones into a pulp as he swallowed them. He stared at the woman and said with a kind gaze, placing his lips on her, "Heal them."

YoriBuntara was unable to resist in the slightest, accepting the kiss as she obediently healed her fingers, internally relieved as what she had been subjected to today was completely tame as compared to what she endured on average.

"Lord Nay!" A middle-aged man knelt before the burly man and saluted, "We lost contact with the team dispatched to the Noikatol District."

"Lost contact?" The burly man addressed as Lord Nay stopped crunching upon YoriBuntara's fingers, his gaze hardening in response as he asked, "Did the Peacekeepers ambush them?"

"No," The middle-aged man shook his head, "Based on our spy reports, the Peace Keepers are still investigating our team's whereabouts in the Noikatol District. They weren't the one responsible."

"Hmm..." Lord Nay thought for a moment before giving his orders, "Kill all our spies and wipe out all traces of us in the Noikatol District. We can't give them any clues that allows our enemies to track us."

His expression hardened as he thought of the existences standing at the pinnacle of the Varahan Empire, 'If they have personally taken action, then it makes sense. My men aren't yet at a level where they can spy on the moments of powerhouses.'

'Thankfully, the team we dispatched was trained in another District and only have one mode of contact with us.' Lord Nay gave another command, "Kill the one responsible for training that group."n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Yes..." The middle-aged man remained silent for a seconds before nodding, "It has been completed just now."

"Good," Lord Nay relaxed a little, 'All traces have been erased. They can't figure out where I am.'

Terkuton District was the headquarters of Talamas, the terrorist organisation established by Lord Nay. But this information was known only by two people, Lord Nay and YoriBuntara.

Even the middle-aged man was just a regular citizen being controlled by Lord Nay to act as his representative. He created a special skill using a set of Natures that can impart certain information in the memories of an individual.

When this individual enters Lord Nay's Spirit Weapon range, he'll remember everything. But the moment he walks away, all the related memories will be locked, turning him into a

regular citizen.

Glove Slip! Information Lock!

These techniques used by the Peacekeeping force had been analysed by Lord Nay and replicated for his purpose, using which he remained absolutely hidden while making his people move for the purpose of targeting the Wean Clan.

The Peacekeepers in Terkuton District had fallen under his control since day one, maintaining a consistent lie from the get go. It was why Lord Nay wasn't discovered, since he had targeted YoriBuntara on the same day she set up Terkuton District.

"It's fun, right?" His beard flailed gently as his rectangular face broadened further under his smile. He fondled YoriBuntara in excitement, "Your Emperor is such a powerful existence but cannot even manage to detect puny little me."

"P-Please don't talk b-bad about..." YoriBuntara intended to resist but her words were blocked by another kiss.

"You talk too much." Lord Nay continued to kiss her for a few minutes before he was turned

on. He got up, his figure reaching a height of three metres, gigantic. Carried in his arms was YoriBuntara, barely mounting any resistance as he brought her to the nearby bedroom.

Moaning sounds resounded between both parties immediately after, accompanied by rumbling claps. Soon, what followed were screams of horrors as bone crunching sounds reverberated throughout the place.

"Thanks for the feast!" Lord Nay smiled at the terrified figure of YoriBuntara huddled at the corner of the bedroom as he continued to eat another body of hers. Blood dripped on his body as he used it like water, wiping himself with twisted perversion.

Soon, he finished eating the body, returning to normalcy as he stared at the figure of YoriBuntara who had fallen to the 1-Life Stage, "Go, consume an Elixir and build your second

body."

"I'm giving you an hour."

"Y-Yes," YoriBuntara opened a drawer to reveal a row of High-Grade Elixirs. She grabbed six and downed them one after another, condensing the surging Prana into her Spirit Container that birthed a second one of its kind.

Soon, she entered the 2-Life Stage, feeling hungry. Like clockwork, Lord Nay lifted her and

brought her to the bathroom to wash up. Following that, they wore luxurious clothes and entered the dining room where a feast enough for a hundred people had been prepared.

"Let's eat!" Lord Nay said as he and YoriBuntara finished up everything in an hour. While eating, he stared at her obedient self, chuckling mentally, 'Even if she tries her best, she can never escape me.'

Once they had their fill, Lord Nay slouched on a bed and watched YoriBuntara seated nearby, going through a stack of Information Slips, resuming her work as Lord of Terkuton District. 'A princess has become my plaything. I only needed to extend my hand to grasp this

opportunity.'

His face beamed into a smile as he closed his eyes and focused on his Spirit Containers.

Primary Nature-Blessed Inheritance!

Originally, Lord Nay went by the name of Narkahamy, a regular citizen of the Varahan Empire.

He had a Silver Grade Vara Human Avatar as everyone else, sporting the Primary Nature of Gracious Inheritance.

He always sought luxury, his thirst for ambition strong. However, reality was otherwise. No matter how strong he became, that was only at the Silver Grade, one among the dozens of millions at the Varahan Empire.

Everyone at the Empire had Silver Grade strength. And even beyond the Varahan Empire,

Silver Grade strength made him a strong existence, but not one that could remain unfettered. To dominate a region, one needs at be at the Gold Grade, which was his long-time desire.

He spent most of his lifesavings to purchase a Suit, for he wanted to know how a suitcase

could expand to perfectly wrap around a person as a beautiful suit. The day he started wearing the Suit, and listened to music on his Gramophone as usual, he experienced faint dreams while asleep, of him being someone strong.

That was brought about by his desire, so it was natural. He had been having such dreams since

young. However, what changed this time was that the dreams were slightly more nuanced. A few months into it and one of the dreams triggered something in him.

Narkahamy woke up with a start, his body too excited to fall asleep anymore, for a thought

now had cemented itself in his mind.

Consuming an Empyrean Boar!

He first struggled to come to reality with the thought process, afraid of the consequences of

acting upon it. But over time, he began to research upon the notion, experimenting

everything in his power to verify the validity of his thoughts.

There was a chance!

The moment he arrived at the conclusion, Narkahamy began preparation, accumulating

Natures suitable for the task. And then, he targeted YoriBuntara, easily succeeding as he had

accounted for all possibilities.

And once he began to consume her bodies, he realised he was incredibly in tune with the

Empyrean Boar influence. He only had to consume three bodies of YoriBuntara before there

was a mild change in his cultivation technique of Gold Inheritance Art.

Then, he received it, the Secondary Nature that he had verified would be obtained.

Secondary Nature-Voracious Nature.

However, it was only at the Silver Grade, with extreme limitations, useful only on existences

with Iron and Silver Grade strength. The side effects were stronger, making the influence from even Iron Grade Natures hard to handle.

From there, he lived, ate, and shat like an Empyrean Boar, ensuring to also copulate with one

daily to attune himself as deeply with the race as possible. He consumed one body of her daily while experimenting upon her physique to the full extent.

In a mere two years, his comprehension of the Empyrean Boar Race attained a qualitative

leap, allowing him to obtain another Nature, becoming first of Free Humans to produce a mineral capable of building a Human Avatar with.

Tertiary Nature-Vara Accum!

The tusks of an Empyrean Boar were just a body part. Yarsha Zahara figured out a cultivation

technique that could use powdered Empyrean Boar tusks as a mineral, which came to be called

Vara.

Vara Accum concentrated Empyrean Boar characteristics in his nails, turning them into the same material as the tusks of an Empyrean Boar. Basically, as he lives life, his nails would grow, basically producing Vara for his use.

Using it, he steadily began to build his Human Avatar, eventually replacing the Vara sourced

from an Empyrean Boar. And the day his Human Avatar was solely made from Vara sourced from his nails, he mutated, becoming a Gold Grade existence.

That's when his Primary Nature evolved from Gracious Inheritance to Blessed Inheritance, the

same as the Varahan Empire's Royal Guard. But the powers it granted him were on a whole other level, as what he had naturally arrived at through a series of coincidences and accumulated research results was the core concept that Mystic Tentacles were based on.

His three Natures complemented each other and combined to unleash a unified effect, easily making him one of the most dangerous Free Humans to exist on Sumatra.

Inala had planted seeds of discord in as many people as he could, with the Gramophones expanding the same effect on their own, having a reach vastly beyond him. Majority of the

seeds never germinated.

And in cases they did, the results were nothing worth commenting about. However, from time

to time, it sprouted in ambitious individuals with competence, making them create faint waves across the Varahan Empire.

There was no lack of geniuses among the Free Humans. But majority of them died futile

deaths due to how dangerous Sumatra was and also them being limited in opportunity, as Free Humans could only Build Humans Avatars out of minerals they could get their hands on.

Narkahamy was one such genius who stumbled upon an opportunity and had the competence to capitalise on it, becoming an individual beyond what Inala had hoped.

At blazing speeds, Narkahamy not only attained Gold Grade strength, but raced up the Life

Stage to reach 6-Life Stage. After all, he was the source of the Vara necessary to build his Human Avatar.

And as a self-sufficient Free Human, his growth was unstoppable.



Chapter 762: Accum! Accum! Accum!

﻿

The reason Vara Accum was so powerful was for an extremely simple, but broken reason. It was a material-based Nature but behaved like an energy-based Nature.

It became stronger when stacked!

Energy-based Natures became stronger as a cultivator progressed through the Life Stage. Material-based Natures had a material density limit, beyond which they would lose their structural integrity and experience some sort of chemical reaction.

This chemical reaction would transform the material, causing the cultivator's Human Avatar to implode on its own. It was why many incomplete cultivation techniques resulted in Free Humans being unable to progress beyond a certain level in the Life Stage.

The Brimgan Empire addressed this issue by refining the mineral to improve its physical characteristics, which was the purpose of Mystic Kinesis Art. Moreover, they refined the mineral, Kirenal and created Rutham to be as malleable and ductile as possible.

Even then, the Spirit Weapons they used didn't gain any boost through their Life Stage stack. Only their psychokinesis gained power from the stack. Every Free Human cultivation technique worked on attaining similar solutions.

After all, even with limitations, material-based Natures were stronger.

However, the case was different for the Empyrean Boar King thanks to Astral Chart, one that allowed Brangara to stack as many energy-based Natures as he wanted.

The Nature of Blessed Inheritance allowed the Royal Guard to faintly emulate this characteristic. Vara Human Avatar Free Humans at the Silver Grade had the Primary Nature of Gracious Inheritance, which allowed them to activate only one Nature at a time.

The Royal Guard could activate multiple Natures at a time. However, they cannot stack the Natures, for that was only possible through Astral Chart or Astral World.

But in Narkahamy's case, he researched and developed the usage of his Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature, activating it every time he consumed a body of YoriBuntara. And every time he consumed her body, he gained a Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation.

He didn't realise it, but he was progressing in the same direction that Brangara had taken in the past, when he was forced to swallow the hearts of his brethren. His Human Avatar was gradually amassing a large number of Gold Grade Natures, their influence superimposing upon each other that eventually resulted in a qualitative change.

Empyrean Boar evolves into an Empyrean Boar King.

The Tertiary Nature of Vara Accum followed that evolutionary category, upgrading itself the greater it accumulated upon itself. The Nature did have a limit, however attaining that limit basically meant entering the realm of existence the same as the Empyrean Boar King.

Narkahamy had a long path to traverse before he could reach such a level. However, he planned to do everything in his power until he reached that state of existence in the future. It was why he created Vara Accum while keeping in mind the characteristics of the Empyrean Boar race's voracious consumption capabilities.

Empyrean Boar, Boar King, Empyrean Boar King, and Celestial Boar!

All these were brought about because of the consumption and accumulation characteristics of the Empyrean Boar race.

The evidence clearly manifested in him after obtaining Vara Accum. Over time, his Primary Nature of Gracious Inheritance evolved into Blessed Inheritance. His Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature grew from Silver Grade to Gold Grade.

Finally, when he activated all three Natures as a unified whole, he was able to mould the influence generated by all the Natures in his Human Avatar into a compounded effect. Depending on how he moulds it, the resultant effect can be superior to a Nature at the same Grade.

Narkahamy only had experience with Iron Grade Natures, as they were available in plenty for purchase in the Varahan Empire, allowing him to freely experiment with them as he pleased.

Blessed Influence!

It was the name of the ability created through a combined activation of his three Natures. Currently, he could create a total of five Blessed Influences in a Vara Human Avatar-Stealth, Ring Blade, Manoeuvre, Recovery, and Contact.

They were all created using a combination of commonly available Iron Grade Natures in the Varahan Empire. Of them, the Blessed Influence of Stealth was primarily used by the Terrorists of Talamas.

The central Iron Grade Nature used to obtain this was the Petrified Geese's Statue. Forty Natures of Statue were required, alongside three more Natures to result in the Blessed Influence of Stealth. The limitation of this was that one Human Avatar could only maintain one Blessed Influence.

As a result, the Terrorists had to operate as a group wherever they went. The Blessed Influence of Stealth was created to be seeped into a Spirit Weapon, allowing one individual to mask the presence of multiple people.

Since they wouldn't need to control the Spirit Weapon and only needed to pour Prana to maintain the effect of the Blessed Influence, the efficiency drop of the Spirit Weapon's functions wasn't a cause for concern.

Cultivators with a Vara Human Avatar could activate only one Nature-stored in their Human Avatar-at a time. This gave the Terrorists a serious advantage, as they could activate a Nature atop a Blessed Influence.

Moreover, the effect of all five Blessed Influence far outclassed most Iron Grade Natures. Only extremely destructive Iron Grade Natures such as the Bludder's Eddy Blade were stronger.

Narkahamy intended to continue improving upon them, for which he purchased information from the Wean Clan through YoriBuntara. Everything that YoriBuntara had purchased for the past four years was for his sake.

Secondary Nature-Voracious Nature!

Any Vara Human Avatar Free Human who had consumed enough Empyrean Boar bodies gained the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature. The seed related to this ideology had been propagated through Prumace's Gramophones the most.

And obviously in response, many ambitious individuals had taken action, spurred by countless reasons. Similar to the business field where Prumace was the most noteworthy individual, among terrorism, Narkahamy was the most dangerous.

"Let's see..." After a while, once YoriBuntara was done with her work for the day, Narkahamy brought her underground, arriving at a large, cubical space that spanned a side of 100 metres. "Transform."

"Y-Yes," YoriBuntara flinched at the slightest twitch of his muscle, her expression morphing

into one of terror as she stared at the various torture tools hanging from the walls. From corkscrews to machining belts, everything had been used on her, which was how Narkahamy improved his understanding of Empyrean Boars.

As a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, YoriBuntara's Prana was potent enough to grant her unmatched resilience. Irrespective of how much she was tortured, both physically and mentally, she'll recover to normalcy in a matter of minutes.

If she consumes enough food, her recovery will be even faster. And consuming food was a signature gift of her Race. YoriBuntara let out a faint breath as she distanced herself from Narkahamy and activated her Primary Nature.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Primary Nature—Empyrean Boar Transformation!

"Hehe!" Narkahamy let out a sadistic chuckle the moment he stared at the grand, Gold Grade Pranic Beast, 'An existence that can rule a region is my bitch. This is why I can never become

bored of her!'

"Come here!" He beckoned with a casual tone, watching the Empyrean Boar align its face before him, lowering itself accordingly. Narkahamy extended his hand and touched the tusk growing on the side of its head, sharp enough to impale even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Blessed Influence-Ring Blade!

It was similar to an Eddy Blade, but resembled a ring, capable of manifesting around

anywhere on his body, treating it as the centre of the axis. He can make it appear around his finger, hand, or leg, or even treat the entire body as the centre of the axis and manifest around him like a protective circle.

Unlike an Eddy Blade, it was extremely flexible in terms of usage, only requiring Prana

according to the size it was condensed. This allowed it to be used readily without much trouble. After all, accumulating 300 units of Prana in the fraction of a second stressed the Spirit Container of everyone, including Narkahamy.

The Ring Blade condensed around his wrist like a bangle and began to spin, gradually accelerated through his psychokinesis as it expanded in radius. It slid out of his hand and slipped onto the tusk he held. And then, with a thought from him, it shrunk, rapidly grinding through everything that remained in its centre.

Ring Blade couldn't move away from the body. Some part of the body needs to be used as an axis. Hence, Narkahamy watched as the tip of his index finger was cut into by the Ring Blade alongside the tusk.

Once his finger was cut through, the Ring Blade vanished, since it no longer had an axis. But that was enough, as by now, a clean cut had been performed on the tusk.

He created another Ring Blade around his wrist and sawed through the circular cut on the

tusk, severing it a minute later. "Clean up the dust!"

"Yes," YoriBuntara reverted to her human form and began to collect all the dust resulting

from her tusk getting sawed into. In the meantime, Narkahamy used the Ring Blade to machine the surface of the tusk, producing a steady stream of dust.

He sat within an enclosed container ensuring the dust didn't fly everywhere else. A few hours later, the entire tusk had been turned into dust, becoming the mineral Vara.

"Around eight kilograms." He weighed the content once YoriBuntara collected everything.

Following that, he ripped out his fingernails and began to turn them into powder too. His Prana depleted at a steady pace as he used it to regenerate his nails.

Soon, he was hungry, having accumulated eight kilograms of Vara sourced from him too. and

then, he compared the two minerals, running tests on them.

In a nearby room were two Free Humans, once at the Body Stage, but now reduced to the peak

of the Spirit Stage. They were his captives, the first pair of individuals subjected to his

experiments.

"Consume this and enter the Body Stage." He said to the first individual and gave him Vara

sourced from YoriBuntara. He then gave Vara sourced from his body to the second individual,

"Do it, now."

The captive duo had already been tortured enough to subconsciously accept whatever Narkahamy said. They hurried and consumed their respective Vara and eventually entered the Body Stage. They were talented individuals, allowing them to enter the Body Stage in a short duration with a high success rate.

It was also why they had been captured. Every other captive that didn't have enough talent

was disposed of. As the duo entered the Body Stage, Narkahamy observed their Human Avatars, making a comparison before bursting into laughter, "Stay here."

He exited the room and stared at the figure of YoriBuntara who was cleaning up the place, pulling her into his embrace, "I've surpassed you in your innate category."

"You've become even more useless," He said and activated one of the stored Natures of Empyrean Boar Transformation, turning into an Empyrean Boar himself. "Go on."

YoriBuntara expanded her Prana detection method, her heart-wrenching in shock to see the Human Avatar created using Vara sourced from Narkahamy was superior to her own.

Whether she was at the Body Stage or Life Stage, the quality of Vara she produced remained

the same. However, that wasn't the case with Narkahamy. The higher he progressed through the Life Stage, the greater the stack of his nails, which improved the sourced Vara.

Thanks to his Tertiary Nature of Vara Accum, this will continue to improve until he is able to

create Royal Guards on his own. 'Every two years, he's building a new body, even after entering the Gold Grade.'

YoriBuntara became depressed, for Narkahamy's Empyrean Boar characteristics were superior

to her own and the difference between the two will only continue to increase as the latter

grows stronger.

"Let's fight!" With a chuckle, Narkahamy engaged in a battle with YoriBuntara, concluding

the fight in less than twenty seconds, "You've become further weaker, huh? Well, no matter. You're still useful for my research."

With that, he began to mate with her, in Empyrean Boar forms, for the sole purpose of understanding every single characteristic that the Race of Empyrean Boar possessed.

'I see, that's why he's so successful.' A thick layer of Biome Bomb enveloped him, with the terrain within resembling the walls of the cubic underground room. Inala was hiding in the walls, having been spying on Narkahamy for the past few hours.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

Through this, he expanded his Biome Bomb throughout the walls.

Tertiary Nature-Prana Stitch!

Once they had expanded enough, he stitched the ends to form a singular whole, a stitched

Biome Bomb that enveloped the cube, basically allowing him to extract data from the people

within.

Having elevated himself to the Mystic Grade, Inala was able to extract data without even alerting the target. Only someone at the Mystic Grade armed with a suitable detection means

could notice his actions.

'Thanks to him, I'm finding out new information about the Wean Clansmen too.' Inala thought, letting out a smirk as he observed Narkahamy, 'He wasn't born blessed with talent like Yarsha Zahara. But he's crazy about knowledge, which is extremely similar to the

Brimgan Founder.'

'Vara Accum...that's a terrifying Nature. Its influence is very powerful too, not at the level of

Prana Circuit, but still very potent at the Gold Grade.' His eyes glinted, inspired by the info he

was extracting from Narkahamy, 'Accum...Accum...Accum...'

'That's it!'



Chapter 763: Sponsoring Narkahamy

﻿

"Hahaha!" Narkahamy was jubilant by the time he ended the matting session with YoriBuntara, verifying time and again that his Empyrean Boar characteristics had surpassed an actual Empyrean Boar.

'It's just a matter of time before I can finish creating the Blessed Influence of Empyrean Boar Transformation.' He thought, understanding the advantages he would get upon obtaining such a transformation power.

Free Humans were strong. However, on the same level, they weren't a match for Clansmen or Pranic Beasts. A Wean Clansman could transform into an Empyrean Boar, a massive Gold Grade Pranic Beast whose physical might alone was on par with the destructiveness of a Nature.

It was a famous case, especially in the Brimgan Empire. Even with Gold Grade strength, a Brimgan Royal wasn't a match for a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Anyone who managed to kill a Gold Grade Pranic Beast in a one-on-one battle was given the title of Prince or Princess.

Usually, they obtained such a title at the 4-Life Stage or higher. This implied that even at their peak, at the 10-Life Stage, a Brimgan Royal was at most on par with a 3-Life Stage Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Only existences like Boul Brimgan were an exception to the rule. But as they always said, exceptions don't make the norm.

Narkahamy had considerable knowledge of the Brimgan Empire, gained from the records maintained by the Varahan Empire. He had been constantly using YoriBuntara to obtain everything of value that she had access to.

After all, knowledge was power, and it was by having enough knowledge that he could reach his current height. And thanks to that knowledge, Narkahamy understood that even at the peak, he would at most be as strong as a 3-Life Stage YoriBuntara. He didn't like that, especially since the higher one progressed through the Life Stage, the harder it became to maintain the stack.

Minor issues at the 2-Life Stage became life-threatening mistakes at the 8-Life Stage. It was why the number of Free Humans at higher Life Stages was so few, even though progressing through the life stage was pretty much-repeating everything they did at the Body Stage.

He wasted to become the strongest Gold Grade existence first and attain the status of a Deity. And from there, he would eventually try to enter the Realm that extremely few existences managed to reach in all of Sumatra.

The Mystic Grade!

'The first step to that is to obtain a Blessed Influence of transformation that I can use as many times as I want. And once I attain it, I can gradually make modifications until my transformation is a lot stronger than an Empyrean Boar.' Narkahamy commanded YoriBuntara to return to the office and resume her work while he slowly walked to his quarters, his mind filled with thoughts.

His quarters were pretty much a library, filled with experimental records, Information Slips of all kinds, and large murals portraying vivid diagrams of YoriBuntara, including her skeletal structure in human and Empyrean Boar forms.

There were lots of reference pieces for everything, with details of how each of her body parts reacted with various medicines, etc. Narkahamy was obsessed with research and the greater the success rate of his research, the more his obsession grew.

After all, being able to create something new that didn't exist anywhere else in the world gave one enough of a mental rush that they felt they were Gods themselves. Every single scientist went through such a rush, a reason the term Mad Scientist came about, because once they have a taste of the rush, they can never go back.

Narkahamy entered his quarters and pulled a drawer slowly, taking out the box placed within. He opened the lid, his eyes trained on the pair of Glove Slips carefully placed inside. Immediately in response, a smile crept on his face, 'This is by far the greatest invention.'

'This one item connects every single Free Human civilisation and allows them to exchange large volumes of information with each other in an instant.' He wore the Glove Slip and grabbed an Information Slip that he originally wouldn't have even detected to be one.

Without the respective cultivation technique, it was impossible to know whether something was a regular rock or an Information Slip. But with the Glove Slip, every single Information Slip, irrespective of the mineral used to make it, was laid bare to the user.

"Do you like some tea?" Narkahamy was focused on his research when a feminine voice resounded in his ear, as naturally as possible.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Yes..." Narkahamy nodded in response, pausing for an instant as cold sweat broke across his skin, 'That's not YoriBuntara's voice!'

He reflexively used his Prana detection means and grunted, feeling an outbreak of prickles across his skin. The existence he sensed was on a level where just detecting it caused his skin to prickle so much it resulted in a rash.

"There you go." Less than two seconds later, the female voice resounded as a piping hot cup of tea was placed on the table. "Drink it."

YoriBuntara became nervous as his eyes trailed onto the crystal-clear surface of the tea, outlined on which was the visage of a woman with round eyes, an oval face, and a slightly widened jaw that had a chiselled countenance.

Her lock of hair was thrice as thick as a regular woman's, cascading on the back of her head like a waterfall, coursing subtle waves every second that painted her an ethereal aura.

'I know her!' His mind went into overdrive as every piece of information he gained about the Brimgan Empire churned in his mind space, causing him to open his mouth and state in respect, "I greet the Brimgan Guardian,"

"Amita Brimgan!"

He slowly turned around, surprised that the woman he perceived to be standing right beside

him wasn't actually there. Instead, seated at one corner of the room where the wall itself had morphed to create a decorated seat atop three leading steps was the individual, her poise as grand as the Varahan Emperor himself.

"You're pretty up to date." The woman's voice resounded with a gentle nature, one that terrified Narkahamy.

"H-How are you here? Inside the Varaha Empire, I mean." Narkahamy strengthened the

volume of Prana circulating his body, allowing it to somewhat stabilise his mental state and maintain enough cool to face one of the scariest individuals on Sumatra, 'She's someone even the Varahan Emperor has to be on guard about.'

'The First Calamity!' His heart race accelerated subconsciously as he gulped in nervousness. The strongest existence he had ever seen personally was only an older generation Wean Clansman. This was the first time he came face to face with a Mystic Grade existence, that too one touted to be the second strongest on Sumatra.

"Are you wondering why I'm in my enemy's territory?" Amita Brimgan chuckled, "Why shouldn't I be here?"

"This is my enemy's territory, you know."

"What do you need from me?" Narkahamy regained his cool as he weighed his disposition. He

was a terrorist, one of the most hated individuals in the Varahan Empire. His terrorists had captured three Wean Clansmen to date-no one knew YoriBuntara was under his control.

Considering Brangara's overprotectiveness on his people, he was absolutely incensed about this matter, having mobilised a large search group across the Varahan Empire in search of

Narkahamy.

Arriving at this line of thought, Narkahamy understood that he could benefit from this interaction rather than remain terrified about the individual before him. "I realise you haven't shown yourself to me for no reason."

"You're quick on the uptake. I like that about you." Amita Brimgan smiled as she casually flicked a rock at him, "Check it using the Glove Slip."

"Yes," Narkahamy caught the rock and was stunned, 'This is an Information Slip?'

He wasn't stunned because a piece of rock could be an Information Slip. No, there were all sorts of Information Slips out there, since they only need to be an object made using a single mineral, of any type.

He was stunned because the rock, barely weighing two hundred grams, was many times larger than his house. It could fit an entire Decodus Tree inside with plenty of space to spare. Such a massive piece of rock weighed next to nothing when compared to its size.

'I can store everything in my house on this rock.' Narkahamy looked around and observed the

various Information Slips that he had collected over the past four years. 'Even after stuffing everything inside, there'll be plenty of space. I can store a hundred times this amount without

issues.'

"It's a gift," Amita Brimgan smiled casually, her gaze focused on her nails, casual in her tone, "You're a threat to the Varahan Empire. I simply plan to invest in you."

She snapped her finger and in response, three more items appeared on the table: a gun, a suitcase, and a walking stick.

"They are my gifts to you. I'll explain as you observe them." Amita Brimgan pointed at the gun, "It has a powerful spell embedded in it that can put the target to sleep."

There was a Biome Bomb in the interior of the gun containing the throat of the Royal Zinger, armed with the skill of Tangible Piezo Slip. When the gun's trigger is pressed, Narkahamy's Prana would be absorbed by the Biome Bomb and fed to the throat, allowing it to unleash a shriek with a data packet containing information about sleep.

When this Tangible Piezo Slip slams into an opponent, it would trigger all the data clusters in

regard to sleep, making the target feel sleepy in a matter of seconds. Depending on their state of mind, they'll take time to sleep, with those in a state of rest falling asleep immediately.

The Information Slip was a Biome Bomb with its interior fully condensed into a rock. The

surface of the Biome Bomb was too morphed to be the same as the interior through Perfect Biome Domination, allowing its entirety to be treated as an Information Slip. It wasn't a normal Biome Bomb either, but one created by stitching eight Biome Bombs into a singular

whole.

'It seems she has arrived here after investigating everything I've done.' Narkahamy thought

as he inspected the gun, 'A device to make the target sleep is perfect for me, since my goal is

to kidnap more Wean Clansmen, especially their newborn.'

"That's for your defence. It's the same as the Suit available in the market." Amita Brimgan grinned, "Use it and see for yourself."

Narkahamy didn't hesitate to grab the suitcase since the existence before him didn't need to

go in a roundabout way to kill him if she wanted to. He poured in a hundred units of Prana before the suitcase latched onto him in a flash of energy and disappeared.

"Nothing happened?" He muttered in confusion as his clothes remained the same as before.

But right as he spoke, his hair began to grow and coiled into stronger strands. They weaved around each other and knitted a suit to cover him.

Narkahamy tapped the suit, surprised to see that he could course his Prana through it freely,

hearing Amita Brimgan's voice in response, "Since it's made using your hair, it can conduct

your Prana. Its defensive strength isn't high but if you use it while in your Empyrean Boar form, you'll get a stronger suit upon reverting to human form."

'How does she know that too?' Narkahamy was confused for a moment he sighed with a resigned tone, 'She's an absolute monster.'

The Suit basically created an extra layer of Empyrean Boar fur when used in his Empyrean Boar form. The same thing would be maintained after he reverts to human form. Basically, the Suit will have as much strength as a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's fur, protecting him while he

fights in human form.

Moreover, Narkahamy observed that the Suit's actual form was just energy. As he deactivated

it, all the strands of hair used to make it were shed off as the original suitcase appeared.

"And that's what you'll be requiring a lot." Amita Brimgan pointed at the walking stick, "Pour your Prana into it. I made the shaft using your Vara."

"...Alright," Narkahamy didn't even question how Amita Brimgan got her hands on his Vara as

he grabbed the walking stick and poured his Prana into it, forgetting to speak as the spherical

grip at the top parted open like a cover, revealing a sphere inside.

Intense radiance emanated from it, highlighting his face of shock as through the radiance, Narkahamy observed a bolt of lightning contained within, "T-This is?"

"It's what will give you wings." Amita Brimgan let out a smile and got up slowly. The chair

merged into the wall in response, leaving behind no trace of her existence as she spoke, "In a month, I'll challenge Brangara."

Hearing the Varahan Emperor's name be uttered casually stunned him, for even after he became strong, Narkahamy didn't have the guts to target the pinnacle existence on Sumatra, one remaining strong after being challenged numerous times.

His eyes widened in realisation of what Amita Brimgan was getting at, nodding as a crazed

smile bloomed on his face, "I'll coordinate with the terrorists of Talamas and target as many Wean Clansmen as possible on that day."

"I'll be looking forward to the day you enter the same realm of existence as me. Until then,"

Amita Brimgan chuckled and waved her hand like a kid, vanishing as if she were nothing but a dream, "Have fun!"



Chapter 764: In Two Days…

﻿

Varahan Empire Capital City, Narkn!

In the Department of Internal Security, the howls of an old man resounded from one of the prison cells.

"Tell me! Are you the culprit?" Yamahara bellowed in anger as he kicked the face of an old man, absorbing a trail of blood from the latter at every contact, "Tell me!"

"Are you the one responsible for divulging the secrets of alcohol brewing?"

"I...am not!" The old man gasped as blood tricked down his mouth. His ribs had cracked from the kicks and his skin was pale from blood extraction, "I've already informed everything I know to the Inspectors. I even collaborated with them on numerous occasions to track the locations of large underground facilities."

"What's the guarantee that it's all not a ploy from you?" Yamahara roared and reeled in another kick on the old man's face, grunting as he analysed the information within the blood he absorbed, 'There's indeed nothing in him. I've looked into his past six years and nothing turned up.'

He kicked the old man once again, 'Dammit! If only he were more healthy, I could have extracted more blood.'

His every kick and shout served as a trigger to rile up the old man's Prana, through which the relevant information from the mind space was carried into the blood. Yamahara could absorb information from the Prana stored in the blood. However, the quantity of information present in the blood was minimal.

Hence, he had to use a series of techniques to trigger the relevant information before absorbing it through the blood. It was the easiest to use it on Pranic Beasts, thanks to their large, robust bodies that could handle a large volume of blood being absorbed.

But the old man was not only a Free Human but was too fragile, limiting the amount of blood Yamahara could absorb without resulting in the old man's death.

"Your Highness, please quell your anger." The Chief Inspector, Stampark rushed into the cell in a hurry, "Sir Kvirala has cooperated with us on countless occasions in the past few years. He's the prime reason we've been able to limit alcohol activity."

"Tch!" Yamahara clicked his tongue and walked away, "Find a solution to the issue. Otherwise, consider your position void."

"Yes, Your Highness!" Stampark saluted as he stood still, watching Yamahara exit the Department of Internal Security. Only then did he relax and pat the old man, Kvirala on the shoulder, "I'm sorry about that."

"I'm not blaming you," Kvirala chuckled helplessly and tried to get up when his face convulsed from pain, prompting him to remain on the floor, "I am indeed to be blamed since one of the brewers working for me escaped and popularised alcoholism."

"If I had known he was such an individual, I wouldn't have taught him in the first place." Kvirala gasped as he uttered, "So, I have no right to blame anyone, especially you, Chief. You've helped me a lot over the years."

"I too am a patron of your establishment," Stampark sighed and took out a Low-Grade Elixir that he unhesitantly poured into Kvirala's mouth, "Please drink this and heal from your wounds."

"That's expensive..." Kvirala stopped speaking as the Low-Grade Elixir poured down his throat, uttering once he had swallowed it all, "You didn't have to go to such extents. I would have healed in a few hours on my own."

"Oh, I didn't pay for it out of my pocket. His Highness, Yamahara did." Stampark let out a soft sigh, "He's an innately kind individual. That's why he paid for your treatment. It's just the situation has worsened to the extent he has to be rough on everyone."

"Did something happen?" Kvirala expressed his worry, "I've been locked here for the past two months. So I have no idea what's happening out there anymore."

"It's a mess out there," Stampark shook his head and spoke, expressing mild anger, "Do you know Lord MunuBuntara?"

"Yes, I am a part of his District." Kvirala nodded.

"Right, you hail from the Noikatol Kingdom." Stampark nodded and continued speaking, "His coronation ceremony is in two days. So, he arrived at the Capital Railway Station in the morning, today. But right as he alighted, a group of drunkards threw filled alcohol bottles at him...."

His tone became one of anger, "One of them caught on fire and harmed him. Many onlookers managed to record the scene in their Information Slips, which has been procured by Media Houses. Hawkers are selling it everywhere as we speak. It's an embarrassment on all levels, since it undermines the Empire's internal security."

"Especially our department," He sighed, "The railway security has proved to be lacking as many of them are showing up to work while drunk. One of their officers even activated his Nature forcefully while in that state, which resulted in the explosion of one of his bodies. Thankfully, no one died, but it's still an embarrassment."

"But that's not all." He groaned, "Yesterday, we raided the headquarters of a terrorist organisation. They were the ones who had captured Lord WelhBuntara's son. We succeeded in eradicating them and rescued the son within a day of his capture. However, such incidents are increasing."

"Too many terrorist organisations are appearing with their prime target being the newborn Wean Clansmen."

"It's only natural for His Majesty to be angry," Kvirala nodded in realisation, getting up once his body finished healing. He then stared at Stampark in seriousness, "Please allow me to assist. I can't do anything about the terrorists, but I can do something about the alcohol

issue."

"You have seen how effective my sober medicines are, right?"

"They are why I can handle the stress of my work day in, and day out." Stampark nodded and exited the cell, "I'll send Pierra to bring you lunch. It's the least I can do for your help."

"Thank you," Kvirala thanked and leaned on the wall of the prison cell, sighing as he stared at the ceiling, thinking once he was alone, 'This interaction proves that Yamahara's powers aren't as fearsome as everyone thinks.'

'He's only strong against the strong, but cannot do much against someone weak.' He flashed a

smile and stared at himself, 'Since my body is fragile, if he absorbs a decent amount of my blood, I'll die. So, he has to exercise control, which limits the volume of information he can extract from me.'

'Everything I did was done a decade ago,' Kvirala let out a chuckle, 'And I have enough control

over myself to not think about so far into the past no matter how much he tortures me. I pretty much have a clean slate after that, since everything progressed naturally thanks to ambitious individuals, none of whom are connected to me.'

Similar to Inala, all Virala did was plant the seeds initially, in a select few individuals. Everything from there happened because of a series of actions and consequences thanks to those individuals, which birthed even more of their kind.

'Hmm?' As he sat in silence, Virala was surprised to notice three items appeared on his palm. The first two were identical woollen cylinders while the third was a familiar Spirit Container. He chucked the Spirit Container in his mouth and smiled at the message that had popped up in his mind space, 'You're a mad genius, Inala.'

[Approach Yamahara during MunuBuntara's coronation ceremony in two days and activate the second woollen cylinder. Our main bodies will appear to take action instantly. We're ready! Use the first one now.]

'Ke...keke...kekeke!' Virala cackled in excitement as he activated the first woollen cylinder,

watching it unfurl a pair of strings that rotated like the rotor of a helicopter and allowed it to assume a state of flight. Immediately in response, his eyes widened as he noticed the figure of Inala next to him, hands around his shoulder.

From one of the Biome Bombs hunt at his hip exited a tiny Mystic Ewworm, a metre in length.

It crawled to the other side and became the Mystic Human Virala, whose expression was in pain as the other body now had a Vara Human Avatar.

A second later, he nodded at Inala, "Thanks. I synchronised with all the information of this

body."

He reverted into a metre-long Mystic Ewworm and entered the Biome Bomb. A word later, Inala vanished, "We'll be waiting for you to create the perfect opportunity."

'Now, that's something.' Virala clutched his aching head as he hadn't gained much information during that synchronisation. His sealed self's mind was only at the Silver Grade, which meant he needed a lot of time to access the data of his other self.

However, the Mystic Human Virala had assumed Empyrean Boar King's human form,

possessing a Mystic Grade brain. That meant he only needed a second to gain all the experiences of the Free Human Virala, following which he left.

The immunity of Mystic Humans against external influences ensured that even in this

situation with different versions of bodies, he could push away an implosion for a long enough duration. The Mystic Human Virala had done the same when confronted with the Mammoth Clansman Virala in the past, so it wasn't anything new to him.

Now, the Mystic Human Virala gained the Skills of Spirit Weapon Switch and Spirit Puppet

Slip, two skills that the Free Human Virala had been experimenting with, developing, and accumulating experience upon.

Immediately in response, the Mystic Human Virala's strength grew by leaps and bounds. And

for the next two days, he planned to absorb, assimilate, and harmonise with the two skills. He'll also be making the necessary preparations for the fight two days from now on.

"I've brought you some food..." Inspector Pierra arrived at the cell, holding a tray of food that was enough for two people. It was obvious he intended to give Kvirala company.

"Thank you," Virala accepted his portion and wolfed down the food, commenting once he had

eaten a few mouthfuls, "How many alcohol establishments have you managed to find in the past two months?"

"Fourteen," Inspector Pierra sighed, "Majority of them were pretty much the kitchens of individual homes. So, it's very difficult to find them."

"I see..." Virala nodded like he was concerned before suddenly, his eyes widened in a startling

realisation. His voice became amplified as he stared at Inspector Pierra and spoke in excitement, "Wait a second...!"

"I got it! I got it!" His voice reverberated in joy, "We can use that!"

"Did something happen, Sir Kvirala?" Chief Inspector Stampark heard his exclaims and

arrived in a hurry, expressing concern.

"I figured out a way to round them all up!" Kvirala exclaimed as he stared at Stampark,

"There's a reason alcohol is dangerous to cultivators, right?"

"Yes," Stampark nodded.

"It affects our Prana since it can get absorbed into the blood." Virala shouted, "And His

Majesty, Yamahara can control the blood."

"What are you getting at, Sir Virala?" Stampark asked, feeling hopeful upon seeing Kvirala's excitement, "Please explain what you've thought of."

"Please fix an appointment with His Majesty!" Kvirala said, patting his chest as he explained,

"I can't explain my method in theory. But give me some time and I'll show it in action."

"Chief," He stared at Stampark, "Do we have any of the alcohol production facilities left intact? I can demonstrate my method there."

"We have a few," Stampark nodded, staring at Kvirala in seriousness to ask, double-checking,

"Are you confident of this working?"

"In theory, I'm confident." Virala's tone turned calm as he slowed down on his words, "I

don't know about His Majesty's powers fully. So, whether or not my method can work is

something only His Majesty, Yamahara can conclude. But even if this doesn't work, I'm confident he can derive many other solutions from it."

"I stake my life on this claim, Chief!" Virala patted his chest.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Alright, if you say so, I'll contact His Majesty." Stampark nodded, "Let's hope this works,"

"Since I'll be forced to stake my reputation on the claim to summon him."



Chapter 765: Mystic Paths Unite

﻿

In the house of a man who had been manufacturing alcohol were four individuals-Pierra, Stampark, Yamahara, and Kvirala.

Arriving at the kitchen where the manufacturing apparatus had been placed, Virala gathered some of the commonly available market ingredients that he had brought with him and began the process of brewing alcohol, "Now, watch me."

While the process was processing, Virala stared at Yamahara, "Now, if you can extract some of my blood."

"Alright," Yamahara touched Virala and extracted ten millilitres of his blood.

"Now, can you add this substance to it?" Virala pushed a vial towards Yamahara who poured the contents into the extracted blood. Immediately in response, a rotten egg stench wafted out from the vial, growing stronger and stronger every minute.

"Ugh!" Virala grunted soon, covering his mouth with a piece of cloth as he stopped the brewing process. "It's done."

"This is it?" Yamahara frowned, "Is this scent supposed to be your plan?"

"Let's go out to talk," Virala said and led the group to a nearby house and stared at Yamahara, "Please disperse the scent now."

"Fine," Yamahara controlled the blood in the vial and caused a portion of it to evaporate, spreading it in his surroundings.

"Smells nice!" A kid from the nearby house peeked out from the entrance and stared in their direction, "Nice perfume, uncle!"

"Thank you," Yamahara smiled casually before facing Kvirala to ask in seriousness, "What is happening?"

"It's a good scent naturally, which is what regular people will smell. However," Virala pointed at the vial in Yamahara's hands, "Anyone manufacturing alcohol will be inhaling faint particles of it during the process, which will be in their nostrils. When the particles of this scent and the ones in their nostrils react, they produce a rotten egg stench that only worsens over time."

"It can become quite unbearable if they were to inhale this stench all the time." Virala grinned, "Only those manufacturing alcohol will experience this stench. It's not a foolproof method, but what do you think?"

"Indeed, it's pretty solid." Yamahara nodded after some thought. He then stared at the vial of blood in his hand, concluding after a while, "There's no harm in trying. If someone manages to endure the stench or figures out the cause for the stench, this plan falls apart."

"Yes," Virala nodded, "They'll only have to talk with someone not involved in the brewing process to understand the cause. So this is a temporary solution at best."

'But if we implement it on a large scale, we can capture most of the culprits.' Yamahara thought as he stared at the vial, 'As long as we capture enough, we can crack down on the remaining through our investigation.'

The problem currently was that too many people knew the recipe to manufacture alcohol. So, it was hard to stop the process. But as long as they manage to jail the ones manufacturing it on a large scale, they can put a halt to the unregulated propagation of alcohol.

Once they control the commercial activity, it would just be individuals brewing alcohol for a night of fun. With some laws in place, that too can be controlled. They can also use other means to spread awareness against the consumption of alcohol.

As long as the rampant spread and sales of alcohol were stopped, they could control the issue to a great extent.

"Good work," Yamahara patted Kvirala on the shoulder, "You'll be rewarded once the operation proves to be successful."

"If I may be presumptuous, Your Majesty..." Virala hesitated for a moment before kneeling on the floor in respect, "May I be blessed with the opportunity to witness My Lord's Coronation tomorrow?"

'MunuBuntara?' Yamahara thought for a moment as he stared at Kvirala, nodding in response, "You may. Since you've contributed to the efforts significantly, I'll allow you to be part of the entourage accompanying MunuBuntara."

"Thank you, Your Majesty." Virala thanked profusely and returned home for the first time in two months. His house was empty, as usual, for anything of value had been raided and kept in the possession of the Department of Internal Security.

Inspector Tallua personally disliked him and tried to pin blame on many cases on him, one of which caused him to be locked up for the past two months. His original sentence was for six months, but he had been pardoned for a day just to accompany MunuBuntara, thanks to Yamahara. 'He's a good guy, that Yamahara.'

'And naively optimistic too. It's strange to think he's that woman's son.' Virala chuckled as he left his home and entered the clothing store manned by the textile company based in the Noikatol District.

Using the line of contact established there, Virala soon managed to inform MunuBuntara, arriving at the latter's residence in the Capital City.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Kvirala, you're here." MunuBuntara beckoned for Virala to enter the house and made him sit on a seat nearby, "Good job out there. You were praised by His Majesty."

"I just took the opportunity when I saw a chance to redeem myself." Virala bowed respectfully, "I apologise for troubling you all the time, My Lord."

"It's alright, I understand your reasoning. What you did could be considered a necessary evil." MunuBuntara waved his hand, "Even the Chief Inspector is on your side, so I'm aware you've not committed any crimes."

"I'll be accompanied by five people tomorrow." MunuBuntara said and stared at Virala, "You'll be the sixth individual. Work hard to ensure the alcohol issue is taken care of. It'll make our District look good."

"Atop the rewards from His Majesty, Yamahara, I'll also reward you accordingly," MunuBuntara said with authority.

"Yes, I'll work hard, My Lord!" Virala bowed until his forehead touched the floor.

"Stay here for the night. I don't want any delays in our preparations." MunuBuntara snapped his finger as a servant approached Virala, "He'll instruct you on the decorum you need to follow in court tomorrow. Since time is short, cooperate with him. He'll work on creating a Suit for you."

"Everyone needs to appear their best tomorrow." MunuBuntara said in all seriousness, "Our District's pride depends on it."

"Yes!" Virala saluted in response and accompanied the servant, making preparations for the

next day.

'Hah!' MunuBuntara closed his eyes and let out a long sigh, 'I'll be able to see Mother tomorrow. Hopefully, Father is also there.'

His mother was a Free Human. However, she was the woman selected to birth competent

Wean Clansmen. She stayed at a special zone in the Capital where other Free Humans similar to her stayed. After giving birth to her, she rested her body a little and immediately began preparations to birth the next Wean Clansman.

MunuBuntara only spent a short time with his mother before he was mature enough to head

out to the Varahan Enclave, where he was trained on his duties as a Wean Clansman. And once he reached the peak of the 1-Life Stage and attained maturity, he left the Varahan Enclave and began preparations to establish the Noikatol District.

He hadn't seen his mother after that. MunuBuntara hadn't seen his father, the Boar King, Brana, even once. Typically, a Wean Clansman became properly acknowledged by their parents during their Coronation Ceremony.

So, MunuBuntara was both nervous and looked forward to the next day. In a jiffy, MunuBuntara was in a well-guarded carriage, accompanied by his entourage. His presence boomed proudly as he was wearing the suit made by Binala, giving him the grandeur of a King

already.

The Capital City, Narkn was divided into two sections. The outer section contained massive Decodus Trees serving as homes for people in power, oftentimes an entire tree being home to just a single family.

The inner section was just the Varahan Palace.

The Decodus Trees here were different from the rest. They had been planted closely until their

sides touched and merged to become a unified whole, resulting in the creation of a large wall.

Three layers of Decodus Trees had been planted concentrically, and merged to become a

singular wall.

Beyond the wall of Decodus Trees was a colossal Decodus Tree, reaching a height of three kilometres, akin to a mountain. Its radius spanned a kilometre, a ginormous natural structure. It was the Varahan Palace, one that continued to grow slowly, every day.

The speciality of the Varahan Palace was that Parute Trees grew on its leaves, dropping Parute

Fruits onto the leaves. These leaves absorbed the Parute Fruits and circulated the Prana throughout its structure.

The Varahan Palace had been modified extensively by Yarsha Zahara until it could store a Tangible Nature. It didn't have a Spirit Container, but thanks to the modifications, it was considered a body-like a Human or Pranic Beast-by Tangible Natures.

It was similar to a mortal human body-after a Free Human loses their Spirit Container. The Parute Fruits did cause Prana to course through the Varahan Palace, which made it easier for a

Tangible Nature to recognise it.

Tangible Nature-Bio-Synthesis!

This Tangible Nature had been fused into the Varahan Palace, the influence from which

simply added to its growth speed. On a grand scale, the improvement was negligible. However, this allowed the Varahan Palace to better consume the Parute Fruits, leading to its

overall development.

After all, the bigger it became, the greater the load on its structure. The Prana coursing through it allowed it to absorb suitable minerals from the ground, using them accordingly to build itself better. It had been planted on the sole node in this region, one spewing out minerals constantly like the Brimgan Empire.

The bark of the Decodus Tree forming the Varahan Palace was four times lighter than regular

Decodus Tree bark but was fourteen times stronger, having a metallic sheet. Various minerals coursed across its stem and branches, slowly but steadily changing it to endure its growing weight, constantly modifying it to adapt to its changes.

'The Varahan Palace is one of its kind!' MunuBuntara muttered as he alighted from his carriage and walked towards the Palace, accompanied by his entourage.

The group made its way to the courtroom where the overseer announced their entry aloud,

"Lord MunuBuntara from the Noikatol District! Lord MunuBuntara from the Noikatol District! Lord MunuBuntara from the Noikatol District!"

MunuBuntara stepped into the courtroom, observing rows of seats embedded on the walls

where Wean Clansmen were seated. The ones seated high up on the walls were only those crowned King or Queen.

Everyone else related to them was seated on seats arranged on the floor in the order of their

societal rank and status. Standing at the edge of the courtroom were the Royal Guard, each robustly trained.

Towards the end of the courtroom was a flight of adorned stairs, totalling a hundred. Extending above from it was a platform, over fifty metres from the floor. This platform was

situated above every single seat embedded in the walls of the courtroom, embodying the highest seat.

There, placed at the forefront was the throne for the Emperor's representative, Yamahara's

seat. Situated behind them were two more seats, meant for the Emperor and the Empress

respectively.

MunuBuntara raised his head subtly before subconsciously lowering his head. The sheer presence emanating from the top was unbearable for him.

On the left, seated on the Emperor's seat was Brangara, the strongest existence in Sumatra.

He adorned an armour forged through a combination of an Empyrean Tusk's tusk and the shell of an Empyrean Snapper, a clear picture that even Deities were nothing but prey to him.

Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast-Celestial Boar!

On the right, seated on the Empress's seat was Yarsha Zahara, adorning an armour that reflected different spectrums of light from every viewing angle, showcasing the Sumatra Gold used to build her Human Avatar, symbolising the pinnacle of Free Humans.

Finally, on the seat of representative was Yamahara, the living Minor Treasure responsible for

the creation of Boar Kings.

Seated on a seat embedded in the walls at the highest order was one of the Boar Kings- Brana. His expression oozed the power and arrogance that came with becoming the Boar King

as he casually trailed his eyes on MunuBuntara for an instant before closing his eyes, 'His accumulations are nowhere close enough to be elevated into a Boar King.'

"Step forward, descendant of mine." Brangara's voice resounded in authority as the

courtroom turned silent in response.

"Yes, Your Majesty!" MunuBuntara walked forward to the spot designated for him and kneeled solemnly, controlling his expression while being internally happy upon spotting his mother in the audience seat, cheering for him. 'This is my day!'

"Through your exceptional care, the region of Petrichor Savannah has firmly embraced the

Varahan Empire's rule. Both the native Pranic Beast and the Noikatol Kingdom have prospered in response, accounting for a ten times spike in population." The Varahan Emperor made a

small list before waving his hand as a crown flew over, refined using the Vara produced from

the Celestial Boar.

The general layout of the Petrichor Savannah was engraved on the crown, with a gem

embedded on its front, stating the words, 'Noikatol King!'

"Today, I pronounce you..." The Varahan Emperor's voice resounded with grandeur as the crown gently landed on MunuBuntara's head, "King of the Noikatol Kingdom,"

"MunuBuntara Noikatol!"

'It's time.' Right as the proclamation happened, Virala watched as the woollen cylinder fell

out of his pocket and spread its threads, assuming flight for an instant before it vanished. Virala closed his eyes for a moment, feeling a bolt destroy his Spirit Container Lock, causing

the full power of his Mystic Human self to course him and instantly get rid of every influence accumulated on him through the Vara Human Avatar over the years.

Virala opened his eyes and smiled, noticing a group of guests had arrived, standing on the

platform, right before Yamahara.

Violet Mystic Path-Mystic Human Virala!

Indigo Mystic Path-Royal Zinger Inala!

Blue Mystic Path-Transcendent Eater Blola!

'Hehe!' Virala chuckled as his body was instantly pulled into his main body standing on the platform, merging into the latter to enter the 2-Life Stage. The one who did that in an instant

was the last of the quartet that had arrived.

Red Mystic Path-Resha!



Chapter 766: Coloured Violet, Raged Red

﻿

'H-How are they here?' Yamahara was too stunned to react for a second, his emotions taken for a stormy stroll when Kvirala, the individual he had praised the day before suddenly emitted a whole other presence, turned young, and became virala.

'Kvirala? Virala? What the fuck?' He wasn't the type to curse, but the situation forced him to, 'I absorbed so much of his blood. How come I never detected any traces of him being Virala? He was a Free Human and his Vara Human Avatar too was genuine!'

"F-Father..." Yamahara turned around in shock, only to see that Brangara had already taken action, churning Prana through him to emit a sea of energy fluctuations, intending to both protect his precious son and attack the enemies.

Boom!

The 2-Life Stage Virala raised his hand and unleashed a powerful fore of psychokinesis through his Tratham armour, pushing Yamahara towards Brangara. Simultaneously, the 2- Life Stage Resha used Perfect Inertial Gravity to pull Brangara towards Yamahara.

Blola didn't target the two. Instead, he glared at his surroundings, causing all the Parute Trees growing on the Varahan Palace to wither and die, this way cutting off the vision of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater of the region.

Finally, there was the 2-Life Stage Inala who expanded Prana radially and enveloped the platform the throne was on.

Secondary Nature-Perfect Biome Domination!

He enveloped the space they were in with his Biome Bomb. And then, he activated the Major Treasure of Flight.

"Father!" Brana sprung up from his seat, activating Astral Chart to stack ten Natures of Prana Shock. The shockwaves he unleashed bombarded the platform, intending to target the intruders. However, all he accomplished was to witness the mocking smirk of Blola before the four individuals and the duo of Brangara and Yamahara vanished.

The shockwaves slammed into the platform and destroyed it, impacting the figure of Yarsha Zahara in response which popped like a balloon.

"What? What just happened?" Brana was terrified, for the intruders arrived all of a sudden and vanished as suddenly as they arrived, taking Brangara and Yamahara with them. Moreover, the Yarsha Zahara they had been interacting with wasn't real, stunning them all.

None of them had been informed about Brangara and Yarsha Zahara's plan to chase after the Mammoth Clan. Only Yamahara was kept in the loop. No one else was informed since there was a chance information could be compromised through them.

Even though Brangara's direct kids were Boar Kings now, they weren't yet strong enough to face the Mystic Paths who had experience fighting the Empyrean Boar King.

"What the fuck just happened?" Brana's figure flickered towards MunuBuntara and grabbed the latter by the scruff of his neck, "Why was Virala a part of your entourage? Fucking bastard! Did you betray us all?"n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"N-No, I had no idea..." MunuBuntara was still unable to process the shock, his body trembling as everyone in the courtroom became riled up, their billowing presence swarming the area. His entourage had already fainted in response. Even he was barely able to maintain his composure.

There were eighteen Boar Kings in the courtroom, all of whom had riled up their Prana, radiating presence of anger.

"Where are they?" Brana bellowed as he glared at MunuBuntara.

"I...I don't know!" MunuBuntara stammered in fear, fainting a few seconds later, unable to endure the presence of eighteen Boar Kings being concentrated upon him.

"Inspect all the bastards that arrived with him!" Brana roared, "Raid the Noikatol District. There must be some clues there!"

In a far-off location, at a massive desert bordering the Sandy-Grey Void was a small dune. Seated on it was Wally, resting after his recent experimentation. His expression was calm as he observed a Parute Tree sprout next to him, saying as he watched it bloom to become Blola, "Have you cleared everything?"

"Yes," Blola nodded, "I've wilted every single parute Tree in this region. That annoying leech won't be able to witness or interfere with what is happening here."

"Are you confident?" Wally asked, "It's the Transcendent Eater while you're just its diluted version."

"I'm at the 5-Life Stage now." Blola smirked, "That means my authority is equal to it. I've progressed past the difficult phase, and now, I can begin to exert my true strength."

'Besides, there is also that version of me out there. Adding it, six bodies of my control the Transcendent Eater's power while Sumatra's control is only on the remaining four.' Blola snorted, 'Let's see how long it can interfere down here. There's a reason Renduldu modified the power of the Transcendent Eater for one of us to obtain. It was in case Sumatra's Transcendent Eater decides to support Brangara.'

'I exist to even the field.' He thought and watched as a group arrived in the desert. He patted Wally and walked away, "Witness the fight while in hiding, kid."

"If you succeed, you'll be fighting against the real deal."

"Yes," Wally nodded as his figure sunk into the sand and disappeared from detection promptly. There were no traces of him being there.

Next to a dune appeared a total of six people: Virala, Inala, Blola, Resha, Brangara, and Yamahara.

"Ok, I'll bounce now," Inala muttered the moment they arrived and leapt lightly.

"Okay," Resha uttered and emitted a wave of gravity, sending Inala flying high up into the air.

"Stay right next to me, Son." Brangara said in alertness, lifting his head to see Inala hovering at a height of two kilometres, 'He's not floating.'

'Flight? Impossible!' However, he didn't have the time to remain shocked. After all, he was only one body and had to protect Yamahara while the rest had arrived with full preparation.

"Hide in me," Brangara whispered tensely as Yamahara obeyed without any objection. Once the latter used his power of Minor Treasure to fuse with his body, Brangara let out a heave in relief, 'I need to figure out a way to survive.'

His eyes darted to the Sandy-Grey Void that was situated eighty kilometres away, the curtain of night extending endlessly into the sky, 'As long as I run there, I should manage to escape.'

"Don't worry about that," Resha muttered calmly as he clasped his fists, "You're not going anywhere."

"I'm in position," Blola muttered as Parute Trees popped up in five different locations, surrounding the region. Blola stood in position, forming a barricade to prevent Brangara from running away.

'They've taken all measures against me!' Brangara's expression was a scowl, realising that the only way he could escape from here was to kill his enemies. There was no other option, 'I don't even have Subtle Terrain Domination. Dammit!'

Astral World-Rocky Intimidation x2!

Astral World-Imprison!

Rock pillars appeared between the two groups as Brangara grunted, using the Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast, Clumped Finger's Primary Nature of Imprison. The rock pillar dissolved into dust and rapidly homed in on his targets, intending to imprison them.

The effects of Rocky Intimidation would weaken their Prana and physical might further, making it harder for them to break out of the power of Imprison. However, he was aware that it would be impossible for this combination to deal with his enemies. As a result, he wasn't planning to attack them but instead used the dust as a means to cover himself.

The dust expanded radially, enveloping the figure of Virala. He didn't react and instead stared

up at the sky, focusing on the figure of Inala high up in the air, 'You're able to maintain your

cool even in this situation. As I expected,'

'You don't care about Orakha.'

...

Two days earlier, right after Inala informed the Free Human Virala and returned to the desert.

He stared at the faces of Virala, Resha, and Blola, "We'll get the opportunity to jump Brangara. Based on everything I've seen while surveying the Varahan Empire, there's only one body of Brangara. The remaining seem to have indeed gone elsewhere with Yarsha Zahara."

"The one taking her place is just Yamahara's power."

"Are you not angry?" Virala stared at Inala in calm before asking, his expression growing incensed, "You've been talking as if this doesn't concern you?"

"Have you lost your remaining two braincells?" Inala glared at Virala, "You think I'll take a

risk surveying the Varahan Empire if I wasn't concerned?"

"Your concern is of capturing Brangara for personal benefits and not avenging Orakha." Virala glared as Prana gushed out of his being, glowing pinkish crimson.

"Oh, I'm sorry that I wasn't as chummy with Orakha as a certain someone." Inala didn't even

seem to mind Virala's show of power. However, ten orbs calmly hovered behind him, ready to bombard Virala until he was reduced to ash.

"Stop it, both of you." Resha rushed between the two, glaring on either side, "Don't waste

your strength with a stupid fight."

"Aren't you angry, Resha?" Virala raged, his voice emotional, "Orakha was with the

Mammoth Clan. Wrunnala was one of them."

"I know," Resha muttered, his voice turning soft.

"Yahira was inside Wrunnala." Virala raged, "You've seen what they've done to Orakha. Do

you think the others will be spared?"

"Enough!" Resha roared as the sky crackled in response. But a second later, he calmed himself, "Just because I act cool doesn't mean I'm not angry. I always am angry."

"But the outlet of my anger is Brangara." He said and patted Virala on the shoulder, "Fighting

this one body of Brangara is a trial run to see how our builds compare against the Celestial Boar. It's to prepare us for the battle against the real deal, armed with forty-plus Natures of

Subtle Terrain Domination."

"Besides," He glared at Virala, "You're merely at the 2-Life Stage even after counting your other body. Why the fuck are you acting strong, bastard?"

"We'll capture the Celestial Boar and everyone will feast on that pig to grow through the Life

Stage, got it?" His gaze sharpened in rage to the extent the liquid vaporised. He then turned around and glared at Inala, "Are you serious?"

"Does seeing Orakha in that state not anger you?"

"If you're asking for sympathy, you won't get it from me." Inala stated calmly, "Orakha was

the one who fled this war. I have no sympathy for such an individual. Besides, do you think I wanted to fight? No, but I have to, because there's no other choice."

"Hey, Resha..." Inala took flight and hovered at an altitude of forty metres from the ground,

shouting, "The current you is not influenced by an Empyrean Tusk. And it seems you've regained the memories of your childhood. Then, why don't you state my dream?"

He pointed at Virala, "Tell it to that selfish bastard."

"You..." Resha closed his eyes, remembering the scene where the seven of them were staring

out from the window of a building situated on the side of the 44th Empyrean Tusk's stomach, enjoying the view of Sumatra beyond, "Your dream is to explore Sumatra."

"That has never changed..." Inala flew away, "So, seal your feelings tight and do what must be

done to end this war."

...

As the dust from the rock pillar began to layer over his body, intending to imprison him,

Virala glared at Inala, 'You can afford to seal your emotions, fucker. But I can't.'

Boom!

"I know I'm a bastard. But," Pinkish-red radiance erupted as all the dust, including the layer

covering him, was sent flying away, forming a crater as the figure of Brangara was revealed. The force of psychokinesis radiated out of him with enough intensity to overpower the ability of Imprison, preventing the dust under its power from even approaching him. "He was a

genuinely good guy."

"Orakha is the only bastard," Virala muttered as Tratham covered him from head to toe, becoming a full body armour. Ripples of psychokinesis wafted out of his feet, pushing onto the sand as in response, his figure turned into a reddish blur and closed in on Brangara, "He

was the only bastard on Sumatra,"

His left hand emanated the force of psychokinesis to swat away the effects of Natures flying at

him. He clenched his hand into a fist, crouched before Brangara while evading the latter's

blows, and sent a fist reeling into the face, "The only bastard I considered a friend!"

"HOW DARE YOU DESTROY HIM!"



Chapter 767  I Am Curious

Prana pulsed out of Virala's fists and transformed into the force of psychokinesis that violently gushed into Brangara's mouth and caused fragments of his teeth to fly out at supersonic speeds.

"I…have been…training!" Brangara grunted as he swerved his body, spun once, and unleashed a backhanded hook onto Virala's face, the impact minimised as a powerful repulsive force decelerated his fists.

"Well, congratulations!" A second body of Virala appeared, covered by Tratham armour as it grabbed Brangara's hands, holding it steady while the first body kneeled the latter's face, causing blood to spurt out.

"Argh!" Brangara roared, for a moment almost blacking out as he had been repeatedly targeted in the face, tethering him on the verge of unconsciousness. Prana billowed out of him as the two bodies of Virala were sent flying. Now standing amidst a tornado was the Celestial Boar, letting out a powerful scream when suddenly, hundreds of projectiles slammed into its face, craning its body sideways.

"Thanks for making yourself a large target." Hovering high up in the sky while clapping excitedly like a cheerleader was Amita Brimgan, transforming into the Royal Zinger whenever necessary.

A string of Prana stitched to its maximum length through the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch extended from her body and coiled around a lump of sand. A Biome Bomb appeared and grabbed a large amount of desert sand, following which Perfect Biome Domination was activated to melt and compress it into solidified glass.

The glass was then shaped into a Prana, for that was the most natural projectile a Zinger could hurl with the greatest momentum. With a start, the Royal Zinger spun as a Biome Bomb spat out Prana Bomb-shaped glass that it grabbed and threw.

The projectiles shone brightly, concentrating light towards their tip to unleash a faint laser that simply pointed at the impact spot, landing squarely on it a fraction of a second later.

"Whoa!" The Royal Zinger reverted to Inala's human form and flew around, dodging the spikes hurled his way through Bone-Melting Artillery. A spherical dome of air surrounded him, Perfect Biome Domination activated within.

Any spikes he couldn't dodge on time were swatted away through this. And the moment he dodged them, he assumed Royal Zinger form to chuck another volley at the Celestial Boar. Every single throw resulted in a thunderclap, making it seem like he was chucking suns as the compressed glass emitted heat and light sharply due to the sheer friction it experienced.

'What the fuck is this?' The Celestial Boar grunted, noticing small, half-a-metre holes litter his body, a result of the projectiles. It noticed its body trembling faintly, a result of shockwaves coursing through its body, 'Every single projectile not just packs a punch, the aftereffects are equally worse.'

"Tch!" The Celestial Boar reverted to human form, for that way, Brangara could at least avoid Inala's projectiles, staring at the sky to glare at the culprit casually spinning circles way beyond his reach. 'I can't reach him.'

"Don't interfere, Inala." Virala muttered as the desert sand around him erupted with waves as his figure rushed Brangara with raging momentum, "This bitch is mine!"

Astral World—Prana Shock x10!

Astral World—Eddy Blade x10!

"The same combination?" Virala snorted in disdain, "Do you never learn?"

"Of course I do," Brangara grunted as suddenly, the shockwaves he was about to unleash were concentrated upon the Eddy Blade, transforming into a sword that nicked the side of Virala's shoulder who dodged last minute.

Mystic Sumatra Art—Nature Stack!

Since the Wean Clan carried a bunch of Natures on their being all the time, the strongest way to strengthen themselves was through a signature Skill that could allow them to stack the effects of a Nature onto another Nature.

Nature Stack was exactly that, allowing Brangara to superimpose the effects of Prana Shock onto Eddy Blade to result in an effect on par with a Silver Grade Nature. And of course, twenty such Natures are being stacked atop each other, with each Nature elevated to the 10-Life Stage.

The result? There was a soft wave of energy as a portion of Virala's arm got vaporised.

A glare later, Virala unleashed a force of psychokinesis to push himself away from Brangara, grunting to see the latter similarly stack Prana Shock onto Shredded Lunge to instantaneously close in upon him, 'Seriously? Are they only Iron Grade Natures?'

'This fucker is indeed a broken existence!' His body weaved in a hurry, evading the humming energy sword flashing his way, avoiding contact. There was a series of thrusts and evasions between the two as they attacked in a flurry.

Depending on one's cultivation technique and set of power, certain Skills were overpowered. One example of it was the Brimgan Empire's Spirit Weapon Switch, a Skill with infinite growth potential. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Brandal Brimgan was capable of using it to control a hundred Spirit Weapons, and even he hadn't attained a limit for the Skill. It was one Skill that even a long-lived existence like a Brimgan Royal, even after training for over a millennium, could not master.

And having faced its power firsthand, Brangara wanted something similar for the Wean Clan. After all, they had to invest their time, effort, and energy strategically. Having a hundred Skills was of no use since Mystic Sumatra Art was pretty much a universal cultivation technique.

The Boar Kings had Astral Chart while he had Astral World, allowing them to truly unleash the stacking characteristics of this Nature and impose it upon two different Natures. This allowed them to use two powerful Iron Grade Natures and attain power on the level of a Silver Grade Nature.

With them having a large batch of Natures, the Wean Clansmen became extremely versatile. However, this prevented them from finalising a direction of strength accumulation. Hence, Brangara worked with Yarsha Zahara, Yamahara, and the rest of the Boar Kings to create this Skill.

The Boar Kings had Astral Chart while he had Astral World, allowing them to truly unleash the stacking characteristics of this Nature and impose it upon two different Natures. This allowed them to use two powerful Iron Grade Natures and attain power on the level of a Silver Grade Nature.

Of course, in Brangara's hand, thanks to him having the Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator, he could attain power on a whole other level from elevating every single Nature to the 10-Life Stage.

"Die!" Brangara roared as he continued to hack away at Virala, from time to time nicking the latter, blowing up body parts in response. With this power, the moment Virala assumes Pranic Beast form, he paints himself as a bigger target.

Therefore, Virala too was forced to remain in human form and fight while relying on Tratham armour alone.

Bang!

A second body of Virala appeared behind Brangara and grabbed his arm which carried the humming energy sword. Immediately in response, the first body of Virala kicked him in the groin, forcing him to howl in pain.

However, a layer of dust covered the knee thanks to the power of Imprison, allowing Brangara to pour psychokinesis through it as if it were his Spirit Weapon. Veins popped on his forehead under the exertion as he ripped apart the Tratham armour covering Virala's knee. And then, his hand came in contact with the latter.

"Shit!" Resha realised Brangara's plan and rushed into the fight in a hurry, no longer remaining a bystander. However, it was too late.

"Thanks for that." Brangara cackled as a stream of blood flowed out of Virala from the knee and flooded down his throat.

Astral World—Bloody Affection x4!

This was followed by Yamahara's power, causing the blood to show no signs of stopping once it started leaking. Immediately in response, Virala's body began to shrivel up before collapsing like a withered husk.

"Dammit!" Resha grunted, feeling that they had been too overconfident as there were four of them and only one body of Brangara, 'I should have taken centre stage…'

But then, he stopped, sighing upon seeing that Inala remained hovering in the air with zero change in expression, not in the least concerned about Virala's plight. It wasn't that Inala didn't care about Virala, but just that…

There was no need for concern.

'So, that's why.' Resha watched in surprise as spikes of blood jutted out of Brangara's body like a rainforest, resulting in horrid screams from both Brangara and Yamahara. The spikes of blood curved around like serpents and drilled in and out of Brangara's body.

Two seconds later, the stream of blood gushed out of his body and poured into Virala's withered body, rapidly causing it to regain its virality as he stood up, anew. His other body recombined, allowing him to resume a 2-Life Stage cultivation once again.

Moreover, the volume of blood flowing into him was way more than what Brangara had absorbed. The excess blood condensed into a massive sphere next to him as Virala chuckled, "Thanks for absorbing and storing my blood over the days, Yamahara."

"You've given me lots of ammo." He walked casually as a new layer of Tratham armour covered his body. It morphed to sprout an ice skate as Virala stomped hard on Brangara's hand, severing it at the wrist. He then kicked it away, watching the humming energy sword dissipate in response.

"Damn you!" Brangara grunted and fused with Virala's body when the two made contact, using his power as a Major Treasure to enter the latter's body. He planned to destroy Virala from the inside. But an instant later, he jumped outside as both Virala and Brangara let out bloodcurdling screams.

'What the fuck was that?' Cold sweat dripped down his forehead as Brangara was in a state of shock, 'Why couldn't I do anything to him?'

"This…this at least proves that my immunity is strong enough to resist your powers as a Major Treasure." Virala gasped as he reeled on the sand, trembling nonstop as he focused on healing the crack that had appeared on his Spirit Container.

He gasped a little before roaring aloud, "The powers of the both of you can do shit to me now!"

[Are you alright, son?] Brangara communicated with Yamahara in concern, realising clearly that he wasn't walking out of this alive. Forget killing all four Mystic Paths. He wasn't even confident about killing Virala for the time being, 'That bastard is treating this fight as an experiment. He knows that the others can come to his rescue, so he can fight without worries.'

If Virala was truly in danger, either Inala or Resha would have interfered with the fight.

[I'm sorry, Father. I didn't even notice that Virala's blood could act upon his command even when it's in my storage.]

[That's alright, at least we know it now. I'm almost done healing. Prepare to use your mother's blood! I'll create an opportunity.]

The wounds on his body healed as Brangara lifted his head, only to notice a towering individual stand before him, 'What the fuck?'

'Was he always this huge?'

It was Resha, currently reaching a height that slightly exceeded three meters. His expression was incredibly steady, a sharp contrast to what Brangara had seen from him during the few times they fought each other.

"I believe it's my turn now," Resha said, his voice booming with power as he stared at Virala.

"…Fine," Virala exhaled slowly as sand churned under him, pulling him a fair distance away, "I noticed plenty of issues with my fighting style. So I'm going to think of some solutions. I might become a bit slow in response as a result, so don't be careless, alright?"

"It's…alright." Resha said, his gaze unflinching from Brangara, looking down on the latter, "Get up, Brangara."

He then stared at Inala and pointed at Brangara, "Supply him with Prana until he's at full capacity."

"Alright," Inala controlled himself from smiling as he threw a Biome Bomb toward Brangara, uttering casually, "It's not dangerous."

"You looking down on me, fucker?" Brangara could sense that the Biome Bomb falling towards him didn't have anything malicious in it. To ensure he wouldn't avoid it, Inala ensured the Biome Bomb was transparent, and even made it porous to ensure Brangara's Prana detection means could easily see through it.

"Use it, Brangara." Resha uttered as he slowly burst his knuckles, "I truly am curious,"

"Curious of how strong I am currently."

"What the…" Brangara's expression widened in shock as Resha's body began to grow, in a fraction of a second transforming into a bony version of the very existence he was on guard against all along.

"I'll be damned!" Virala exclaimed in shock before subconsciously clapping his hands, excited as he heard Resha's voice resound with imposing confidence.

"No one else will interfere, Brangara. Come at me in your Celestial Boar form!"

There was a storm as Brangara assumed Celestial Boar form, but still paled in height as compared to the bipedal existence towering over him, its each arm spanning his height. Moreover, unlike the original, this one was heavy, insanely heavy.

Empyrean 100—Royal Zinger!



Chapter 768: Is He Truly Resha?

﻿

Upon reaching the Body Stage, a Mammoth Clansman would fuse with the egg of a Pranic

Beast. Following that, using the tusk bone powder of an Empyrean Tusk, they would build the Pranic Beast body.

In terms of shape and size, both were similar, but the Mammoth Clansman counterpart was solely made out of bones, both hard and soft that structurally resembled the original. Only the weight, texture, and shade were different.

Empyrean 100 was a Nature that allowed a Mammoth Clansman to have up to a hundred such bodies. That was Resha's power, an accumulating type Nature that he had focused upon while thinking of the most optimal way to combat the Empyrean Boar King.

After Brangara became the Celestial Boar, Resha was plunged into a state of confusion, for he no longer was confident in his current build being able to hold up to a Brangara that became broken even in the realm of absurdity.

But his confusion was only in his initial days. As Resha spent his time away from the Mammoth Clan, especially the Empyrean Tusks, the influence generated on him wilted away, especially one caused by Sumara Chronicles.

Gradually, through the Major Treasure of Cure, he regained his original character, from which he sought to improve himself. Once he arrived to that line of thought, he understood the Supreme Tusk Gannala's thoughts.

She didn't intend for Resha to simply be the Mammoth Clan's strongest chess piece but instead one capable of exceeding the Mammoth Clan's boundaries and venture into a new territory. After all, Resha expressed the pinnacle of strength a Mammoth Clansman could obtain. Moreover, in every field of expertise a Mammoth Clansman could attain, he was in a class of his own.

The Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 was as strong as the Pranic Beast bodies documented in it. Adding that to his existing capabilities allowed Resha to become a dense or featherweight version of all the hundred Pranic Beast body types.

Instead of trying to constantly change his power set, Resha simply intended to tread his existing path to its pinnacle. After all, unlike other Empyrean Tusks, his Biomes had progressed into an Influenced Region to a great extent.

And that gave him a tremendous power, one he planned to verify the potential of against the Celestial Boar.

He was calm, watching Inala's Biome Bomb seep Prana into the body of the Celestial Boar. Resha didn't move an inch and waited until he felt the latter's reserves were full, "Are you ready?"

"You'll regret it." The Celestial Boar's expression was incensed as it condensed the humming energy sword once again, pausing for a moment before creating a second one. Sand swirled around its body and transformed into a tough layer of armour.

The Nature of Imprison could be used both defensively and offensively. After wrapping on the Celestial Boar's body, the sand condensed to its limit until it became a thin layer, one that no longer hindered its movements.

It raised its hand, exerting greater strength than usual. Staring at it from afar was Virala, his eyes widening in response.

'That bastard is using psychokinesis on the sand armour to strengthen his attack and defence to its limit. It's how I fight.' Virala glared at the Celestial Boar, 'He's a fucking pig, one that cannot innovate. But the moment he's revealed of a possibility, he grasps onto it instantly.'

Every single growth attained by Brangara was by fighting the Mystic Paths. Every time he fell prey to their schemes and managed to survive, he grew stronger, by leaps and bounds. It was why once Inala attained his endgame build, he refrained from facing Brangara until he was absolutely ready.

Otherwise, a half-baked plan would do nothing more than strengthen Brangara further.

'And obviously, Resha is also aware of it, the most among us in fact.' Virala thought and stared at the bone figure of the Royal Zinger that Resha had transformed into, 'So, I'm curious to see what he has in store.'

Two giants stood in a confrontation on the sand, their bodies sinking due to their weight. A second later, the body Royal Zinger's body floated out of the sand, resting on the surface once again. The faint wings generated in the desert was enough to move its body out as the wings trailing from its arms acted as the sails of a ship.

'So what if he can transform into the Royal Zinger? It's not as strong as me physically!' The Celestial Boar opened its mouth, unleashed an earth-shattering roar, and rushed towards the body Royal Zinger, humming energy swords ready to destroy the latter.

"Swords?" The body Royal Zinger revealed a smile as it raised its arm and condensed a massive object in the shape of a Prana Bomb and threw it, "You need to get close for that first."

"Hmph!" The Celestial Boar thrust forth with its sword and cleanly severed through the egg- shaped object, about to continue rushing forward when a spike of Prana erupted from the two halves.

Perfect Inertial Gravity-Gravity Funnel!

The Gravity Funnel connected the two halves and brought them together right as the Celestial Boar's body passed through the centre. The two halves slammed into the sides of its face, disorienting its balance for a moment. But then...

"What the fuck...?" The Celestial Boar cursed in shock, noticing that its feet were no longer in contact with the sand. Instead, its feet were hovering at a height of twenty metre above ground level, flailing around, unable to find a foothold.

Its body flew upward steadily, a portion of its body in contact with the bony Royal Zinger's outstretched arm. Cracks formed across its outstretched arm as the body Royal Zinger was clearly struggling.

However, the fact that it managed to lift the Celestial Boar's body was a resounding feat in of itself. Exactly three seconds later, Resha reverted to human form, letting go of his hold as he watched the Celestial Boar plummet face first into the sand.

He stared at his hand and clenched it into a fist, 'Though barely, I can lift the Celestial Boar. This means, once Brangara is exhausted of propulsion type Natures such as Prana Shock, I can simply throw him to a height and watch him fall to his death.'

He still had a long way to go before Resha could treat Brangara's main body in such a way. However, that didn't matter, for he only intended to check the possibility. With a start, his figure flickered towards the Celestial Boar, transforming into the Royal Zinger midway as he flailed his hand.

The Celestial Boar noticed the swipe of the body Royal Zinger's claws and raised its arms up to defend itself. However, even if it could perceive the attack, it couldn't react fast enough.

In terms of a throwing action, the Royal Zinger was unmatched on Sumatra, with the majority

of its strength concentrated in its arms. And when accentuated by the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, Resha's swipe was faster than Inala.

Boom!

A large gash formed on the Celestial Boar's arm, revealing his bones that were partially cut through too. But right as Prana surged into the region in an effort to heal it, the arm bone

around the cut section began to melt.

Secondary Nature-Mystic Bone!

Mammoth Clansmen were able to manipulate bone through Mystic Bone Art to gradually

mould its shape and create various shapes. This was at the Body Stage. Once they enter the Life Stage, their cultivation technique becomes stronger, allowing this moulding process to become faster.

Some of the Mammoth Clansmen relied on this to freely control bone like a liquid, treating its entirety like a Spirit Weapon, mimicking a Cooter Clansman. However, even if they could control it, the bone's properties didn't change.

But the Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone took the characteristics of Mystic Bone Art and elevated it to the extreme, even as a Nature. It allowed Resha to instantaneously refine any piece of bone into the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk.

Depending on the original bone's quality, the quantity of the resulting Empyrean Tusk's tusk he obtained varied. Moreover, once transformed into the bone mimicking the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk, Resha could freely control it as a Spirit Weapon.

Using the claws of the bony Royal Zinger, Resha swiped a gash on the Celestial Boar's arms

and managed to make contact with the latter's arm bones. The moment contact was made, the power of Mystic Bone took effect, beginning to convert the bone around the contact area into an Empyrean Tusk equivalent.

The Celestial Boar's Prana resisted the change, ensuring Resha couldn't create a Spirit Weapon within the Celestial Boar's arms. However, as it was resisting Mystic Bone's effects, it

couldn't heal the injury fast enough.

Boom!

A storm was generated with the bony Royal Zinger's second swipe, causing another series of gashes on the Celestial Boar's arms. The humming energy sword intended to target the third

swipe, but they strangely moved past the target.

Perfect Inertial Gravity-Dispersion!

A gravitational field surrounded Resha that pulled all incoming entities tangentially around

him, causing them to miss their attacks. Had the Celestial Boar possessed even one Nature of

Internal Inertial Gravity, the effects of Dispersion would have been lowered to a tenth of its original, or even lower.

But since Brangara didn't have it, he couldn't defend promptly, taken for a wild spin as

molten bone dripped out of his arm and expanded outward, layering over the arms gradually.

And as they expanded, the power of Mystic Bone increased, before soon, the hands of the Celestial Boar were severed.

As the hands fell, a river of blood flowed upward and entered the Celestial Boar's mouth. The

pair of hands fell as withered husks, ensuring Brangara didn't lose much of his energy levels from the previous exchange.

"That's a strong attack," The Celestial Boar wiped its mouth and glared at Resha, "But you've

already used it against me in the past, Resha."

"Show me something new."

'I need to buy time. My main body should have been informed about this situation by

Sumatra's Transcendent Eater through the Parute Trees.' Brangara thought, feeling creeped out because unlike usual, Resha didn't express any hint of rage.

Instead, he was calmly attacking Brangara, as if he hadn't heard the latter's provocation. 'Isn/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

this truly Resha?'

There was a faint flash in his body as he absorbed the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity using Yarsha Zahara's power that was stored in Yamahara. However, he felt odd, for no matter how much he thought about it, Resha's actions didn't make sense, 'He's only using abilities that

he has already displayed before.'

"Are you truly Resha?" The Celestial Boar frowned in response, gradually getting accustomed to fields of gravity pulling its body apart every time it intended to target Resha.



Chapter 769: Return of the Supreme Tusk

﻿

There was a reason Yamahara was captured alongside Brangara by Inala. It was to create a hostage situation.

After all, if Yamahara wasn't there, then upon seeing that his situation was perilous, Brangara would have committed suicide. There was zero reason to be captured by the enemy and be subjected to humiliation.

However, his precious son was also here, which meant that irrespective of how bad the situation got, Brangara had to create a way of survival for his son, which made his situation extremely irritating. And the fact that further enhanced the irritation was none other than the individual before him, acting nonchalant, and completely out of character.

"Are you truly Resha?" Brangara returned to human form and glared at the individual before him.

"Why? Does it seem strange that I'm not rushing at you in hatred?" Resha uttered, his voice steady, but chilling, treating Brangara like a dead man, "I'm not arrogant enough to hate on a dead man. Besides,"

He stared at Brangara and chuckled, "You make it seem like only I have a reason to hate you. Did you forget them already?"

"Your precious daughters, I mean."

"Bastard," Anger surged through his being as a pillar of light burst out of Brangara, reaching the sky. However, a moment later, he stared upwards, stunned to see the pillar being blocked by something at a height of two kilometres from the ground.

The pillar of light didn't expand beyond that, rippling at the point of contact to reveal a transparent structure. It was like a layer of water, but floated in the air, powerful enough to stop the beam he generated.

A glance at it and Brangara realised what it was, glaring at Inala in response.

"Attributed Region's water," Inala let out a chuckle, "As an Influenced Region, it can block the beam of light you emit. Moreover, whatever means you've been trying to contact your main body won't work for the same reason."

A snap of his finger and there was a faint ripple across the sky, revealing a massive dome that covered a good part of the desert.

'How...did he manage to gather such a large amount?' Brangara stared at the ginormous dome in shock, 'Even if he stripped all the water from the Attributed Region, it still wouldn't have been enough to make something this massive!'

"I'm done here." Resha's sudden statement broke Brangara out of his reverie, his expression turning fiercer as he noticed Resha walking away.

Even though Brangara would have normally sought to flee by taking advantage of the situation, he felt insulted by Resha's action, "Fucker!"

Astral World-Shredded Lunge x20!

"How dare you?" He stacked all his Natures of Prana Shock atop Shredded Lunge and rushed towards Resha, condensing the wind blades generated at its end into Prana shock and layered it over Eddy Blade to result in the strongest attack his current self could manage.

Moreover, a soft glow covered his body as Yamahara activated Yarsha Zahara's Primary Nature of Incident Nature Reflection, using it as a defence. His blade made an arc and swiped Resha on the neck. However, Resha's body continued to walk forward, despite getting his head severed.

"What...the fuck is happening?" He stared in shock as Resha's severed head was caught by his outstretched hand. It melted into a pool of bone and was absorbed into the hand, following which a new head grew back, sporting a texture of bone before it reverted into skin and hair resembling the original in his human form.

Right as he wondered, Resha's fist flew into his face. He ducked, avoiding it on time when suddenly, a second fist jutted out of the hand and slammed into his face, catching him off guard.

His figure skidded onto the sand, forming a long trench from the impact as Brangara noticed that Yamahara was unable to absorb any of Resha's blood. Instead, it was Yarsha Zahara's power that managed to absorb a portion of Internal Inertial Gravity and Mystic Bone.

However, the trade-off was worse for him, as Brangara noticed a portion of his jawbone melt and drip onto the sand, following which it slithered towards Resha and merged into his body.

Major Treasure-Cure!

After fusing with it, Resha's Primary Nature changed from Internal Inertial Gravity to become Perfect Inertial Gravity. And slowly, over the years, the Major Treasure of Cure was accumulating its influence in all the terrains part of Resha's biomes.

The biomes were his internal organs, which meant that his body was changing gradually. A certain point arrived where the Influenced Region was able to unleash its effect.

Influenced Region-Mammoth Clansman!

Its effects were extremely simple. It considered Resha a Mammoth Clansman part of his Empyrean Tusk form's immune system. Basically, Resha could behave like a Mammoth Clansman and stay in the biomes of his Empyrean Tusk form, controlling the Empyrean Tusk form body from within the safety of the biome.

This meant that unless the specific biome was damaged, he wouldn't come under harm. But that was merely scratching the surface of what he could achieve.

From the very beginning, Resha's powers were the strongest. Perfect Inertial Gravity allowed him to control the very power of gravity that was coupled with the laws of inertia, making him

an unstoppable tank.

Boom!

Brangara clenched his hand into a fist and punched Resha in the face, pushing the latter away by a metre. However, the shockwaves from his punch travelled through the various tunnel systems in Resha, controlled and maintained without losses by the inertia aspects of his Primary Nature.

And then, Resha's right fist approached Brangara, extending like a river to chase after the latter's evasion and strike dead. The punch contained not just the power of his dense swing, but also the shockwaves from Brangara's previous punch.

"That was..." Brangara stared in a daze as a good chunk of his right shoulder was destroyed by the attack. His sheer power was added to Resha's heavy punch in that attack, making it many times stronger.

Basically, it was the same as the Celestial Boar unleashing a punch with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, the undisputed strongest force of nature to exist on Sumatra. It was always him using it on his prey.

But now, Brangara felt the taste of his own punch, one reinforced by Internal Inertial Gravity, stumbling back in shock, too numb to elicit a proper reaction. 'How did these guys become so strong? Or rather, since when were they this strong?'

During the First Major Disaster, the Mystic Seven were nothing. During the Second Major Disaster, the Mystic Seven were a serious threat. Brangara was aware that at their speed of growth, the Mystic Seven would eventually catch up to him.

However, their threat level dropped once he became the Celestial Boar, making him feel that they wouldn't become dangerous at least by the Third Major Disaster. As long as Yarsha Zahara obtains the Major Treasure of Weapon, their side will become invincible.

But the reality was different. Even at an overestimate, Brangara realised that he had underestimated the Mystic Seven, 'They've already caught up to me.'

"Astral World is by far the strongest Nature on Sumatra, even by a conservative estimate.

However, it is still plagued by the same issue as Astral Chart." Resha muttered slowly as he turned around and walked towards Brangara, looking down on the latter, "It becomes infinitely stronger only when powerful Natures are placed in it."

"As in the past, irrespective of what strategy we used, you'll only need to activate an extra Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to deal with it. That's it. The reason was extremely simple." He then chuckled, "But you used them all up at the Second Major Disaster. So, what can you do

now, Brangara?"

"The Mystic Seven has already progressed past the stage where Iron and Silver Grade Natures can kill us. They can threaten us, wound us, but never kill us."

He extended his hand and knocked on Brangara's forehead, "Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination...things have never changed. They're still the most dangerous combination of Natures you can obtain."

"And honestly, I can't think of any build that can overcome that level of power. After all," He sighed, "If you had fifty of each and activated all hundred of them, I'm afraid even Gold Grade Transcendents won't be your match."

"But the current you don't have them. So," He chuckled, "You're not a threat."

The power that Yahira obtained through Empyrean Thunder was something Resha could now

emulate through Perfect Inertial Gravity, thanks to the power of the Influenced Region of Cure that allowed him to control his Empyrean Tusk form remotely.

But that wasn't all. The reason Brangara could do nothing to him was because of his

complementary Natures.

The Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 allowed Resha to transform into hundred Pranic Beast

forms. But the body of these forms was made using the same material as the tusks of an Empyrean Tusk, which was exactly what his Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone created and controlled like a fluid Spirit Weapon.

It basically meant that Resha could play puzzles with his 100 forms and mix-match them as

he pleases, resulting in the birth of monsters way more terrifying than the original. The Primary Nature of Perfect Inertial Gravity ensured that whatever structural form he assumed could function realistically. And now that he had the Royal Zinger's form, every single transformation he built with it as the base had Mystic Grade destructive capabilities.

Internal Inertial Gravity turned an Empyrean Tusk's brittle bones into the hardest material on

Sumatra. In Resha's case, he could also use External Inertial Gravity to rapidly mould and morph the shapes of the transformed body.

The Empyrean Tusk's battle state allowed it to control its exoskeleton like a fluid Spirit Weapon. However, this control was achieved through psychokinesis alone. Resha could add weight to it using External Inertial Gravity, turning him into an absolute monster.

Basically, Resha was a broken Gold Grade existence who could exhibit power at the Mystic

Grade.

Mystic Bone Art, Perfect Inertial Gravity, Mystic Bone, Empyrean 100, and finally, the Major Treasure of Cure's Influenced Region of Mammoth Clansman; they were one frightening combination, elevating all the characteristics a Mammoth Clansman or Empyrean Tusk could achieve and elevated it to the extreme. And that, resulted in the gradual permeation of a certain being's presence, uninhibited and undiminished, unlike her actual self.

Drip! Drip!

Subconsciously, Brangara began to drool as his Primary Nature went crazy, causing him to

feel an uncontrollable hunger. The reason was the presence emanating from Resha, one he wished from the bottom of his heart to devour. "You...you've become Gannala!"

The Supreme Tusk!

The extremely special existence to have been birthed in the Mammoth Clan, one born with the

potential to enter the Mystic Grade but had destroyed her path due to the situation at play

back then.

In the language of the Empyrean Tusks, the word Gannala implied an existence that had surpassed the peak, the Supreme Tusk. It was the heart of the Supreme Tusk that became the Major Treasure of Cure.

The first biome to be fully transformed into the Influenced Region of Mammoth Clansman was the heart biome. When it happened, Resha's Prana was influenced accordingly, causing his presence to morph and begin to emulate the abilities of what the existence hailed as the

Supreme Tusk would have possessed.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Hahahahaha!" Brangara lost his mind out of hunger, "That's it! That's what I'm talking about! I always regretted the fact that I couldn't kill you."

"But! Thank! You!" Drool flooded his mouth as Brangara glared ravenously at Resha, "You've

given me the opportunity to kill you,"

"Gannala!"



Chapter 770: Resha's Actual Fighting Style

﻿

Casually hovering in the sky while observing the experimental battle was Inala. He seemed to be doing nothing more than behaving like a cheerleader. However, his work was the most important of them all.

Defence against the Bolt of Transcendence!

As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Brangara was capable of summoning Bolts of Transcendence the moment he expressed the desire to transcend. And he had enough experience with the process to angle himself accordingly so that his target was the one struck by the bolt first.

He hadn't used it yet because Brangara was waiting for an opportunity. Even when he was on the losing side, he remained patient, intending to wait until he obtained the perfect opportunity where he could take out at least two Mystic Paths.

That way, he could make a break for it. As long as he manages to throw Yamahara into the Sandy-Grey Void, he wouldn't have any concerns. After all, his son had a large enough storage of the Celestial Boar and Yarsha Zahara's blood, using which he could shield himself from the dangers of the Sandy-Grey Void and flee to safety.

Moreover, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater would protect him. Brangara had yet to determine the exact reason, but one thing was for sure. Yamahara was the reason Sumatra's Transcendent Eater was actively helping him in this fight, assisting to the extent it risked getting blocked out by Sumatra Continent.

Unlike other Transcendents, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater's existence was pivotal to the development of Sumatra Continent. And hence, it received some concessions, which was what it used to assist Brangara.

At a spot on Sumatra somewhat near the Manu Enclave, Brangara noticed a group of Parute Trees sprout on the mountain range he had erected using the combination of Rocky Intimidation and Subtle Terrain Domination.

The Parute Trees grew in such a manner that they formed a sentence, conveying the seriousness of the situation.

[Red, Blue, Indigo, and Violet have kidnapped your son alongside a body of yours!]

Right as the message popped up, the Parute Trees forming it wilted, not because Sumatra's Transcendent Eater retracted them, but because they were blocked by Sumatra Continent.

Immediately in response, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater could no longer see or hear what was happening on the continent through the Parute Trees. Even though the Parute Trees continued to function as usual, the information they related to it was blockaded by Sumatra Continent.

[You're quick in such situations, old friend...fine, I'll stop interfering. I only intend to protect you...not that you're alive, but still...]

The Sumatra's Transcendent Eater flailed its branches in the Sandy-Grey Void, spilling large swathes of grey sand that would have been dangerous for even Transcendents to face. It seemed to be explaining to Sumatra Continent. However, there was no reply to its words.

'What?' Brangara was stunned to see the message, shouting as he stared up, "Where are they?"

'Have they targeted the Varahan Empire?' He frowned in thought, shaking his head shortly after, 'No, there are enough Boar Kings there along with one body of mine. Even the Mystic Paths cannot fight such a force head-on.'

'We have enough Royal Guards to stall for time.' His eyes flashed as he looked around, 'Even if

I start running now, it'll take me years to return. Then, there's only one option.'

Primary Nature-Voracious Cultivator!

He activated his Nature in full swing and began to digest an Empyrean Tusk corpse, rapidly maturing by a quarter in response. He judged his growth rate and digested two more Empyrean Tusk corpses to reach the peak of the 3-Life Stage.

'Now, my other body can condense a second body.' He thought, sighing in response, 'This is the limit of what I could do at present.'

'I hope they haven't run far away with my son.' He thought, sighing in frustration, 'How can then even achieve something like this? With my set of powers, I should easily be able to fight the Mystic Paths, even when ambushed.'

Back in the desert, the flying figure of Inala kept an eye on the sky, ready to block any Bolt of Transcendence that Brangara manages to summon. However, that wasn't the focus of his attention. Instead, he stared at Resha as his expression turned into confusion before emanating happiness.

His gaze turned soft as he eyed Resha, 'So, you live on through him, Gannala.'

The existence that had selflessly assisted in his plans, with its tail slaps being the only source of comfort in his original days, also his spiritual pillar. Even after becoming the Royal Zinger and no longer subject to the influence of the Mammoth Clan, Inala only had affection for this

maternal figure of his.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala!

Inala's daughter, though special, was only thanks to his nurturing. She was born no different from a regular Empyrean Tusk other than a larger capacity to accept the inheritances of other Empyrean Tusks.

But no matter how strong she became, she was merely the Supreme Tusk's successor. However, Resha currently exhibited the presence of the Supreme Tusk, at a level where the Supreme Tusk Gannala would have been had she not sacrificed her potential to the Mystic Grade.

Moreover, it wasn't a similar presence, but an exact copy of the original, which was what sparked an insatiable hunger in Brangara.

"But! Thank! You!" Drool flooded his mouth as Brangara glared ravenously at Resha, "You've given me the opportunity to kill you, Gannala!"

'He currently resembles her.' Virala's gaze became serious as he stared at Resha, 'Does that mean he attained the original's path to the Mystic Grade?'

The seven Mystic Paths were created by unequally breaking the Supreme Tusk's path to the Mystic Grade into seven pieces. Moreover, it was only applicable to the daughters of the Mystic Paths.

However, the original Mystic Path was applied on the Supreme Tusk, which meant that if Resha had inherited it, he would become a Mystic Grade existence.

Currently, Inala was the only one who had genuinely entered the Mystic Grade. And he had to experience hell and plan impeccably to attain it. That was because he intended to achieve it as a Pranic Beast, which was the hardest but also the most rewarding.

Orakha and Yarsha Zahara had also attained the Mystic Grade. However, they did it as Free Humans, which was possible as long as they managed to successfully fuse a piece of Sumatra Gold in their Human Avatar.

Though he was a Mammoth Clansman, Orakha's build completely followed the path of a Free Human. But that was why, even after entering the Mystic Grade, he and Yarsha Zahara weren't a match to Brangara and Inala.

When a Pranic Beast entered the Mystic Grade, it became a pinnacle existence. The sheer size and power possessed by its body unleashed enough destructive capabilities on par with a Mystic Grade Nature. That was what made a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast so terrifying.

A Free Human wasn't as strong as a Pranic Beast at the same stage. However, if Resha obtained the Supreme Tusk's path to the Mystic Grade, he would most definitely enter the Mystic Grade as a Pranic Beast, as the Supreme Tusk in fact.

That would elevate him to the same level of existence as the Empyrean Tentacle, Celestial Boar, and Royal Zinger.

'Even though I have Mystic Grade strength, I'm not a Mystic Grade existence.' Virala thought, feeling a tad inferior already. It was because there was a small difference between him and the Empyrean Boar King he could transform into.

An Iron Grade Pranic Beast could mutate just by consuming the Prana of the Empyrean Boar

King. When Brangara was the Empyrean Boar King, there were many such examples. Even Inala's build was achieved by consuming a large amount of the Empyrean Boar King's Prana.

However, even though Virala could transform into the Empyrean Boar King, his Prana

couldn't result in such an effect. Sighing in response, Virala stared at the sky and observed Inala, confident that the Royal Zinger's Prana could result in an Iron Grade Pranic Beast's

mutation too.

Boom!

There was an outburst of Prana from Brangara as he rushed at Resha, drooling at the mouth, his desire to kill, torture, and consume the hated existence before him surged to its zenith.

But right as he lunged at Resha, he felt a change, gathering Prana into his Spirit Container to

realise that he could condense a new body when necessary. Immediately in response, a tinge of clarity returned to his being.

'Shit! I was careless!' He reacted promptly, watching a fist of bone rushing at him, containing tremendous might. There was a flash of blood from Yamahara, following which Yarsha Zahara's power covered him.

Resha's fist struck Brangara's face as he immediately severed himself at the wrist, watching

the severed portion fall under Brangara's control.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Your attacks are useless, Gannala!" Brangara roared and rushed at Resha, only to be

bombarded with a series of punches. Every time a punch came his way, despite his best attempts to dodge them, Brangara ended up getting hit across the body.

He did absorb the power of Mystic Bone forming the fists, which he readily used against

Resha. However, they did nothing against him. At the moment of contact, the fist of bone melted into his body as immediately, Resha retaliated with a punch, reverting all the momentum behind Brangara's attack back at him.

[It's like attacking water with water, Father. We're wasting Mother's power needlessly.]

"Huff..." Brangara breathed in deeply and stared at the bone fists hovering around him, eyes widening in realisation as he stared at Resha, 'This bastard purposefully attacked me.'

When Yarsha Zahara stole a power, she immediately stored it in her Minor Treasure of

Lunchbox. This way, she didn't have to carry it around her being and constantly treat it as her Spirit Weapon.

In Brangara's case, he didn't have the Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, which meant he had to

carry the absorbed bone fists like Spirit Weapons. But, each bone fist was condensed with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, making them extremely dense.

If Prana wasn't supplied into them to turn them light, they'll weigh him down. But the

moment he supplies Prana to them, it meant he was maintaining them as Spirit Weapons, which split his concentration, focus, and Prana. After all, the greater the number of Spirit Weapons he controlled, the exponentially lower the efficiency of psychokinesis got.

His Prana reserves were dropping rapidly. And by the time he realised what was happening, he

had wasted a good chunk needlessly. But even though he could analyse his condition, it was taking a good portion of his concentration just to suppress his hunger.

But if more Spirit Weapons were getting added to his control, it would disperse his concentration further, making him more susceptible to hunger. And of course, he couldn't do anything else as Resha constantly rained down punches on him.

'This guy planned everything!' Brangara raised his arms up in guard, grunting every time

Resha broke past his guard and repeatedly targeted his face, 'He accurately grasped my weakness and has been ruthlessly hacking away at my accumulations!'

'Dammit! I don't even have enough time or resources to condense another body.' Brangara thought as he was pushed to his last leg, cursing mentally, 'Is this how Resha actually fights?'

'I have only one choice left. I'll bombard this place!' Brangara prepared himself, emanating a subtle presence, intending to summon Bolts of Transcendence at him. He had already concentrated Yamahara towards his feet, ready to kick the latter into the Sandy-Grey Void the moment he got the chance.

But as if prepared for it, there was a flicker of lightning, following which the Royal Zinger

appeared in its full glory, with dozens of orbs glinting around its body. Four of them flashed away and bombarded the summoned Bolts of Transcendence, neutralising each other.

With a slam, he swatted Brangara, activating his powers in full swing.

Tertiary Nature-Prana Stitch!

"Attributed Region?" Brangara was stunned to see that he was imprisoned in a sphere made

using Attributed Region water, with hundreds of strings of Prana jutting to and fro between his body and the sphere walls.

He was restricted, unable to move. But before he could assume Celestial Boar form and use its

expansion to break free, a large volume of Prana and Lifespan began to flow out of his being.

He raised his head and stared at two Royal Zingers glaring down at him when suddenly, a third, body Royal Zinger appeared, and immediately in response, a powerful gravitational field surrounded him. Followed by a reddish radiance, another force field swarmed him. And then, jumping out from one of Inala's Biome Bombs was Boul Brimgan, unleashing his

prepared ability promptly.

Spirit Container Seal!



