Chapter 441 Inala Targets Virala

?441 Inala Targets Virala

The team of Empyrean Zingers had been at it for more than a day already. But it wasn't easy to inherit the Dance of Annihilation, even with the Mind Slip Prime Skill. They had to take it in small batches, consuming a lot of time per each.

By now, two more Dance of Annihilation had been obtained. The third was being absorbed while it seemed there was one more left. Though, the moment the severed tusk begins to generate the fourth Dance of Annihilation, its structural integrity will collapse.

"Fuckers! Don't screw with me! That's MINE!" Upon seeing their actions, Virala no longer intended to hide himself. He could feel a presence within the severed tusk calling for him, influencing him to reach it at an extent stronger than the influence that Gannala could exert upon him.

That was an instant representation of the extent of power contained in it and the level of development it would generate in him.

Stage 4—Empyrean!

Kaboom!

Virala assumed his Empyrean Tusk form and landed with a roar, unleashing an earthquake that rattled Karuta Hill. He inhaled with force and pulled the Empyrean Zingers towards him, taking action with such speed that the Empyrean Zingers were unable to react.

They committed suicide promptly, unwilling to be interrogated by Virala, for now they were aware of his abilities. Instantly, they shrunk to the size of grains, but strangely, streams of information flowed out of them.

Condensing in the air were four streams of Prana—each containing the essence of a Dance of Annihilation—that took on an Empyrean Tusk's shape. An instant later, they flooded Virala's being. But unlike in the case of the others where they entered the mind, the four streams of Empyrean Tusk-shaped Prana entered his Spirit Container and took root there, not in the slightest giving him any pain.

The creator of the Dance of Annihilation was the Mammoth Ancestor. And Virala not just inherited her power, but also elevated it to the Mystic Grade. Hence, they were naturally drawn towards him.

This was why, even when the Empyrean Zingers that had gained them committed suicide, the essence of the Dance of Annihilation left their bodies, acting with a will of their own to enter Virala.

With the last of the Dance of Annihilation in it leaving, the severed tusk crumbled into powder, becoming a material with no use, for everything of worth in it had been extracted. It couldn't even be used by a Mammoth Clansman to build a body.

But with his hoarding mentality, Virala didn't leave even it behind. With a suction of his trunk, he condensed it midway in his trunk and poured it into his mouth, swallowing it to be stored in his stomach biome.

"Ha…hahaha! I'm the Main Character!" Virala laughed raucously as his Empyrean Tusk form raised its legs and slammed into the ground with force. But suddenly, he was stunned to see that standing along the edge of the balcony in a restaurant at the top of Karuta Hill, one peering into the valley was a man, the sole individual who didn't react to the devastation subjected to Karuta Hill.

Everyone on the hill fled for their lives, with many losing their lives in the process from the sheer impact as the quakes rattled everything, causing massive craters to form as the large pieces of earth moved closer and farther to each other in waves.

Every further movement caused many people to fall into the crack, and when the earths moved close, they were crushed. Geysers of blood splashed out of the cracks and dyed the hill red.

But despite the chaos happening around him, with the ground under him rumbling with enough force that not a single human was able to stand, this man was the sole exception, maintaining perfect balance.

He calmly raised a cup of tea and sipped it, staring into the face of the massive Empyrean Tusk eye that had leaned forward to glare at him.

'Who the fuck is this guy?' Virala felt perplexed for some reason. Honestly, in his Empyrean Tusk form, he felt invincible. His current body was that of a matured Empyrean Tusk. He had as much strength as an Empyrean Tusk and beyond, once he was to equip his Nature Weapons.

And merely assuming his Empyrean Tusk form caused such devastation. So, in the presence of a pinnacle existence such as him, how did this average joe remain unfazed?

The man calmly stared at the Empyrean Tusk while Virala glared at the latter. Both remained unmoving. Virala observed the latter as he felt irritated that such an individual dared to behave as such before him.

He huffed once, unleashing a gale that uprooted all the buildings on the peak of Karuta Hill and sent large pieces of earth flying into the regions beyond.

But as the pieces fell towards Fentan City which was close by, multiple golden flashes flickered in the sky, following which, the large pieces of earth were shredded into dust. The dust formed into a cloud as two chakrams appeared behind them, spinning rapidly to generate a gust of wind that sent the dust cloud into the Northern Lakes.

While this was happening, the other golden flashes approached Virala and struck him, breaking him out of the staring contest, 'What the…? What hit me?'

His body tilted from the impact as Virala observed two chakrams had lodged into the side of his head. They had buried themselves halfway into his exoskeleton. As he observed them, they whirred into motion and drilled into his body, steadily inching deeper, causing unbelievable pain to him, "Argh!"

While that happened, his eyes shot to the peak of Karuta Hill, stunned upon failing to see the man anymore, "Where is he?"

An Empyrean Tusk appeared in their Empire and destroyed Karuta Hill. Its appearance alone caused a thunderclap that everyone in the nearby cities heard clearly. And obviously, the Brimgan Royals there took action promptly.

One royal remained behind and used his Spirit Weapon as a transport to launch the rest of the Royals into the air. Quickly accelerating towards Karuta Hill on the Spirit Weapon, the Royals unleashed their respective Spirit Weapons, taking advantage of their extensive range to target Virala.

Before they could even appear anywhere close to Karuta Hill, their attacks struck Virala. As an Empyrean Tusk reaching a height of 1.6 kilometres, Virala was a massive target that was impossible to be glossed over.

He was a moving hill that could be targeted from afar without missing aim. After all, even if their aim was way off, it would still strike somewhere on his body.

Taking the lead among the attackers was the Fentan City Lord, possessing cultivation at the 8-Life Stage and boasting an insane Spirit Weapon range of 9.6 kilometres. His Spirit Weapon resembled a triangle that stabbed into Virala and gouged out his eye, acting as a shovel to scoop out body parts from his body.

Minor Treasure—Tangible Psychokinesis!

Swinging across the cliff while treating a string of Prana as his leg, the man from before circled towards Virala's back, following which he condensed four Prana Bombs and moulded them into Prana Hands. With a smirk, he slapped them on Virala's Empyrean Tusk legs.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

'Good! I'll cripple your foundation using this chance.' Inala smirked as he absorbed 60 Prana every second from Virala, rapidly causing a strain in his Prana replenishment. His string of Prana caused him to hop like a leech over the place and ensured he always remained out of Virala's line of sight and continued to steal the latter's Prana. 'Since you dared reveal yourself out in the open like this, forget making it out alive in one piece.'

"At a bare minimum, you'll suffer a breathtaking loss."



Chapter 442 How Long Can You Endure?

?442 How Long Can You Endure?

Originally, Inala had no idea about the Dance of Annihilation's function. Hence, he didn't intend to steal all the Dance of Annihilations from the Mammoth Ancestor's severed tusk. It was a valuable relic from the past, the only one of its kind.

If it has any significant uses, destroying it by stealing all the Dance of Annihilations from it would be the epitome of foolishness. Besides, it seemed like the severed tusk would replenish the number of Dance of Annihilations in it over time, even if probably required a millennium to generate a new Dance of Annihilation.

Hence, Inala stopped upon gaining three Dance of Annihilations, content since he, Asaeya, and Gannala had one each. That was enough for their needs. And in the future, he planned to understand it better and use it for their benefit.

But once Gannala obtained Virala's memories, they realised that the Dance of Annihilation was an ability that was unleashed through the Nature of Weaponisation. If Virala were to obtain it, the Mammoth Clan would face a risk of annihilation.

As a result, Inala decided to gather the rest of the Dance of Annihilations. Once he recovered from the side effects of using his stomach biome and managed to suppress his male side's influence through Gannala, Inala hurried towards Karuta Hill.

It would be risky to create a biome in his stomach once again, as he had just managed to suppress its influence. Hence, he simply carried six Empyrean Zingers in their miniature forms. They were placed in a Prana Bomb that he carried in a bag.

Without direct physical contact, and as he didn't unleash any Prana into it, his Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System wasn't activated. Hence, Inala didn't have to worry about his influence growing once again.

Upon arriving at the scenic restaurant that showcased a breathtaking view into the valley with the Mammoth Ancestor's severed tusk, Inala casually sipped tea while he sent the six Empyrean Zingers down the cliff.

Through their shrieks at a frequency inaudible to others, the Empyrean Zingers communicated with Inala, informing him every time they gained a Dance of Annihilation. There were four left in the severed tusk. They had already gained two.

But while in the process of getting a third Dance of Annihilation, Virala targeted them. And shockingly, his Nature of Weaponisation caused the Dance of Annihilations to react and synchronise, following which they flowed out of the Empyrean Zingers and entered his body.

Before they committed suicide, the Empyrean Zingers transmitted all the relevant information to Inala through their shrieks. Immediately, he became aware that not only did Virala gain the third and fourth Dance of Annihilation from the severed tusk, but he also managed to instantly extract it from the bodies of the two Empyrean Zingers that had become grains.

'Should I run? Or should I strike?' He had the thought. But upon seeing that Virala had revealed his Empyrean Tusk form in a rush, Inala instantly thought up a scheme to make Virala suffer some losses. Otherwise, as someone who gained four Dance of Annihilations to do who knows what, his growth was bound to accelerate further.

'The Brimgan Royals would be arriving soon to target him. As long as I keep his mind occupied until then, my task will become easy.' Upon arriving at this thought, Inala put on a show where he remained unaffected by Virala's actions and calmly gazed at the latter.

In his high of superiority, Virala felt triggered by Inala's actions and glared at the latter. Since Inala's appearance and presence were different from his original self, Virala was unable to recognise him. Hence, while he glared at Inala, he didn't keep track of the ticking time, giving more than enough time for the attacks from the Brimgan Royals to reach him.

Once their attacks struck him, Inala took the chance to slip away from Virala's line of sight and appeared at his back, launching his attacks.

His Prana Bomb could absorb ten units of Prana every second. When turned into a Prana Hand, its efficiency dropped further. But that was in the past.

During his time at the Dralh Sea, his Prana Blood Skill had been improved drastically by the Empyrean Zingers, improving the rate at which he could absorb Prana through his Prana Hands.

Moreover, once the stream of Prana trailing between him and the Prana Hands was replaced by the Prana string created using the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis, Inala became able to absorb a whopping 15 units of Prana through a single Prana Hand.

This was an exorbitant increase in strength, something only he could unleash thanks to the aid of his Minor Treasure. With four Prana Hands in action, he managed to steal 60 units of Prana every second from Virala.

As he didn't have any Empyrean Zingers to assist him, Inala had to fight on his own. But that wasn't a worry, as the Brimgan Royalty were on their way to the place. Once they were within visible range, Inala would have to retract his Prana Hands to avoid revealing his power.

He will be behaving as if the power of his Human Avatar was Tangible Psychokinesis. And using this opportunity by bravely facing an Empyrean Tusk, Inala would get closer to the Brimgan Royals. That wasn't originally in his plans, but since a chance presented itself, he hurriedly came up with a plan of action to benefit from it.

The Skill of Puppetry only allowed him to control four Spirit Weapons without a loss in efficiency. But that didn't mean he couldn't control more. Every cultivator could control more than one Spirit Weapon, but the exponential drop in efficiency was the reason they refrained from using multiple Spirit Weapons.

In Inala's case, the drop in efficiency started from a fifth Spirit Weapon. Usually, he refrained from using it as it wasn't worth it. But in the current situation where he was getting 60 Prana every second, he had a surplus to use a fifth Spirit Weapon, despite the loss in efficiency.

He was currently using this fifth as a string of Prana to hop around like a grasshopper to scuttle around and evade Virala's Empyrean Tusk attacks.

In the current situation, reverting to a human form was risky for Virala, for the Spirit Weapons of the Brimgan Royals would be able to sever his body easily. Only in his Empyrean Tusk form could he tank them without much issues.

Even when his eyes were gouged out by the Fentan City Lord, he only spent a few seconds to regenerate the organ. Moreover, his exoskeleton was robust enough to tank the strongest of their attacks, preventing them from actually reaching the muscles inside.

Kurr-alalala!

Unleashing a trumpet, Virala inhaled copious amounts of air, compressed them in his trunk, and blasted forth an explosive gust towards the ground, intending to use the shockwave to send the bug stealing his Prana flying away.

But as the gust of wind slammed into Inala, he protected himself with a Prana Bomb armour and raised his density to the limit. Moreover, using the five strings of Tangible Psychokinesis, he tethered himself to Virala's proximity.

Suddenly, his blood broiled and intended to escape his body. Inala realised that Virala had used the Nature Weapon of Leech. Since he knew the ability's effect, he had a counter prepared in advance.

The Prana Bomb layer on his body covered him fully, preventing any gaps. Hence, the effect of the Nature Weapon of Leech failed to penetrate him, for the Prana in it was absorbed by the Prana Bomb armour when it slammed into Inala.

As a result, blood resumed its flow in his body, unaffected by Virala's Nature Weapon of Leech. He then tugged a string of Prana, cranked himself closer to the latter, and activated his Skill of Prana Claw to form a gash.

"Hmph!" He activated Internal Inertial Gravity in his claws to strengthen them, following which he swiped once again and carved out a large piece of exoskeleton from Virala's Empyrean Tusk form, 'Let's see how long you can endure this.'

'The moment you assume human form to make an escape is when I'll capture you.' He thought and intensified his attacks, watching a group of Brimgan Royals in the sky brought over by a Spirit Weapon, rapidly approaching the location. 'They're almost here!'



Chapter 443 Keep Him Occupied

?443 Keep Him Occupied

'Who the heck is this fucker? And how is he able to steal my Prana? Is he Inala?' Virala frowned as he thrashed about, being attacked by dozens of Spirit Weapons, feeling piercing pain in his legs from where he was rapidly losing Prana.

Virala expanded his Prana senses, but all he sensed was a void in the latter's location, 'No, I'm unable to feel anything regarding him.'

When the wave of Prana approached Inala, the latter absorbed it. As a result, nothing was registered on Virala's Prana senses. The spot on his skin related to Inala's location didn't prick. It remained unresponsive, preventing him from getting a feel for the latter's identity.

'I can't go on like this!' Virala thought, intending to morph his Nature Weapon of Leech to Tunnel and flee the place. But a moment later, he felt triggered by the thought, 'Even though these attacks are annoying, none are threatening enough to harm me. Then, I should just do as I please.'

Suddenly, a moustache formed above the Empyrean Tusk's mouth and crawled into his mouth. The two strings of hair slithered down his throat and entered his stomach biome, grabbing the Nature Weapons of Artillery and Leech.

Artillery had the Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery at the Gold Grade while Tunnel had the Nature of Drifting Tunnel at the Mystic Grade. For a moment, Virala thought of using the Mystic Grade Nature Weapon of Eddy, which had the Bludder's Nature of Eddy Blade. But he refrained from using it for the time being.

It was a close combat ability that was Prana intensive. With it, he would be able to easily cut the Spirit Weapons of the Brimgan Royals, but the problem was that even when severed, the pieces would still be able to harm him.

Therefore, it was more suitable to use the Nature Weapon of Artillery that would melt the Spirit Weapons and make them unusable.

Stage 2—Exoskeleton!

Suddenly, the gigantic Empyrean Tusk figure vanished, causing a vacuum as the air from the surroundings rushed in to fill the gap, resulting in the formation of a tornado. Standing in the eye of the tornado, using it to protect himself for the time being, Virala glared at the individual who had been attacking him all along. "You've damaged me plenty, bastard!"

"You shouldn't have targeted Karuta Hill then," Inala muttered coldly. The moment Virala took on his Stage 2—Exoskeleton—

form, Inala instantly collapsed the field of gravity in his Prana Hands and shrunk them to the size of grains. He held them in his hand, intending to use their weights to strengthen his punches.

He did the same to his Prana Bomb armour and shrunk it into a grain. Hence, when Virala was able to observe him, all he saw was the same individual from before—in the restaurant atop Karuta Hill—who was controlling a string of Prana to hover a few metres above the ground.

"Karuta Hill?" Virala mocked in disdain, "Am I supposed to care about such a place?"

"You'll regret mocking my Brimgan Empire!" Inala expressed anger as a string of Prana coiled around a nearby rock and hurled it at Virala.

"Your Brimgan Empire?" Virala casually swatted the rock to the side and thought, 'Judging by his actions, he's just a Free Human from the Brimgan Empire. He has decent strength, but nothing surprising.'

"You have an interesting Human Avatar." Virala grinned, "To think there's a Free Human capable of absorbing my Prana."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Inala frowned.

'That wasn't him?' Virala was momentarily surprised at the reaction before he felt a chill, thinking of the Zingers he spotted before, 'I see, so that's your plan. You sneaky bitch, Inala! You sneaked your attacks in while using this poor bloke as a cover to steal my Prana. Excellent! As expected of a crafty bastard!'

"Aha, so you're the one that had been scratching me all along." Virala mocked with laughter, "No wonder I felt an itch on my legs. So, that was you."

"You'll regret it," Inala roared as his string of Prana lashed onto Virala like a whip and shaved off a piece of exoskeleton covering him.

"Heh, will I?" Virala snorted as the damage healed in an instant. He casually flexed his muscles and approached Inala, his footsteps slow, "Come on, I'm dying of boredom here. I'll give you a present if you manage to scar my skin."

"Tranny fuck, I'll kill you!" Inala growled as two strings of Prana shot out from him and blasted Virala with an array of attacks.

"Tranny fuck?" Virala frowned at the insult in confusion before realising the cause as he stared at his appearance, "Shit! Wrong location!"

Using his moustache, he grabbed his Nature Weapons of Artillery and Tunnel. Once he brought them out, he replaced Leech with Artillery. Now, his moustache carried Leech and Tunnel, ready to equip when necessary.

But carrying them out was dangerous, especially since his moustache had no defensive properties apart from being hair. Even if he were to reinforce them through Internal Inertial Gravity, the chakrams of the Brimgan Royalty could still sever them in an instant.

To avoid losing these valuable Nature Weapons, he protected them underneath his exoskeleton armour. To avoid placing them anywhere that would hinder his movements, and intending to keep them as close to his mouth as possible to avoid lengthening his moustache too much, he instinctively settled on his chest.

Unfortunately, he didn't think about how that would look in the eyes of others.

Currently, in Inala's eyes, he appeared as a masculine, armoured figure with a pair of breasts, one with a male's voice. No wonder he was cursed as a tranny by the latter.

"No, my image!" Virala felt a headache while the string of Prana continued to lash at him but wasn't threatening enough for him to care about. Instead, all his worries were directed towards where he could efficiently place the two Nature Weapons, 'On my back? That would look ugly. On my ass? That's even worse! Under my chin? Ugh, I'll vomit!'

'Fuck, where do I place them without being embarrassed?' Virala faced his back towards Inala and used the opportunity to shift the two Nature Weapons towards his groin, 'Fuck! It looks like I have two massive balls dangling there!'

In the end, he brought them back to his chest, coughed awkwardly and faced Inala, explaining his situation, "They're not breasts. They are a pair of interdimensional spatial containers to store my mighty weapons. Yup, they're my arsenal."

"To think the Brimgan Empire's most wanted terrorist would be a tranny." The Fentan City Lord cut through the tornado and arrived at the scene, staring at Virala to say, "Your head is mine, Loot!"

"Fuck! You're the tranny…" Virala intended to retort when his voice was drowned out by bellows from the Royals that accompanied the Fentan City Lord.

"I thought Loot was a man. Guess the Brimgan Empire's intelligence division is lacking. I'll slash the funds of those slackers after this!"

"This ugly creature that's both a bastard and a bitch damaged Fentan City a lot a few days ago. This is revenge!"

"Kill it!"

"Kill Loot!"

"His head is mine!"

"Her head is mine!"

"Whatever it is, I'll be cutting off its head!"

Hearing their discussions enraged Virala. But right as he intended to target them, his vision was blinded by countless golden flashes as the Spirit Weapons of every single Royal at the scene approached him.

'To think he'll get distracted so much by a mere statement of mine. It seems Virala's life had been smooth sailing for too long.' Inala thought as he began to think of subsequent plans, 'Anyway, I managed to buy enough time for them to arrive. Now, I'll let them fight him for as long as they want.'

"In the meantime, I'll ensure he doesn't escape." Muttering as such, Inala stealthily coiled his strings of Prana around Virala's legs to stealthily begin influencing his exoskeleton using psychokinesis.



Chapter 444 Evasive Flash

?444 Evasive Flash

"Man, the lot of you are annoying," Virala said as he observed the golden flashes. Suddenly, his body became heavy in certain spots in order, raising density at the spot by hundreds of times. The increase was so quick that his body tiled in the respective direction.

Virala stood in the same spot as before, but the Spirit Weapons uniformly missed him. Or rather, when the golden flashes approached him, shadows squirmed on his body. As a result, the Spirit Weapons phased through it.

Mystic Bone Art—Evasive Flash!

The centre of gravity of his body was at the hip. By raising the density at his right shoulder, he'd generate a torque with respect to his centre of gravity, as a result causing the respective point of the shoulder to tilt towards the ground.

From an external perspective, when facing him from the front, it might seem like his shoulder was pivoting around the point of centre of gravity, bending counter-clockwise. Now, when the density of the shoulder is increased sharply in an instant, the speed at which the body bends will also spike.

Now, after the shoulder, there's a point at the front of the chest that experiences the same increase in density. Once the body bends counter-clockwise, it tilts to the front. Following that, if the chin experiences the same, it will move towards the ground rapidly.

If suddenly, the upper body becomes weightless while the density of the ass increase, it will rush towards the ground. When this happens in order, Virala would be seen tilting to the side, following which he bends forward and somersaults.

By deciding on the course of his movement, Virala would crank up the density of spots on his body that aligned in the direction of his intended motion. As a result, the movement that would take him a second or two to perform would be performed in an instant. As long as he lightens his body at the moment of landing and absorbs the resultant shock, his movements will be perfect.

The Skill of Evasive Flash performed exactly that by ingeniously employing Internal Inertial Gravity. As a result, when the Spirit Weapons of the Brimgan Royals approached him, Virala observed the gaps between the Spirit Weapons and calculated their respective impact time on him.

Thereby, he made an instantaneous evasive manoeuvre where he swerved through the array of Spirit Weapons. To the eyes of anyone other than the Brimgan Royals who weren't trained to capture high-speed movements, it would seem like Virala's body flickered faintly once and the golden flashes simply phased through him.

"What?" The Fentan City Lord shouted in shock upon seeing what Virala had done, "How is that possible?"

"Impossible!"

"Are those movements something possible for a living being?"

'This guy…' Inala stared at Virala with a solemn gaze, 'He has been preparing a lot. Creating such a Skill isn't possible without the knowledge of an Empyrean Tusk.'

The movements done by Virala were something done all the time by Empyrean Tusks, but never at the speed displayed by him. Inala had observed the knowledge necessary to perform it in Gannala's mind space, but that was an Empyrean Tusk's inheritance, not something that Virala ought to know normally.

'He's making use of everything that he stole from the Empyrean Tusks.' By using the Nature Weapon of Leech, Virala absorbed the blood of all Empyrean Tusks. Alongside the blood, he also absorbed fragments of information contained in the Empyrean Tusks.

By taking advantage of it, Virala had created the Skill of Evasive Flash. The surprising thing was that this wasn't in Gannala's memories of him. Meaning, he managed to create it in the past couple of days.

'Something has happened in this short time that managed to inspire him enough.' Inala thought as he activated Mystic Skill Creator and harnessed all the data available in him, 'I'll make up a counter on the spot. You can't win against me in a battle of Skill!'

Five seconds passed in such a fashion as Virala continued to dodge the Spirit Weapons of the Brimgan Royals while preparing for his subsequent retaliation. He was charging up enough Prana to unleash an artillery strike.

"But first…" He said suddenly and kicked forth with his leg to tug on the string of Prana coiled around them, "You're an annoyance!"

"Keuk!" Inala grunted as he was pulled towards Virala when the latter tugged the two strings of Prana hard.

"Die!" Virala shouted as he clenched his hand into a fist, increased its density and hurled it straight into his face, intending to splatter it.

Minor Treasure—Tangible Psychokinesis!

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Inala deactivated the two strings of Prana coiled around Virala's legs. He sent two flying out from his back that seeped into the ground and latched deep inside while spreading out, grabbing as much soil as possible.

The Prana strings pulled him as he applied psychokinesis to pull out the entire piece of earth. The intense tug negated his momentum as he used Internal Inertial Gravity to absorb the inertial shocks resultant from his actions.

Boom!

Air gushed out from Virala's fist and stopped a couple centimetres before him. Had that come into contact, Inala's head would have been splattered. Well, since he was protecting himself with Internal Inertial Gravity, he would only feel as if he had been punched normally. But that would reveal the fact that he was Inala.

To avoid doing so, he spat out some blood to make it seem as if his internal organs were in a state of shock from the extreme action he did to protect himself.

"You're quick to react," Virala said upon seeing Inala stop right before his fist. He then punched forth with his other fist, surprised to see a string of Prana coil in the path of his fist to resemble a spring. As his fist met it, the spring compressed and sent Inala flying away, allowing him to evade his blow.

Once Inala was farther away, he sent four strings of Prana into the ground and used psychokinesis to stop slowly. He landed on the ground and wiped the blood off his mouth, chuckling as he began to walk towards Virala, "I now have a good grasp of your abilities."

"You won't be able to attack me anymore." As he spoke, one of his strings of Prana slapped a rock and sent it flying towards Fentan City Lord.

His four strings of Prana extended towards his back like wings to reach a length of 180 metres each. Following that, they took shape like a curved blade and began to coil around him. Like a spring, the coil tightened as Inala ran towards Virala.

"Quite the arrogant chap, aren't we?" Virala snorted as he felt like teasing the overconfident weakling that dared fight him despite the steep contrast in power between the two.

"Arrogant? On the contrary, it's confidence." Inala said and closed in on Virala when the coil came undone; the four strings of Prana spun like a rotor as their radius increased rapidly, lashing onto him with enough force that his exoskeleton armour came off.

After all, when the string of Prana slammed into the armour, psychokinesis was applied to pull it off. And as it was done after repeated impacts, pieces broke off and were carried by the strings of Prana.

Once the four strings of Prana uncoiled themselves and spread around to a length of 180 metres each, held in pieces throughout the length of each string were pieces of the exoskeleton armour.

"Is this still not confidence?" Inala smirked as he stared at the figure of Virala whose front half was stripped bare of the exoskeleton armour.

"You…" Virala intended to retort when he noticed that his chest felt lightless for some reason. His face paled as he observed that held at the end of two strings of Prana were his Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel.

Only then did he realise something odd, 'I might be arrogant, but why did I feel the need to entertain him all along? It's as if he knew how to feed my ego and reeled me in perfectly!'

Virala unleashed a stream of Prana and sensed through Inala's presence that he only had one Nature, 'He's definitely not Inala, since he only has one Nature. Then, who the fuck is he?'

"Who are you? Stop! You fucker! STOP!" Virala roared in a fluster upon seeing Inala flee after pocketing the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel.



Chapter 445 Fooling Everyone

?445 Fooling Everyone

"STOP!" Virala roared in rage as he pointed his hand towards Inala and was about to unleash an artillery strike, one that was strong enough to shred apart Inala.

But knowing his intentions, Inala's two strings of Prana—that were holding a Nature Weapon each—coiled before him to form a protective shield. Upon seeing his actions, Virala could only grit his teeth and avoid unleashing an artillery strike.

After all, if it were to hit the Nature Weapons, they would be destroyed. The Nature Weapons were a product of Weaponisation, a Nature of Mammoth Clansmen. Therefore, even though all Nature Weapons had different colours and patterns, they were, at the end of the day, a condensed form of the source body—flesh, blood, and bones.

Due to the effects of Weaponisation, they had a bony exterior, which only made them more vulnerable to a Centinger's power. As a result, there was a good chance the Nature Weapons would become unusable if even a single spike from the artillery strike touched it.

Had it been any other Nature Weapon, Virala wouldn't have minded it and simply attacked Inala. But the two in his possession were valuable Nature Weapons. He wouldn't have cared much about the Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel. Its source was Shifting Ants, weaklings present in large numbers at the Guna Caves.

By equipping the Nature Weapon of Tusk, Virala could employ Internal Inertial Gravity to freely hunt in the Guna Caves. Therefore, creating another Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel wasn't impossible. It would take some time, yes, but that's it.

However, the case was different for the Gold Nature Weapon of Leech. This was sourced from the Decaleeches present in the Sticky-Slip Plateau. Normally, Decaleeches remained in hiding and were difficult, if not impossible to detect.

Only thanks to the Mammoth Clan's rampage were they lured out, drawn by the ocean of blood present in the bodies of every single Empyrean Tusk. And as the Mammoth Clan retaliated, many Decaleeches were critically injured.

Only by taking advantage of that situation was Virala able to hunt enough Decaleeches to upgrade his Nature Weapon of Leech to Gold Grade. Even that was very hard and he barely managed to succeed.

Getting another Gold Nature Weapon of Leech was impossible if he were to try to hunt on his own. Forget creating one quickly, even if he were to camp at the Sticky-Slip Plateau, it would take him decades to make another one like it.

Virala didn't have the freedom of time on his hands to focus on obtaining a single Gold Grade Nature Weapon. What was even more frustrating was the fact that the Nature Weapon of Leech was the core of his skillset. It was what he relied upon to remain undetectable while he hid in the bodies of others.

Without it, the moment he enters the Nature Slot of someone, they'll sense his presence and actions. It meant that they could actively guard against his influence. Iron Grade Pranic Beasts or their human equivalent wouldn't be capable of resisting his influence, but the same cannot be said about Advance or Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and their mutant variety, not to mention Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

His range of actions would be severely limited. As a result, no matter what happened, Virala couldn't afford to lose the Nature Weapon of Leech.

Of course, Inala knew his thoughts, thanks to the memories about Virala that were fed to him by Gannala. By referencing them, he recognised the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel by their appearance.

The Nature Weapon of Tunnel was reddish-black in colour, with a crimson pattern resembling a Shifting Ant's mandibles. The Nature Weapon of Leech was a semi-transparent shade of blue with ten, partially-transparent tentacle patterns covering it.

He paid extra attention to the Nature Weapon of Leech, knowing that just by possessing it, he would be able to seriously mess up Virala's plans. Virala had three Nature Weapons of Leech in total. Among them, two were Silver Grade while the last was Gold Grade.

The two Silver Nature Weapons of Leech were in the possession of the Virala at the Mammoth Clan. Therefore, the Virala at the Brimgan Empire no longer had a Nature Weapon of Leech to rely upon. Inala knew this fact based on Virala's memories that Gannala had accessed.

While two of his strings of Prana used the two Nature Weapons as a shield to prevent Virala from unleashing an artillery strike, the other two strings of Prana acted like elastic legs that carried him and covered large distances at a rapid pace.

"Dammit, stop!" Virala chased after him and leapt from one spot to another, covering tens of metres with every jump. But Inala evaded three-dimensionally, taking advantage of the length—

180 metres—of his strings of Prana to wobble all over the place.

Moreover, whenever Virala used a Spirit Weapon to sneak attack Inala, one of the strings of Prana thwarted it. His control in this regard was vastly superior to Virala and was easily able to stop his Spirit Weapon.

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

While Virala chased after him while evading the Spirit Weapons of the Brimgan Royals, two strings of Prana protruded out of Inala's back and gathered a clump of pieces of Virala's exoskeleton. He was still running around while carrying them all.

The appearance of the fifth and sixth string of Prana rapidly increased his Prana consumption while reducing the efficiency. But he had stolen enough Prana from Virala before. And currently, the excess was circulating in his body thanks to the Prana Blood Skill.

The side effects would be tremendous once he deactivates the Skill, but it was currently necessary to handle and process the amount of Prana he had stolen. It was why he was able to fight without trouble.

Unlike the body of Amita Brimgan that was at the peak of the Body Stage, Inala's body had just begun to develop. His reserve of Prana was very limited. It was why he had to take such a risk.

Thankfully, he only needed eight seconds to turn a clump of Virala's exoskeleton fragments into an orb that was an exact replica of the Nature Weapon of Leech. The surface finish was done using pressure and friction.

By adjusting the molecular structure, Inala was able to bring out the colours. This was derived from his experience in using Subtle Terrain Domination. Besides, as the exoskeleton pieces resembled an Empyrean Tusk's, they were the easiest to remodel using Mystic Bone Art.

It was the material he knew best to modify. Hence, the produced replica was perfect. Only Virala would be able to tell that it was a counterfeit, and only when he touches it with his Prana. Otherwise, it could very well be taken to be real.

Ten seconds later, he made a counterfeit for the Nature Weapon of Tunnel and whistled, signalling that he was ready. Immediately in response, there was a golden flash between Inala and Virala as a chakram appeared between the two.

As if performing a magic trick, Inala instantly switched the real with their counterfeits and attached them to the chakram whose surface had been coated with an adhesive.

When he sent a rock flying at the Fentan City Lord, he had carved a message on it.

[Catch the Orb!]

It only consisted of three words. But someone that climbed to the position of a City Lord would be spart. Moreover, with his Gold Grade strength, his mind would be on the level of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, able to process a large volume of information.

When Inala stripped the front half of Virala's exoskeleton and revealed the two orbs, the Fentan City Lord understood the assignment and was ready to act. Inala's whistle was the signal as he sent his chakram between the two and retracted it in a flash, noticing the two orbs stuck to it.

"You destroyed my Karuta Hill. So, I've taken my revenge." Inala revealed a smile suddenly and began to escape faster, "It's impossible for you to face the Brimgan Royalty on your own. Surrender, Loot."

"This is the end of your path." He grinned and revealed his empty strings of Prana, "I don't know what they are, but they seemed to be of absolute importance to you. So, have fun!"

"Where did you…" Virala stopped upon seeing that Inala was fleeing farther from the Brimgan Royals. He then turned around to notice the Fentan City Lord giving the two Nature Weapons to one of his comrades and sending him far away. Based on the direction, it seemed the Royal was taking the two Nature Weapons towards the capital, intending to present them to the Brimgan Emperor.

If that happens, Virala could forget recovering them ever. It would be forever before he could become strong enough to face the Brimgan Emperor. And until then, he could bode farewell to his two greatest treasures.

"You…Bastard!" Blood dripped out of his eyes in absolute rage as Virala alternated gazes between Inala and the fleeing Royal before chasing after the latter.



Chapter 446 Spirit Weapon Switch

?446 Spirit Weapon Switch

"Fool your enemy, fool your spectator, and you'll avoid a hundred battles." —An excerpt from the Book of Bullshit, by Sir Inala.

From start to finish, Inala had fooled everyone. To Virala, he was a mysterious individual with the drive to target Virala and the means to keep the latter's attention engaged for a significant duration.

But to the Brimgan Royals, he was a hero who was brave enough to face the infamous villain, Loot who had the strength of an Empyrean Tusk. As a result, they were happy to see him succeed. Best of all, he didn't even take the gains for himself and instead placed it in their custody without any hesitation.

First, it showed his nature of seeking justice. Second, it factored in his lack of strength that couldn't retain the treasure against Virala's attacks. Third, it was a display of his significant trust in the capability of the Brimgan Royals.

"Two more, go and accompany him." The Fentan City Lord said as a couple more Royals split off and rushed to join the Royal being sent away on a Spirit Weapon operated by the Royal standing beside him.

He then turned around to face the rushing Virala and caused a Spirit Weapon to hinder his path, "Where are you going?"

Bang!

"Get lost!" Virala punched in fury and dented the Spirit Weapon. His figure flickered as he swerved around it and continued his sprint, watching the chakram flying in the sky, carrying three Royals on it. One of them held his two Nature Weapons.

The Royal operating the chakram was at the 6-Life Stage, boasting an effective Spirit Weapon range of 7.2 kilometres. It was more than enough to transport the three Royals close to Fentan City, from where they could board a railway and make a beeline towards the Capital.

And if need be, in case Virala manages to catch up to them, then one of the Royals could use a similar means to transport two of them and increase the distance between them and Virala by a few kilometres.

"Defend!" The Fentan City Lord shouted upon seeing Virala unleash an artillery strike. As his Spirit Weapon defended against the spikes, he was stunned to see it begin melting off at parts, 'It won't be able to tank more than three or four of such shots.'

It wasn't too much of a problem though as he had eight such Spirit Weapons in total. This was only in terms of Spirit Weapons he had refined to the peak of his capability. He could instantly condense multiple non-refined Spirit Weapons. They would barely be able to tank an artillery strike each but should do the trick in case of emergencies.

'Then, I'll use the regular Spirit Weapons to defend and my refined ones to attack.' The Fentan City Lord thought as he wielded a second Spirit Weapon that acted as a spring to send his body flying away. He used this to evade Virala's spikes when he had the freedom to manoeuvre past them.

He had the experience necessary to wield two Spirit Weapons without a drop in efficiency. His method wasn't similar to the Skill of Puppetry used by Inala where he could divide his mind into four to control four Spirit Weapons.

The Brimgan Empire was an Empire driven by Spirit Weapons. They had researched the Spirit Weapon technology the most intensely. And obviously, they had created numerous means to wield more than one Spirit Weapon.

But the problem always stemmed not from the limit of Spirit Weapons but from the mind's capability. For an average cultivator, using a second Spirit Weapon brought their psychokinesis efficiency down to almost twenty percent, making it no longer worth using a second Spirit Weapon.

The Brimgan Empire had multiple means to bring the efficiency to eighty percent and beyond. But the problem was the mind's endurance.

The cultivator would be burning their mental capacity at an exponential pace. Suppose the cultivator could control a Spirit Weapon for eight hours before running out of Prana. Theoretically, he could control two Spirit Weapons for four hours. But practically, considering an efficiency of eighty percent, that number drops to 192 minutes, a bit over three hours.

However, in actual practice, it would be a wonder to cross two hours. The problem stems from the mind getting exhausted. Therefore, to keep it functioning without problems, Prana would have to be expended to heal the mental fatigue, which increased the Prana expenditure.

This was the reason that despite having the Skill of Puppetry, Asaeya only employed it when she fought seriously. In contrast, Inala never spared a thought in that direction as once he activated his Prana Blood Skill, he could rely upon Prana Hands and Life Hands to keep his body and mind fresh to work nonstop.

Something that troubled the Brimgan Empire and had been researched for thousands of years was never an issue to Inala due to his recovery means.

Hence, to combat over-expenditure, the Brimgan Royalty used a special technique that they had perfected over the years.

Gold Kinesis Art—Spirit Weapon Switch!

After giving a Spirit Weapon some momentum, the cultivator would focus on another Spirit Weapon. He would only maintain contact with the former Spirit Weapon without unleashing psychokinesis through it.

Upon giving a push to the second Spirit Weapon, he would shift focus to the first Spirit Weapon. This attention switch would be done instantaneously, making it seem like the Brimgan Royal was controlling two Spirit Weapons, when in truth, he was only controlling one at a time.

The Spirit Weapon Switch Skill had multiple variants, depending on the skill level of the user. The weakest variant allowed one to switch ten times in a second, limited to two Spirit Weapons.

Powerhouses such as the Brimgan Emperor were capable of performing over four hundred switches in a second and could freely switch between ten Spirit Weapons. He was an absurd existence.

The Fentan City Lord could switch up to a hundred times a second but was limited to two Spirit Weapons, as he primarily focused on the number of times he could switch in a second over controlling multiple Spirit Weapons.

As a result, he was able to micro-adjust his two Spirit Weapons and ensured they functioned just as he intended, smoothly in their function.

Boom!

The spring underneath his legs vanished and was replaced by a wheel that accelerated the Fentan City Lord to the side, allowing him to dodge Virala's lunge. As Virala unleashed an artillery strike, the Fentan City Lord condensed a Spirit Weapon to tank the attack.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

The Fentan City Lord transformed into a 10-metre-tall humanoid golden giant and grabbed Virala, grinning in response, "Where do you think you're going?"

As he spoke, a chakram slammed into Virala and caused blood to drip out of his body, having shaved off a good chunk of his exoskeleton.

"You're annoying!" Virala growled and transformed into an Empyrean Tusk to jump once, unleashing a quake that cratered the region and caused Karuta Hill to crumble in response.

But in response to his attack, the Fentan City Lord brought out a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a long spring and hovered high above the ground. The spring expanded and contracted according to the quakes, absorbing all the shock generated by the rumbling ground.

He had brought out a second Spirit Weapon in the shape of a rope that had coiled around the other royals and made them hover in the air at an altitude of four kilometres. And from their vantage point, they rained down attacks on the massive target.

Against Virala's human form, the Fentan City Lord would take charge of attacks while the rest would only serve to hinder his movements. But once he becomes an Empyrean Tusk, they'll attack without mercy, for it was easier to aim in this situation without hindering the Fentan City Lord.

Every single Royal had Gold Grade strength. For them, Virala was merely a ridiculously tough opponent. But no matter what he did, he couldn't escape their range, which meant they could take their time to wear him down before capturing him.



Chapter 447 Targeting Varahan Mansion

?447 Targeting Varahan Mansion

"May I know who you are?" A Royal approached Inala when the latter circled the crumbling Karuta Hill and arrived in his proximity.

"I'm Dhakha, a refugee who became a citizen just recently." Inala introduced himself.

"For someone who became a citizen just recently, you've shown a lot of bravery and concern for our Empire." The Royal said and shook hands with Inala, "I'm impressed by your strength and commitment."

"I was mostly frustrated, you see." Inala smiled wryly, "I heard about Karuta Hill back home so many times that I was fed up. And after so long, I managed to arrive here by braving countless life-and-death situations. But shit! I had just begun to admire the place when that bastard had to…ugh!"

"I understand your frustration." The Royal patted Inala's back to calm him down, saying in a hurry upon seeing the latter cough, "You sustained a lot of injuries while fighting Loot. You must get some rest now."

"Besides, we all saw what you did back there." He smiled, "You kept him engaged long enough for us to arrive. The Empire will reward your bravery."

"I'm grateful," Inala bowed in response, "It was difficult to act strong when I'm weak."

"You have Silver Grade strength. You're not weak in the slightest." The Royal patted him and walked away, "Your ability isn't strong, but you're able to use it to a ridiculous extent. That's sheer talent in itself."

"Once Loot is captured, someone will contact you. Come receive your reward then. You've earned it."

"It's my honour to serve the Empire!" Inala bowed as he observed the Royal walk away and take position at a comfortable spot. He was the one who controlled the Spirit Weapon carrying the group of Royals who were attacking Virala.

He was more than six kilometres from the battleground and adjusted his position as and when necessary.

Inala observed and noticed that more and more Royals were converging upon the place to form a net. They hadn't attacked yet and were just ready to intercept when necessary. Upon seeing their numbers, Inala smiled wryly, 'Just how many Royals were hiding in Fentan City alone?'

Many part of the wealthy class lived in Fentan City. Therefore, the number of Royals living here was a tad higher than in other cities. But even then, a casual observation netted more than thirty Royals in his location alone.

'Most are at the Body Stage.' He observed their presence and concluded, 'They're here as the final layer of defence.'

'With his current abilities, he could still make an escape. But for that, he should use the Nature Weapon of Eddy.' Inala thought, 'Virala won't be using it unless his life's at risk due to the severe Prana consumption.'

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Bludder!

This rotating creature of death would accumulate 300 Prana while spinning and activate its Primary Nature. Without spinning rapidly, it wouldn't be able to accumulate Prana fast enough to attack. This was at the Iron Grade.

Currently, its Nature of Eddy Blade stored in the Nature Weapon of Eddy was at the Mystic Grade. Meaning, the Prana consumed for a single attack would be in the thousands.

Whether in human or Empyrean Tusk form, Virala couldn't spin as fast as a Bludder. Therefore, he would have to manually accumulate as much Prana required for the Nature to activate, which would mean placing a severe strain on his Spirit Container.

Based on Virala's training attempts, Inala judged that Virala would be able to unleash two Eddy Blades in succession before his Spirit Container would shatter.

Even just unleashing one Eddy Blade would put enough strain that for a few days, he wouldn't be able to use Prana and would have to focus on recovery alone. Even using a Prana detection means would cause him intense heartaches.

Hence, unless Virala was prepared for such a situation, he wouldn't use the Nature Weapon of Eddy. Only when there was a clear route for escape would he use it.

Had he still retained the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel, Virala would have been able to escape without issues. That was why he had been arrogant all along. Because with Leech, he could absorb the blood of anyone in his Spirit Weapon range.

And with Tunnel, he could flee easily and transform the tunnel into a maze for any pursuers. It was damn easy. But now, he had no realistic means to escape without risking it all. After all, as time passed, more and more Royals began to show up.

The team of three Royals transporting the two Nature Weapon replicas was already out of Virala's sight, frustrating him. He wasn't able to break free from the Fentan City Lord who kept him rooted to the region surrounding Karuta Hill.

'Seems I messed up.' Virala cooled down upon realising that whether in human form or Empyrean Tusk form, he couldn't break free of the encirclement. His opponents were able to tank his artillery strikes without issues, having more than enough disposable Spirit Weapons.

He observed many Royals carrying a bag of Spirit Weapons that they supplied to the ones fighting him from time to time. Not just Spirit Weapons. They were also supplying medicines, Parute Fruits, etc.

With their extended Spirit Weapon range, they could casually take on such an approach. And though Virala was fighting with his all, none of the Royals had been injured until now. Forget being injured, they were staying just too damn far.

As a result, even when he unleashed an artillery strike, the travel distance meant more than enough time for the Brimgan Royals to calmly evade. In their Kinesis Deity forms, the Brimgan Royals were able to casually see high-speed movements.

Their bodies weren't fast, but their Spirit Weapons were, which was their primary means of fighting. Even if Virala tried something that took them by surprise, he couldn't cover five to ten kilometres in a few seconds.

The Spirit Weapons would keep bombarding him long enough for the Royals to catch up slowly. 'There's not much choice.'

For a moment, he stared in the direction of Fentan City, 'In my Empyrean Tusk form, if I were to unleash an artillery strike, I can accurately aim for Varahan Mansion. If some of them were to die, the Boar King would be forced to reveal himself. He'll become mad with rage and slaughter everyone. These Royals will be forced to intercept him and prevent Fentan City from getting destroyed.'

'I only need to get close to someone. Once I enter their Nature Slot, I can sneak away.' Virala smirked as turbulent winds were generated when he took on his Empyrean Tusk form.

Guuong!

A thunderclap resounded due to the sheer force with which he inhaled the surrounding air, alarming the Royals who erected defensive measures.

Nature Weapon—Tusk!

Nature Weapon—Artillery!

Virala activated them simultaneously and condensed thousands of spikes in his trunk, propped by Internal Inertial Gravity. He raised their density, making each spike weigh two hundred kilograms, thinking, 'This should be enough to destroy Varahan Mansion.'

"This madman!" Inala cursed in shock upon seeing Virala's aim. But it was too late already, as by the time Inala moved to take action, Virala's Empyrean Tusk form poised its trunk towards the sky and unleashed its artillery strike that penetrated the clouds in a matter of seconds.

"Shit! If he does that as an Empyrean Tusk, it'll only bring down the Boar King's wrath on the Mammoth Clan further!" Inala's face was twisted in frustration, "Even an idiot won't do this. Does this fucker not care if the Mammoth Clan is destroyed?"

Though he raced at his top speed, watching golden flashes speed past him as the Royals too took action, knowing where Virala was aiming, it was all for naught. Everyone unanimously raised their heads to see burning spikes resembling meteors rain down from the clouds, making a beeline toward Varahan Mansion.

And then…they touched the ground, vaporising Varahan Mansion.



Chapter 448 Enjoy the Boar King’s Wrath

﻿﻿448  Enjoy the Boar King’s Wrath

Varahan Mansion!

One minute before the impact, a frustrated Yarsha Zahara glared at the messenger who stood at the gates. Spirit Weapons in the form of rods surrounded the entire estate, preventing her from leaving it.

A subtle Prana fluctuation emanated from the rods, ready to alert the owners the moment anything or anyone were to pass through the gaps in their arrangement. Moreover, it was equipped with a material that would latch onto any trespassers with a specific scent that could be tracked from afar.

This was a special scent used by the Brimgan Empire, one that would latch onto a person and wouldn't dissipate for a few months at the very minimum. Moreover, it would continuously be generated by reacting with the target's sweat, constantly releasing the scent that allowed the Empire to track the target for extended periods.

"Wittral, can you identify the source of those sounds?" Yarsha Zahara said as she judged based on the Prana fluctuations emanating all over the place, "It seems like every single Royal in Fentan City has been mobilised towards Karuta Hill."

The fight between Virala and the Brimgan Royals caused thunderous sounds to echo far and wide, some of which even managed to reach the Varahan Mansion. As he listened to them, memories surged from his inheritance as Wittral commented, "Those are the sounds produced by an Empyrean tusk's battle state. Seems there's one fighting near the Karuta Hill."

"An Empyrean Tusk managed to enter the Brimgan Empire?" Yarsha Zahara frowned as she stared at Wittral, "Can it be similar to you? Did it sneak in to approach the Mammoth Ancestor's severed tusk? There doesn't seem to be anything else important enough for an Empyrean Tusk to risk it all."

"Its goal might be the severed tusk, but it shouldn't be like me." Wittral shook his head, "If an Empyrean Tusk sheds its human form and becomes an Empyrean Tusk, it would start as a baby, no matter how long it had lived as a human. A baby Empyrean Tusk cannot produce these sounds. These can only be generated by an Empyrean Tusk that had reached maturity."

"But, the only way to switch between Pranic Beast form and human form is through the Nature of Cultivator." He stared at Yarsha Zahara, "Only the Boar King has that."

"In my case, once I transform into an Empyrean Snapper, I can no longer assume human form." He concluded. This was a lie, of course. But he never revealed the true function of his Secondary Nature of Royalty.

To date, both the Boar King and his wife were of the thought that Wittral's Secondary Nature was the Nature of Prana Bomb. Wittral intended to continue that lie.

"Hence," He stared solemnly, "This must be someone else."

'Dammit! Why does an Empyrean Tusk have to appear now?' Yarsha Zahara was nervous, 'If husband were to sense its presence, he would become riled up, which is bad for his condition. I need to do something before that.'

She then stared at Wittral and beckoned him to follow her, "There's something I need to do. Follow me."

"Okay," Wittral nodded and ran after her, intending to enter the mansion when suddenly, he felt a disturbance in the air upon hearing shrieks from his surroundings. He stared up and observed burning objects race towards his location, resembling a rainfall of meteors. "Enemy attack!"

"My kids are inside!" Yarsha Zahara screamed as she moulded Prana behind her and unleashed a fluctuation, using which her figure thrust forward, flickering into the house at rapid speeds. She arrived before her children and enveloped them in a hug, shouting towards Wittral, "Protect us!"

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!

Yarsha Zahara grabbed a handful of Satellites that she had brought in preparation to face Loot and activated her Human Avatar. She absorbed Wittral's Prana directed at her and morphed the Satellites into a protective dome, erecting multiple layers in a couple of seconds.

Wittral stomped the ground and parted it open as the group rapidly burrowed underground, as if an elevator descending the floors of a skyscraper. As they moved underground, he morphed the topsoil and hardened it to the limit.

Boom!

The artillery strike consisting of spikes weighing two hundred kilograms each rained down on Varahan Mansion and obliterated it. Countless golden flashes intercepted them, but with the heat, weight, the effects of Bone-Melting Artillery, and the momentum of their fall, the spikes were unstoppable.

They poked through the Spirit Weapons like they were made of paper and instantly vaporised Varahan Mansion.

The ground turned into lava and spilled onto the streets, burning the clothes of the spectators who hadn't fled far away from the Varahan Mansion.

"Ack!"

"S-Save me!"

"No!"

People screamed as they went up in flames. Many used their Spirit weapons to flee farther away, but the slower ones became victims. And the unfortunate ones became prey to the stray spikes that missed their mark and slammed into the surroundings of Varahan Mansion.

"Aa…" A youth didn't even manage to scream as a spike slammed into his head and instantly poked into the ground, boring a hole forty metres deep. There was reddish-black steam in his spot as his blood had been vaporised from the heat and melting effects.

Not even two seconds after the impact, no traces of his body were left behind. The spikes were so dangerous.

"Argh!" Wittral grunted in pain as his arms melted off, having tanked the residue effects of some spikes that managed to pierce all the way through the erected defensive measures.

"Wittral!" Yarsha Zahara shouted in concern as she hurriedly touched his wounds and absorbed the residue effects of the spikes. Only then was he able to focus on healing in relief.

But a second later, his face paled as he harnessed Subtle Terrain Domination with greater intensity, hearing the sounds of another artillery strike being unleashed. "Get down!"

He churned the earth around them and erected a pillar in the direction of the artillery strike while heading deeper underground. Had it just been the artillery strike that he had to defend against, Wittral would have managed by going deep enough.

But the moment he moved a bit underground, toxic fumes began to waft in, dangerous enough that a whiff would kill Yarsha Zahara and her kids. To protect them, he had to split a good portion of his focus on selectively filtering out the toxins while generating enough pure air for the Boar King's kids to breathe. This weakened his defensive strength towards the spikes.

"I underestimated the attack!" Wittral grunted. "I never thought each spike would weigh over two hundred kilograms. An artillery strike on a Millinger's level fused with the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity. Only one can unleash such a fusion attack using different Natures other than your husband."

"Loot!" Yarsha Zahara gritted her teeth in rage, "Does this fucker wish to annihilate us?"

"Hahaha!" On the battlefield next to the crumbled Karuta Hill, Virala laughed as it rained spikes around him. Before he reverted to human form, he unleashed an artillery strike vertically upwards. "The solution was extremely simple."

This way, all the Royals in his vicinity had to move away to avoid being killed. The momentum behind the spikes was too much for them to tank using psychokinesis. Even their refined Spirit Weapons would be pierced through.

Stage 1—Tusk!

Virala condensed a tusk in his hand and used it as a Spirit Weapon to poke a large hole in the ground. He controlled it as a drill through psychokinesis and began to head deeper, intending to make his escape in this manner. The Royals would only be able to chase after him once the rain of spikes ends, but by then, he would have tunnelled into the Northern Lakes.

He had aimed the artillery strike in such a way that the region twenty metres around him wouldn't be affected. This allowed him to safely dig a hole, watching the frustrated face of the Fentan City Lord to comment, "Enjoy the Boar King's wrath. His only family after two millennia died in your city."

"So, he'll be extremely happy to annihilate the Brimgan Empire."



Chapter 449 Is It This World?

﻿﻿449  Is It This World?

"Fuck!" Inala cursed in frustration as he landed on the terrace of a tall building and stared in the direction of Fentan City located farther away, watching the rain of fire impact a certain region in it, resulting in an explosive sea of fire.

Varahan Mansion was no more. The sight alone caused him to tremble. He imagined a scene from the future where piles upon piles of Empyrean Tusks collapsed in a sea of flame as the Boar King torched them all in fury.

"It's all over…" He muttered, lacking the strength to take a step forward. Killing Yarsha Zahara wasn't an issue. He planned to do that too. But the context behind her death mattered the most.

The blame must be on someone foreign to the Mammoth Clan so that the Boar King's hatred would be diverted. After Gannala gained the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation, they had enough means to make the perfect plan.

Through her Nature Weapon form, Gannala would take position in a poor bloke's Nature slot and influence him to the extreme so that his mind gets overwritten for the intended purpose.

Prime Skill—Virala!

They had this knowledge from Virala. Using this, they could push the blame onto Loot as usual, albeit with some changes. By finding the perfect target, once his character has been changed, they'll also equip him with the necessary Nature Weapons to assassinate Yarsha Zahara and then flee.

Currently, the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel were in his possession. By equipping Loot with these two Nature Weapons, they'll create a slippery character that is powerful enough to keep fleeing from the Boar King.

As long as he manages to flee into the Guna Caves, it'll take forever for the Boar King to catch him. And if even that doesn't work, this individual—Loot—could flee into a region terraformed by a Major Treasure. The region influenced by the Major Treasure of Weapon would be perfect for it, as it had claimed the lives of dozens of Empyrean Tusks in Sumatra Chronicles.

By making some preparations, Inala was confident in trapping a powerful Prince of the Brimgan Empire into Loot's role. Someone like the Fentan City Lord would have more than enough Prana to activate the Nature Weapons of Leech and Tunnel in quick succession and continue to be on the evasive.

With that, they could be successful in keeping the Boar King engaged long enough even after the appearance of the Major Treasure of Attribute. The longer the Boar King chases after this 'Loot,' the less time he would have to stockpile bodies at the Gaja Enclave.

That would mean a weaker Boar King they would have to face at the Fourth Major Disaster, which would make their lives easier and give a greater chance of survival for the Mammoth Clan. But now, everything went to shit.

His years of careful planning went up in smoke, since the culprit that annihilated the Boar King's family was an Empyrean Tusk, "Damnit! Dammit! DAMMIT!"

The artillery strike damaged the underground of Fentan City, disrupting the flow of toxins through the Southern Veins in the region. It wouldn't be too big of a disturbance as thanks to the machinations of the Brimgan Founder, the Southern Veins would recover over time.

The Brimgan Empire too had invested heavily in that regard. But what Inala was concerned about the entry point into the region influenced by the Major Treasure of Attribute. 'It may no longer be at the Arlfarah Mansion.'

If it were to open up anywhere else, the Brimgan Royals would hurriedly blockade entry and then send in raid teams to scout the place.

In Sumatra Chronicles, they quickly dispatched enough teams to occupy all the entrances and sent in raid teams to slaughter all Pranic Beasts that had ventured in already. As a result of their actions, the Mammoth Clan sent in most of their people to fight for an entry path, causing a war to erupt between the two sides, at the end of which half the Mammoth Clan ended up annihilated, losing too many masters in the process.

Resha only managed to reach the Attribute thanks to the Mammoth Clan worshippers who had infiltrated the ranks of the Brimgan Empire and helped him from behind the scenes. They played a pivotal role in that regard.

But they were rabid fanatics, which was why Inala never entertained the thought of meeting them. Now, he would have no other choice but to encounter them. 'Amita will gain entry naturally as she's now the adopted daughter of Farloon Brimgan. But my male body can't head anywhere near the entrance.'

"A mess! Everything's a mess!" He clutched his head in pain before glaring in the direction of Virala, "Fucker! Since you dared mess up everything, forget escaping. I'll kill your second body too…"

Right as Inala rushed towards Virala, making plans to target him at the closest Northern Lake where he would drill out of, his feet came to a sudden stop. Not just him, but everyone in the region felt their hearts skip a beat.

Even the tusk that Virala was using to drill deeper underground stopped whirring. He wanted to urge it to spin and continue drilling but was unable to. His mind felt like it had frozen up, unresponsive. His body trembled as the whites of his eyes began to show.

The messenger that had sealed off Varahan Mansion had currently taken refuge at a spot two kilometres from the estate. Suddenly, blood spurted out of his orifices as his blood vessels exploded. He wasn't alone as everyone at Silver Grade was in the same state.

The weaker ones among Iron Grade exploded into blood mist while the rest collapsed into pools of their blood, in varying states of injury. Only those with Gold Grade strength were fine, but even they were unable to move, struck by fear deep-seated in their core memory.

From deep underground Varahan Mansion billowed out a tsunami of presence that wrapped Fentan City in its entirety and spread around, unable to be stopped.

Babies, kids, and adults at the Spirit Stage dropped dead spontaneously. Only those at the Body Stage remained alive, suffering varying degrees of damage depending on the Grade of their strength.

"Ahhh!" Gannala curled up into a foetus position and cried in fear, experiencing fits spontaneously. She spasmed and frothed at the mouth, feeling like she was losing her mind under the presence.

"T-Take in deep breaths!" Asaeya intended to rush to her rescue but found herself collapsed on the floor, failing to move. She stared in absolute fear, 'H-How is his presence stronger than what I sensed at the Dieng Canyon? He was at the 3-Life Stage back then!'

Boom! Thud! Kaboom!

Punching sounds resounded from the ground of Varahan Mansion before soon, a hill-sized chunk flew out, revealing a gaping hole. Climbing out from it was a two-hundred-metre-

tall Pranic Beast, the source of mass slaughter that had happened at Fentan City.

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

The body at the Varahan Mansion had zero Natures stored in its Astral Chart, remaining in its Pranic Beast form for purposes unknown. But now, it was forced to stop its actions thanks to the artillery strike.

A moment later, the Empyrean Boar King took on its human form as a naked Brangara appeared in place, looking around to see a sea of lava surrounding him. The lava touched his feet and caused sizzling sounds. It began to flow into the hole he came out from.

"My…family…" The Boar King looked around, unable to detect even a speck of the Varahan Mansion's existence, "Again…it happened again."

He stared at the sky, experiencing sadness, "This was what I feared. Just…why? Why me? Why my brethren? Whose fault is this?"

"Is it this world?" He muttered, unconscious of the fact that his presence continued to build up to unprecedented levels as for the first time in history since he had reached maturity, the Boar King unleashed the full brunt of his strength, "Is it this world?"

His gaze slowly shifted to the group of Royals far away, his gaze incomprehensible, his tone soft, forming an absolute contrast to his billowing presence that resulted in a wave of slaughter, "Is it this world?"



Chapter 450 The Boar King’s Tears

?450 The Boar King’s Tears

"Is it this world?" The Boar King muttered, sending the hearts of every Brimgan Royal into the abyss of despair. But strangely, the Boar King didn't kill them. Rather, he crouched low, scooped some lava, and splashed it on his face, treating it as water.

It singed his skin but he didn't seem bothered by it, as it recovered in an instant. Tears streamed out of his eyes as the Boar King plopped to the ground, "My family…is no more."

The Boar King Sobbed!

"Sir Boar King, this was done by…" A Royal mustered every ounce of his courage to speak when he noticed that the Boar King's presence covering the entire region vanished. Following that, it was concentrated on him alone, causing his Spirit Container to explode as a result.

He collapsed on the Spirit Weapon carrying him, coughing out blood as he was no longer able to feel Prana anymore. The copious amount of Prana in him that he had built for over three centuries gushed out of him and vanished for good, rendering him powerless.

The rest of the Royals standing on the Spirit Weapon beside him rushed to his support, glaring at the Boar King in response. Now that the latter's presence had vanished, they could move freely once again.

As proud Free Humans, they were indignant about being treated as such by a Pranic Beast, even if said Pranic Beast were the Boar King.

But unconcerned about their gazes was the Boar King, wallowing in sadness. Or rather, he didn't even know that he had crippled a Brimgan Royal. That was just his presence taking action on its own, reacting to the Brimgan Royal who was the sole individual to speak at that moment.

A Spirit Weapon appeared before the group of Brimgan Royals defensively, controlled by the Fentan City lord who motioned them to remain silent. He took the helm and rushed towards Fentan City, knowing that no matter the case, he had to do something, since the Boar King was in his city and had caused the deaths of tens of thousands of people.

He led the Brimgan Royals towards the lava-covered region where the Varahan Mansion once stood, his gaze solemn, commanding one of the Royals, "Inform the Emperor."

"Only he has a chance in facing the Boar King."

Observing the group headed by the Fentan City Lord was Inala from his vantage point. He stared at the Boar King's figure in shock, able to perceive the latter's figure from so far away thanks to the exceptional eyesight of an Empyrean Zinger.

'There's a body of him here?' He hurriedly focused on his Secondary Nature, failing to sense the Boar King through it, 'That means the body here doesn't have any Internal Inertial Gravity. It's an absurd choice.'

The moment the Boar King splits his body with an uneven distribution of Natures in the Astral Chart of each body, the instantaneous piling of influence would prevent the bodies from combining ever again. That was why the Boar King moved as a stacked whole and never split his body.

If he splits his body for some reason, it had to be killed once the purpose was resolved. Otherwise, Inala's story at the Cooter Clan about the Sane and Insane Boar King would become reality. That was a guaranteed possibility, which was why the Cooter Clan Chief readily bought his story.

'What do I do now?' Inala became flustered, having never expected such a move from the Boar King. And seeing the latter's strange condition only terrified him, 'He's about to explode.'

'Forget the Attribute, that's a lost cause for the time being.' Inala no longer bothered about Virala. Or rather, he had more pressing matters to worry about. 'First, I need to get everyone to safety before the Boar King starts slaughtering everyone.'

His figure moved rapidly as he used four strings of Prana to skittle forth on the ground like a spider, using the long legs to cover large distances rapidly. In under two minutes, he rushed home and stared at the figures of Gannala and Asaeya on the ground. "Get up, we need to flee."

"D-Dad, I'm scared." Gannala teared up, "His presence is dozens of times stronger than my memories of him."

"He seems stronger than when he was at the 3-Life Stage."

"Forget about him for now. Leave some Empyrean Zingers to keep watch of the situation." Inala said and enveloped Asaeya with a Prana Bomb and bent the space within, shrinking it to a miniature form. He made Gannala swallow the miniature Prana Bomb and the two Nature Weapons he had stolen from Virala.

Once Gannala spat out a hundred Empyrean Zingers, he spoke, "Take on your Nature Weapon form. We'll communicate through my Empyrean Slip Prime Skill."

"O-Okay," Gannala trembled, barely able to keep her wits to herself.

[The fear I'm feeling now isn't due to Internal Inertial Gravity, but my predecessor's inheritance. My core being as an Empyrean Tusk is terrified…]

[Don't stress too much. We'll think of a plan once we're safe.]

As Gannala read his thoughts, Inala used his four strings of Prana to scurry towards the Brimgan Empire's exit. He placed Gannala's Nature Weapon form in a bag and held it securely, allowing her to communicate with him through the string of Prana that coiled around her.

"Kriek!" He let out a mild shriek and watched the Empyrean Zingers spread out in response. They'll keep watch of the situation and report to him later. Or in the worst-case scenario, they'll hide a Bone Slip filled with all the information in places he had specified through the shriek.

That way, even if they get killed, Inala would be able to know what had happened through the Bone Slips.

The group split into two. The first group spread throughout Fentan City to spy on the Boar King's actions. The second group chased after Virala, having been fed all information regarding his abilities and character disposition by Inala through shrieks.

They'll tail after him and keep note of his actions and position. And if the chase persists, they'll reveal his location to the Brimgan Royals. Virala was currently chasing after a railway that had the three Royals transporting his Nature Weapons—

imitations.

So, he was bound to the Capital. Upon knowing that information, they could make plans accordingly and ensure to screw him up at the Capital City.

"Stop!" A guard at the Brimgan Empire's exit shouted upon seeing Inala's approach, "Where's your exit permit?"

"Here!" Inala threw an exit permit that he swiped from a group in the vicinity using Tangible Psychokinesis, "Move! I'm in a hurry!"

The guard checked the exit permit and moved to the side. In that window of time where he grabbed the three the exit permit, Inala changed the information in it to match his. This way, his exit became legal.

His actions would be revealed once they check their database, but that wasn't part of his concern now.

Inala deactivated Tangible Psychokinesis as he had expended most of his Prana. He then sprinted through the wilds, running for two kilometres before stopping, "We're far enough now."

Gannala reverted to her human form and spat out a vial of medicine to help his Prana recovery. Following that, Inala condensed a pair of Prana Hands and captured an Iron Grade Pranic Beast lying prone nearby.

Once it was subdued, he constricted it. He then stared at Gannala, "We'll keep communicating. Be careful."

Inala would be able to observe the surroundings by reading her mind using the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill. Gannala could naturally read his memories. This way, the duo could communicate without issues even after Inala enters her stomach biome.

"I will, Dad." Gannala nodded and watched Inala wrap himself with a Prana Bomb and shrink it to the limit. She swallowed it and settled him in her stomach biome. Following that, she took on her Nature Weapon form and took position in the Pranic Beast's Secondary Nature slot.

Prime Skill—Gannala!

She modified Virala's Prime Skill to suit her and influenced the Iron Grade Pranic Beast into her mind, character, and disposition. Following that, she exited its Secondary Nature slot, equipped the Nature Weapon of Tunnel to its Tertiary Nature slot, and reclaimed position in its Secondary Nature slot.

Now, the Pranic Beast moved as Gannala and entered the Brimgan Empire by tunnelling a way through the Lotus Range. From a far enough position on the Northern Lakes, she stared at Fentan City with a solemn gaze.



