Chapter 61 A Leap of Desperation

"Asaeya!" Upon seeing the shuttle drop to the ground, Inala shrieked in alarm, infusing Prana into his throat. His shout alerted the elites as they launched their Spirit Weapons, intending to catch the shuttle.

"H-Heavy!" An elite grunted in pain as his Spirit Weapon, a spear, stabbed into the shuttle, intending to pull it back up. But, it was too heavy for him, since he was only an elite. All he managed to do was buy a second before the shuttle fell past his range.

Spurting out blood, the elite collapsed, exhausted of all Prana. The other elites in the area were farther away and were a moment late in reacting, for they had been targeting the Zingers.

Inala sprinted without a moment of hesitation and jumped over the edge. His Prana surged into his bag and made a glove fly out. When an elite slowed down the shuttle's fall, Inala used the chance to push forth his glove with all his might.

"Argh!" When the shuttle began to fall, the air resistance caused it to spin, throwing off Asaeya. As the shuttle spun, one of its inner walls slammed into her.

When her body impacted the inner wall, Asaeya's nails grew in length, turning sharp as she clamped upon the wall, latching onto it like a lizard. This at least allowed her some freedom of thought, looking around as tried to find a way out.

The shuttle was a moving platform. To avoid being attacked by the Zingers, walls, and a ceiling were attached by the master that transported it. There were only a couple of fist-sized holes meant for air circulation.

It was impossible for a student to break the bone walls constructed by a master. Asaeya condensed Prana into her fist and punched once, barely denting the wall. Just as she despaired, a spear pierced the wall nearby, rotating at a high speed to poke a hole.

Immediately in response, a few more spears poked the wall, lodging themselves halfway inside as they tried to push the shuttle up in hopes to reduce its acceleration. The elites situated along the stomach and legs of the Empyrean Tusk had taken action.

But even they could only slow down the fall.

The elites tied ropes to their hips and jumped down, falling alongside the shuttle as their Spirit Weapons poked into the shuttle repeatedly. They intended to break open a section of the wall and pull out Asaeya.

But it was taking time and the shuttle was approaching closer and closer to the ground.

"Shit! Hurry!" An elite grunted as blood gushed out of his nose in strain. His Spirit Weapon drilled into the shuttle's wall and penetrated a hole. It turned around inside and made another hole on its way back.

The elites were poking holes in the wall around Asaeya. Since she was latched onto the wall, as long as they broke out the piece she held, they could save her. But they weren't fast enough as only a few elites were in range to take action.

The shuttle had fallen past their positions too quickly for them to handle. The shuttle fell through the layer of clouds and continued to fall. Six hundred metres to the ground. A few seconds to impact. Even though the elites wished to save the kid trapped within the shuttle, they were losing hope as none of them were strong enough to break open the shuttle or hold it in place.

The shuttle fell through the region between the 43rd and 44th Empyrean Tusks. As this region was hardly attacked by the Zingers, only weak elites had been placed on guard. It wasn't even a year since most of these elites graduated from the academy. So, their strength wasn't that high as compared to a student.

Had the veteran elites been at the scene, they would have rescued Asaeya by now. The newbie elites weren't capable enough. Just as they prepared themselves for Asaeya's death, a pair of gloves rushed past them and grabbed two of the lodged spears.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

Inala added his imprint in the Spirit Weapons and using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined their shapes, transforming them into blades. The gloves moved back and forth to saw through the wall. Moreover, using his psychokinesis on the gloves, he tugged hard, pulling his body towards the shuttle.

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

His four Spirit Weapons targeted a hole each and sawed through them, connecting the holes with a crack. "Asaeya! Brace for impact!"

He shouted and spiked the Prana in his gloves, pulling his body towards the shuttle faster. His Spirit Weapons barely carved a crack in the wall, but it hadn't shattered yet. Hence, with a bang, Inala landed on the region with enough force the crack spread throughout the wall's thickness and caused the affected piece to cave in.

His legs shattered from the impact, but he was so pumped with adrenaline that Inala didn't feel the pain. Instead, his full focus was on saving Asaeya, 'Fuck! She's my first disciple! As if I would let you fuckers kill her!'

His glove clenched into a fist and slammed the edge of the broken piece of wall, flipping it to reveal the figure of Asaeya that was clamped on it, "Grab me!"

Asaeya let go of her hold and leaped onto him, grabbing him like a koala bear as Inala punched forth the walls with his second glove and used the momentum to fly out of the hole. "Elites! Hook my legs!"

"Argh!" Inala blanked out when a spear pierced his thigh and pulled his body up, rapidly slowing down his descent.

"Come on! Slow down, dammit!" The elite that had pierced his spear through Inala's thigh grunted as his Prana surged into his spear and pulled as much as possible. He did indeed succeed in slowing down Inala's descent, causing other nearby elites to catch up.

Since his legs were busted anyway, they hooked their spears in the legs and pulled Inala. Fifty metres above the ground, Inala's figure came to a stop. He had fainted long ago. And holding him for dear life was Asaeya, shrieking upon seeing blood gush out of Inala's orifices, "Help!"

Like reeling a fish, two elites controlled their spears and pulled Inala and Asaeya to an encampment on the Empyrean Tusk's knee.

"Inala!" Asaeya jumped around the moment she landed safely, staring at Inala as she broke down into tears, observing the over dozen spears logged in his legs. Blood leaked out of them nonstop.

Asaeya was flustered, feeling Inala's body turn cold.



Chapter 62 Inala Faints, Mandu Rages

Boom!

The shuttle crashed into the ground and splattered upon impact. The Imagination Art within broke into a hundred fragments. A shadow loomed over it and calmly passed over. It was the 44th Empyrean Tusk's right hind leg. Gannala continued to walk, and so did the rest of the Empyrean Tusks.

Even if this seemed like a significant event where dozens of elites participated in the rescue operation, there was no ripple from the outcome. The scale was too minor for the herd to bother about.

In Sumatra Chronicles, during one such visit to the 44th Settlement, the shuttle carrying Asaeya fell down. The elites tried to save her but failed. In the end, her body splattered upon impact. A drop from more than a kilometre height was nothing but a death sentence.

The shuttle's fall wasn't of any importance, which was why her death didn't even make it to Sumatra Chronicles.

"Inala! Inala! Get up!" Asaeya sobbed. She didn't have anything on her being to heal him. Prana did have healing properties, but unless she had a Skill or Nature geared towards healing, seeping her Prana into his body would only worsen the situation.

Inala's Prana would reject the foreign Prana. The clash would wound him further.

"Do you have an Elixir?" Asaeya looked at the elites near her, "If you have, please take it out. I'll reimburse you with a brand new Elixir immediately after."

The elites wryly smiled at each other, expressing helplessness. They were merely cultivators without any background that had graduated a few months ago and had only been granted Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

They didn't have the resources to afford something on the level of an Elixir.

"We have notified the higher-ups. Help is on the way." One of the elites said and applied pressure on Inala's wounds, massaging the area to ease up the blood circulation, "Let's do everything in our power to prolong his life until then."

"Okay," Asaeya forcibly calmed herself down and looked at Inala's box-shaped bag. He carried his weapons in it, just in case. And they proved useful in saving her life.

Asaeya's goal wasn't his weapons, but Parute Fruit. She paid him 280 Parute Fruits for the Imagination Art. 'That can protect him!'

She grabbed a handful of Parute Fruits and crushed them, dripping their essence into Inala's mouth. The essence quickly made its way to his stomach, activating his Mystic Bone Art in response.

The Parute Fruits transformed into Prana that circulated in his body, beginning to heal the injuries. The consumption of 100 Parute Fruits would generate one unit of Prana. So, 280 Parute Fruits weren't much help.

But three units of Prana would still prolong his life for a bit longer. Thanks to the Mystic Bone Art's activation, the coldness setting in Inala began to wane.

"Does anyone have Parute Fruits?" Asaeya asked once she finished feeding all 280 of them to Inala.

"We have some reserve in our station." One of the elites said and rushed towards a secure safe in a nearby room and grabbed the box of Parute Fruits from within, "There's a thousand of them!"

"Thank you!" Asaeya sighed in relief, "Please be assured that I'll repay the amount immediately after."

1000 Parute Fruits generated 10 units of Prana, barely stabilising Inala's situation.

"What happened to Inala?" Instructor Mandu dropped down with a rope and hung outside the encampment on the Empyrean Tusk's knee. The encampment was shaped no different from a balcony, and placed on the floor there was Inala.

Seeing his condition, Instructor Mandu entered the encampment and inspected Inala's body, "Thankfully, he won't die. Enough Prana is circulating in his body to prevent his condition from worsening."

After completing his duties at the academy, Instructor Mandu was walking toward the guest room when he heard the commotion. And upon inquiring about the details with the elites nearby, he jumped down immediately. He didn't wish to see one of his talented students experience a premature death.

Instructor Mandu transported Inala to the Academy's infirmary, beginning treatment.

"He'll live, don't worry." The healer in the infirmary said after injecting a vial of medicine into Inala's bloodstream, "If nothing unusual happens, he ought to wake up in a day. His legs have been messed up. Due to his Fragment Disease, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to walk for the near future."

"Will he be crippled?" Instructor Mandu felt intense anger surge in him.

"That won't happen, don't worry." The healer commented, "His Prana would eventually heal his legs. With his current Prana reserves, he'll take two years to make a full recovery."

"Two years…" Instructor Mandu muttered, "Two years…! Two…years, huh?"

"Two years to recover naturally." The healer said, "We can use medicine to make the process faster but at the slightest burden, his body will break down further. The bodies of those infected by the Fragment Disease are sensitive and honestly fragile."

"Even at present, the amount of Prana in him has already put his body under strain. So, I wouldn't recommend…"

"That's enough. Notify me once he wakes up." Saying so, Instructor Mandu left the infirmary as he arrived at the academy's training grounds and stared at the sky, seeing hundreds of Zingers.

His legs fused to resemble a tail while his upper body ballooned in size, turning twice as big. Reddish-brown scales covered his body as a pair of horns protruded out of his forehead. His face transformed into that of a crocodile as claws appeared on his hands.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Shock Lizard!

One of the most common Pranic Beasts that Mammoth Clansmen fuse with upon reaching the Body Stage. For its Grade, it boasted decent power. Its serpentine lower half allowed the cultivators to crawl through the grooves and channels in the settlement faster. Moreover, its ability was perfectly suited for the combat environment on the Empyrean Tusk's body.

Primary Nature—Prana Shock!

Instructor Mandu opened his lizard mouth and spewed forth a bolt of Prana that blasted into the Zingers upon impact. It unleashed a ripple of shockwave, paralysing the Zingers, numbing their bodies.

Without a break, Instructor Mandu unleashed a volley of Prana Shocks, causing Zingers to rain down from the sky. His bone spear flashed about and punctured their heads, "Arghhh!"

Instructor Mandu roared, dissatisfied. He rushed out of the academy and arrived before the guest room, staring at the old man whose slip-up caused everything.

"No, I'm not sure. I suddenly felt sleepy. And before I realised, I was asleep…" The old man was explaining himself to another master when suddenly, a bolt of Prana slammed into his face and exploded. "What the…who dared?"

"Fucker! I do!" Instructor Mandu roared as he rained down punches on the old man, "You had one job, the safest in our Clan. If you can't even do it properly, why the fuck are you alive?"



Chapter 63 Mandu Kills a Master

"Make it seem like an accident." A Zinger's Prana Bomb hovered in the air. Attached to it was a flower whose pollen caused one to fall asleep, "Place this on the roof of the building next to you. It would put the blame on the Zingers."

Mahuddu accepted the Prana Bomb and stared at the individual that remained seated within the shuttle, exuding arrogance nurtured through authority. He bowed in response, "I'll do as you say,"

"Lady Zannerl."

"Don't utter my name casually." The lady in the shuttle snorted, following which she snapped her finger, motioning for the Shuttle to be moved to her Settlement already, "Remember, you'll not be paid the Mid-Grade Elixir if you fail to kill Asaeya. And if you dare reveal my involvement, I'll slaughter all your descendants. Keep that in mind the next time you say my name."

"Y-Yes." Mahuddu bowed respectfully as he carefully moved the shuttle to the 43rd Settlement. He immediately placed the Prana Bomb on the roof of the nearby building and sniffed, 'I feel a mild sense of sleepiness. As long as I remove the Prana protecting my lungs, I'll be affected faster. I'll do that while transporting Asaeya to appear natural.'

Bam!

A punch to the face forced Mahuddu to recall the previous night's arrangement. He crashed into the wall of the guest room and coughed out blood, glaring at Instructor Mandu, "How dare a mere junior attack me?"

"Do you wish to die?"

"I should be asking you the same." Instructor Mandu grunted and shot two bolts of Prana, aiming for the old man, Mahuddu.

Mahuddu riled up his Prana and caused the walls of the guest room to melt and flow around him like water. It transformed into a robust shield and defended against the Prana Shock, shattering in response as the residue slammed into him, causing him to gasp.

Mahuddu was a master at the 2-Life Stage, in charge of the shuttle that moved between the 44th and 43rd Settlements. He fused with a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. In terms of his Prana reservoir, lifespan, or sheer power, he overwhelmed Instructor Mandu on all fronts.

But until he transformed, all he had was a larger Prana reservoir. And to prevent his transformation, Instructor Mandu attacked in his transformed state, overwhelming the latter.

Instructor Mandu, as a Shock Lizard leaped in the air and unleashed another Prana Shock. When Mahuddu defended against it, partly stunned, he lashed with his tail.

The tail slap sent Mahuddu crashing into the wall once again. And before he could even manage to orient himself, two more Prana Shocks followed suit, this time slamming dead centre.

"Aargh!" Mahuddu felt his internal organs rupture from the impact, "I'll kill…"

His voice came to a halt as Mahuddu stared at the bone spear that poked out of his chest. It revved once and shredded his heart, causing his eyes to lose all signs of life.

"Mandu, control yourself." The other master at the scene hurriedly grabbed Instructor Mandu, "It's forbidden to kill one of us."

"One of us?" Instructor Mandu glared at the master, "Someone that dares try to kill my student is a fucking traitor to the Clan! Don't you dare stop me, Vuhal. Or I'll consider you as Mahuddu's accomplice."

"Please don't be unreasonable, Mandu." The master, called Vuhal shouted in a hurry, "I was dispatched by the Settlement Leader to investigate the cause. I'll be the judge whether or not Mahuddu did it on purpose or by mistake."

"Mistake? Have you lost your braincells, Vuhal?" Instructor Mandu clapped once as his spear shot to the nearby roof and pushed out a Zinger's Prana Bomb. Attached to it was a flower, still releasing pollen.

"Don't you feel sleepy?" Instructor Mandu snorted, "Even when I raged, this pollen still made me feel sleepy. I could immediately figure out the cause and pinpoint it."

He glared at Vuhal, "If a master cannot even notice something this obvious, isn't he a waste of our Clan's resources? Am I wrong in dispatching such a parasite?"

"This…" Vuhal hesitated and whispered, "I noticed it too. But, you or I don't have the authority to punish a master. Only the Settlement Leader does. So, I was buying time until he arrived."

"Ah…I see," Instructor Mandu cooled down in realisation, "It seems I went overboard. Sorry for cursing at you."

"No, I understand." Vuhal nodded, "A student you were nurturing was almost killed. If I was in your place, I too would have gone ballistic. But you were wrong, Mandu. You'll be punished for killing a master."

"I see someone is being naughty." A voice resounded behind them, alarming the two.

'I didn't even notice his approach.' Instructor Mandu turned around in shock before prostrating on the floor in response, "I greet the Settlement Leader!"

"I greet the Settlement Leader!" Vuhal too prostrated, trembling upon feeling Bora Tusk's bloodthirsty gaze.

"You disturbed me for this crap?" Bora Tusk lifted his foot and stomped, crushing Vuhal's arm, stating upon seeing the latter control himself, not even letting out a grunt, "I believe I gave you the authority."

"But Mahuddu is a master." Vuhal controlled himself to mask the pain he felt. If he dares shows it in his expression, Bora Tusk would continue torturing him.

"A master…?" Bora Tusk calmly stared at Mahuddu's corpse, "He's at the Body Stage though?"

1-Life Stage was equivalent to the peak of the Body Stage. Since Mahuddu was killed once by Instructor Mandu, his cultivation dropped from the 2-Life Stage to the 1-Life Stage.

"Am I not making sense?" Bora Tusk asked calmly, but his body was already oozing out killing intent, causing the buildings in the vicinity to turn molten. "I remember setting a rule that a master can decide an elite's punishment if they commit a mistake. Do you want me to continue?"

"Please leave it to me, Settlement Leader." Vuhal slowly got up. He didn't even stare up when a powerful blow slammed his side, sending him flying into a building.

"Bastard. Why did you summon me for something you could take care of?" Bora Tusk groaned, "Am I being lenient in my punishment? Is that why you brats are being a pain in my nasty butt?"

"I apologise," Vuhal walked out as he coughed out blood. One side of his skeletal frame had been shattered. The organs within too had turned into mush. If not for his Prana reinforcing them, he would have lost a life.

But he dared not heal himself before Bora Tusk, for the madman would only see that as an act of rebellion. Therefore, Vuhal could only plead.

"Tch! Leave it. Since I came out anyway, I'll go on a stroll." Bora Tusk stared to his left and observed a colony of Zingers. He licked his lips and launched himself, making a beeline towards the mountain; he engaged in a slaughter, all to curb his desire for murder.

Vuhal was used to such a sight. And once Bora Tusk had left, he hurriedly healed his injuries, "I feel like I have aged by a decade."



Chapter 64 Unhinged

"I'm sorry you had to take a beating because of my actions." Instructor Mandu sighed and helped Vuhal.

"No, you made my work easier." Vuhal coughed once and healed his lungs, "Since you killed Mahuddu once and turned him into an elite, I have the authority to punish him for his actions. It's a lot simpler now."

"Since the Settlement Leader gave his verdict, Mahuddu's family cannot hold me accountable." Saying so, Vuhal approached the closest building and stared at Mahuddu's corpse.

The bone spear lodged in his chest came out slowly as the wounds recovered in an instant. The body became pristine, sporting no signs of injuries. It was basically a rebirth, the speciality of the Life Stage.

"You…Bastard!" Mahuddu glared at Instructor Mandu, "You destroyed decades of my cultivation. I'll make you pay…"

"Mahuddu, tell the truth. Why did you sabotage Lady Asaeya?" Vuhal extended his hand and unleashed his Prana, constricting Mahuddu's body, preventing him from moving.

"I didn't, promise!" Mahuddu shuddered. Since he regressed to the Body Stage, he was unable to endure a master's suppression, trembling from Vuhal's aura, "I suddenly fell asleep…"

"Well, let's have that as the cause." Vuhal nodded and retracted his Prana.

"Vuhal…" Instructor Mandu muttered.

"Then," Vuhal announced calmly, "For your dereliction of duty and carelessness that harmed Lady Asaeya, I hereby sentence you to 40 years of community service."

"40…" Mahuddu's face paled in response to the verdict. It was called community service, but it was no different from slave labour in the Empyrean Tusk's stomach where he would have to mine resources without rest.

He would be unable to cultivate. And every unit of Prana he expends would be a unit lost, for he would barely be provided enough food to sustain his body, not to mention recover his expended Prana. Forty years in such an environment ensured his future as a cultivator was no more.

His cultivation would regress to the early Body Stage, no different from a graduated student. Even though he had a long life thanks to his Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the Clan would no longer grant him cultivation resources.

Unless he contributes enough and makes a positive image of himself once again, he'll be neglected by the Clan. Moreover, anyone that performed community service was so traumatised that they no longer had the will to cultivate again.

"Don't you know who my father is?" In fear, Mahuddu had no other choice but to pull the father card.

"I know," Vuhal said calmly and unleashed a wave of Prana, contacting someone, "The Settlement Leader passed down a judgement. Let me check if your father wishes to go against Settlement Leader's orders for your sake."

He was contacting Mahuddu's father. A couple of seconds later, Vuhal sported a stunned expression.

"What happened?" Instructor Mandu asked.

"Well…" Vuhal coughed awkwardly and stared at Mahuddu with pity, "His father told me to extend the community service to sixty years."

"Let this be a lesson to him. I'm embarrassed already since his contribution to the Clan has been negligible as of late." Vuhal stared at Mahuddu, "This was your father's exact words."

"Well, I'll be on my way, Mandu. Don't give up hope. Think of something to help your student." Saying so, Vuhal carried Mahuddu and vanished.

"Inala…I'm sorry." Instructor Mandu sighed as he reverted to his human form and dejectedly returned to his home. In the meantime, to avoid giving a rash to the 44th Empyrean Tusk, Asaeya's request to stay beside Inala was rejected.

She was escorted to her Settlement by a group of elites.

Two days passed in such a fashion as Inala woke up without much trouble. He stared at his legs, unable to feel anything in them, "They're completely busted."

He closed his eyes and sensed his body's condition, surprised, 'My Prana grew by 13 units?'

"Well, that's good." He smiled and activated his Mystic Bone Art, beginning to heal his injuries. He wasn't even concerned with the injury. Rather, he was excited. Had his legs been destroyed a couple days ago, he would have become depressed.

But now, he was a completely different person, 'My efficiency in using the Spirit Reinforcement Skill would improve. Since in my current state, my Fragment Disease is flaring up more than usual. Training now would strengthen my Spirit Containers. I can also take this chance to progress Imprint Acceptance.'

"Moreover," He grinned, 'I'll accumulate this healing experience and conceptualise another Skill through Mystic Skill Creator.'

With the Mystic Skill Creator in his possession, as long as he doesn't die, every encounter, whether good or bad was valuable, as they might allow him to derive a Skill.

That was why Inala was excited. Moreover, that was the first time in his life when he was so desperate. His emotions flared up to their peak, something that never happened in his past life of stability.

Once he woke up, the healer informed him of his situation. But Inala wasn't concerned, 'Two years? That would have been the truth if I was a normal Death Row student.'

He possessed various Skills to hasten his recovery. If he went all out, he could recover in four months. But that was only if he made healing his priority.

Inala had to earn Parute Fruits through his portraits and also nurture Asaeya. 'Even in that situation, she was able to quickly calm down and remain patient until she was rescued. That isn't something a kid her age could do.'

'Moreover, she trusted me enough to place her life in my hand. And before I fainted, I could feel her concern for my well-being. She was crying for my sake. She's perfect. I cannot ask for a better disciple.' He was further assured of taking her under his tutelage. With that in mind, Inala requested a wheelchair from the infirmary and calmly returned home, resuming his work.

"Gannala, I thought of something," Inala muttered in inspiration.

…

'She has changed.' Virala thought, sneakily opening his eyes after a steamy session with Ruvva. He was supposed to have fainted once again, but Virala had dosed himself with enough medicine to not faint.

He observed Ruvva calmly dress herself and leave the house. An hour later, she returned with a basket of Mud Viper eggs and entered Granny Oyo's office room to train in secrecy. 'So, this is what she has been doing in secret. Oyo disappeared for some reason, leaving Ruvva in charge of everything here.'

Virala recalled her plot from Sumatra Chronicles, 'Awakening? Already? What was the trigger? In the book, she awakened only after the First Major Disaster.'

After a moment of confusion, he calmed down, 'Well, there are enough reincarnates to act as variables. All our actions might have caused a chain reaction to spark her awakening prematurely.'

"Well, it doesn't matter. My plans are in a state of automatic progression now." Saying so, Virala picked up a book and continued reading it. The book was an epic detailing the Mammoth Clan's Ancestor, a tale of her youth.

It was depicted as an autobiography, but treated as fiction by the Mammoth Clan, because it was about events so far in the past, unable to be verified. Despite that, the Mammoth Clan valued the book, for the story detailed in it was entertaining and also valuable.

It taught one the best way to live as a Mammoth Clansmen. Hence, the book was part of every student's curriculum. Everyone had a copy of it, including Virala. And these days, all he had been doing was reading the book while maintaining his Mystic Bone Art.

Soon, a set of words formed in his mind as Virala muttered, "Talk to me, Empyrean Tusk."

An intense headache plagued him; for an instant, a connection was formed. And in that short window, three words had been transmitted to his mind, making Virala grin.

[My Son, Virala!]



Chapter 65 Spirit Moss Cultivator

In a long, narrow tunnel, faintly lit by moss traversed a stream of water, barely three metres wide. A boat had been travelling on it, moved by its weak currents. Its edges were rugged, covered by moss, and damaged over extended use. The texture was coarse as tiny, hair-thick spikes jutted out of the material due to wear and tear, sharp enough to prick fingers.

Seated on it was Blola, exuding an air of depression. He had been in this dull, humid environment for six months, causing his already gloomy aura to worsen further. On the boat was a few kilograms of Spirit Moss, a treasure valuable enough for cultivators to kill.

But now, they lay before him, uncared for. Blola consumed nothing apart from Spirit Moss for the past six months, fed up by now. Spirit Moss wasn't tasty in the first place. And having consumed the same for so long pretty much killed his taste buds.

With his tongue dead, his depression only worsened. But, that was the extent of his issues. His gains vastly overshadowed that.

First of all, the consumption of Spirit Moss strengthened his Spirit Containers, allowing him to build up Prana at a rapid pace while offsetting the issues brought by the Fragment Disease. As a result, Blola had already reached the peak of Spirit Stage, now possessing 100 Prana.

His Spirit Containers were robust to the extent that even when he is rattled by something, they wouldn't crack. He had consumed enough Spirit Moss to not worry about his Spirit Containers breaking at his current cultivation.

In the future though, when the quantity of Prana in his body is vastly higher than the current amount, the pressure on his Spirit Container would be significant. He would have to consume more Spirit Moss to endure that level of pressure. But, that was merely an issue for the future.

Blola already had a solution in place for that.

Secondary Nature—Spirit Moss Cultivator!

By consuming only Spirit Moss for six months while cultivating his Mystic Bone Art nonstop, he gained this nature.

An entity's Nature was pretty much how it existed in its natural state. A fish swam in the water. A bird flew. A spider weaved web. That was how they existed innately, their primary nature.

The Primary Nature possessed by the Pranic Beasts was pretty much that, their state of existence manifested by their Prana.

Therefore, the most-definite way to gain a Nature was to subject oneself to an extreme environment and adapt to it. Once their body adapts to the environment, surviving there becomes a part of themselves.

Thereby, their Prana manifests that into a Nature. But this needs an extreme case where the entirety of the body focuses on only adapting to the extremity.

Blola had done exactly that, surviving on a diet solely of Spirit Moss. Of course, a large contribution to the success was the Mystic Bone Art that allowed him to consume and assimilate such large quantities of Spirit Moss.

It was one of the best cultivation techniques for a reason. And Mammoth Clansmen could gain Natures from extreme situations related to consumption. This was a proven fact already.

Though, living in the Settlements wasn't an extreme situation. Therefore, Mammoth Clansmen never capitalised on their advantage. Of course, it was also due to their ignorance. Having been living all their lives on an Empyrean Tusk where the environmental conditions were perfect for their survival, they never explored this aspect of the Mystic Bone Art.

After the 44th Empyrean Tusk dies and the 20 survivors of the 44th Settlement had to fend for themselves without the aid of an Empyrean Tusk, they eventually figure this out. But it takes them a century to do so.

And Resha was the one that figured it out, obviously. Closely before the Fourth Major Disaster began, after raiding multiple Mud Viper Nests to refine their toxin into an Elixir, Resha arrives at the Ennoudu Plains.

There, he stumbles upon this tunnel filled with Spirit Moss and spends the next few years in it. By sustaining himself with an exclusive diet of Spirit Moss, he ends up gaining the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

A cultivator could gain three Natures in total. There wasn't any difference in the Natures of Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary. They were just names for the slots. Generally, by the naming scheme followed in Sumatra, Primary Nature was reserved for the ability they gain from fusing with a Pranic Beast.

For the Pranic Beasts, it was the nature they were born with, hence the term primary. Mutated Pranic Beasts would gain a Secondary Nature. And very few individuals that satisfy extreme requirements obtain a Tertiary Nature.

As Resha already obtained Spirit Moss Cultivator as a Nature, there was no need to experiment. Blola only followed whatever was written in Sumatra Chronicles and behold, he obtained it too.

Spirit Moss Cultivator was an ability semi-combative in nature. If Blola activates it on a Pranic Beast, a layer of Spirit Moss would grow on the target by consuming its flesh and Prana.

The greater the quality of the Spirit Beast, the greater the quality of Spirit Moss obtained. But as it needs to be alive, there was some trickiness involved in using the Secondary Nature.

Though if the need arises, Blola could pretty much activate the ability on trees. But, the Spirit Moss grown this way was useless. Even for a student, the effects upon consumption would not be worth it.

The Spirit Moss would have to continue growing on the trees for a long period of time, anywhere from a century to a few centuries. Only after that would it reach the level of Spirit Moss he had been consuming.

If he could grow it on the body of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the maturity duration would only be a few years. 'I don't need to worry about it for the time being. I have already consumed enough to last for ten years of my growth.'

His Spirit Containers were now robust enough to withstand 10 years' worth of Prana that he would be accumulating in the future.

As he had such thoughts, the water current vanished. Blola felt his mood improve upon noticing that he had reached the end of the tunnel—a dome-like cave.

The dome-like cave was massive, spanning a couple kilometres in radius. Most of the ground area was covered by a pond. The water from the stream fed into this pond. Luminescent moss covered the floor of the lake, causing it to sparkle, keeping the cave brightly lit.

Blola inhaled the fresh air, feeling his Prana stir up in response. There were faint traces of Prana in the air, something that never happens anywhere in Sumatra, "That's only because of this phenomenon."

At the centre of the pond was an island, barely spanning two hundred square metres in area. On it grew an old, wilted tree, the target of Blola's excitement, "It's here,"

"One of Resha's fortuitous encounters!"



Chapter 66 Parute Seed

In Sumatra Continent, the strength of a Mammoth Clansmen was vastly superior as compared to a cultivator from a kingdom.

Mammoth Clansmen that had fused with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast were even stronger, with each master having the power and authority to talk on par even with ministers and Kings at a higher cultivation base.

And in this power structure came Resha, possessing the power of an Empyrean Tusk, a Pranic Beast at the peak of the Gold Grade. He had an insane lifespan of two millennia, boasted Prana reserves multiple times greater than the strongest cultivators, and could become an Empyrean Tusk, a titan whose dimensions were measured in kilometres.

That wasn't all. He had three Natures, each strong individually, but were synergetic with one other, resulting in an overpowered existence. Towards the end of Sumatra Chronicles, Resha was such a powerhouse that the only way to threaten him was to swarm him.

He was capable of handling an entire nest of Mud Vipers individually. Such was his strength.

No matter what one conceptualised to become strong, Resha's example was the perfect formula to become an overpowered existence. Therefore, Blola followed Resha's example religiously.

'Resha is an overpowered existence. But even he was killed by the Boar King. Let's not think about that broken character.' Blola shook his head.

He had analysed Sumatra Chronicles many times. There existed no route that allowed him to grow stronger than Resha. Therefore, Blola judged it impossible to win against the Boar King, 'I'm not smart enough anyway. So, I'll let the other reincarnates tackle the Boar King's issue. My only goal is to become as strong as Resha.'

Blola had no intention to return to the Mammoth Clan. Once the Boar King starts targeting them, everything would be destroyed. He only intended to flee far away and settle in a large human empire.

As long as he had Resha's strength, becoming Emperor wasn't an issue. He will hide and suppress his nature as a Mammoth Clansman and enjoy a life of royalty. 'My Tertiary Nature should be something that can suppress my aura as a Mammoth Clansman from the Boar King.'

That was his end goal. For that future to become a reality, he needed to steal Resha's fortuitous encounters. With that in mind, Blola rowed his boat over the lake and reached the island in its centre.

He got down on the island and inhaled slowly, vitalised by the dense Prana in the air, "The cultivation environment here is the best. Sadly, that would end now."

Saying so, Blola extended his hand and touched the wilted tree, watching it collapse into dust. He calmly prodded through the dust and picked up a nail-sized seed.

Parute Seed!

Parute Trees were a mysterious resource of Sumatra. No one could determine why or how they formed, but at certain locations in the world, they grew.

Once it reaches maturity, a Parute Tree would bear Parute Fruits, the currency of the world. A Parute Tree was pretty much a perennial creature, an endless money bank. But if the Parute Tree receives even the slightest extent of damage, it wilts and dies.

It was the most valuable but also the most fragile existence for something that could live forever. A Parute Tree would grow anywhere the world wills. Its fruits didn't have a seed in them. Therefore, it was impossible to create a farm of Parute Trees.

That was what the world knew. But in truth, there existed a secret.

If, after a Parute Tree reaches maturity and bears Parute Fruit, not even a single fruit was plucked out, something strange happens. Instead of bearing more Parute Fruits, since it already bore a full load, the Parute Tree would collate more Prana in the fruits.

Once the fruits reach a fracture point, unable to store any more Prana, the Parute Tree absorbs everything, causing the fruits to wilt. But before they rot, Prana gushes into the fruits once again, revitalising them to the peak, followed by a wilting soon after, repeating the cycle for a million years.

And after the last cycle, the Parute Fruits wilt. But this time, they vanish. All their Prana has been absorbed into the tree which too begins to wilt.

The branches and roots wilt as the entirety of its essence is condensed in its stem, forming a seed. This was the Parute Seed. It could be planted anywhere. And when done so, the result would be a Parute Tree that was the king of its species.

Every single Parute Fruit it bore would generate one unit of Prana upon consumption, hundred times the effectiveness of regular fruit. But, its existence itself was dangerous, as the Parute King Tree's presence would be felt by every single existence in a ten-thousand-kilometre radius.

The strongest of Pranic Beasts would fight to gain ownership of it. If Blola were to plant it, he would lose ownership of it immediately. "But, even Resha didn't do that."

Smiling, Blola picked it up and threw it in his mouth, activating his Mystic Bone Art as he consumed the Parute Seed.

As Parute Fruits were valuable and could raise one's cultivation the fastest and safest, they were always consumed. There pretty much existed an owner for all Parute Trees. As the fruits were always consumed, the condition for the creation of a Parute Seed was never satisfied.

The sole exception was the one before him. And it only succeeded because it was located in the Ennoudu Plains, a region without any resources necessary to sustain life. Therefore, no living being lived in such a barren place.

The irony is that a Parute Seed that was created after no interaction for a million years was consumed immediately after.

Blola felt immense vitality fuse into his Prana as he began to digest the Parute Seed. The effect of the Parute Seed, upon consumption, was simple but overpowered.

It systematically raised one's cultivation. As long as Blola consumed food to generate Prana through the Mystic Bone Art, he would fill up his reserves. Once his reserves were full, any Prana he accumulates would pretty much be built atop that, into his Spirit Container, permanently increasing his Prana capacity.

With it, Blola would be able to accumulate Prana the fastest and without any effort. The Parute Seed would build up his Prana.

Accumulating Prana at a rapid pace would place too much pressure on the Spirit Container and even cause its collapse. But with the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator, that too was taken care of.

These two effects synergised together and caused Resha to grow stronger at rocket speeds, pretty much how a Main Character did his thing.

A day later, Blola finished fusing the Parute Seed with his body, fully gaining its power, "From today onwards, my cultivation speed would be on par with Resha from the book. That means,"

He laughed raucously, "The Resha of this timeline wouldn't be able to keep up with my speed. The other reincarnates aren't even worth mentioning, hahaha!"



Chapter 67 Duvara’s Mistake

"Shit! Shit! Shit! This is messed up!" A middle-aged man with reddened eyes rushed through a canyon, having transformed into a Shock Lizard. His serpentine lower half paddled through the water, allowing him to move quickly.

He was accompanied by seven other people. They had all transformed into a Shock Lizard, moving through the waters in an octagonal formation, their actions in unison.

In the centre of the formation was a box, sealed tight to ensure none of Prana, aura, sound, scent, etc. would leak out. There was a nozzle on one side, covered by a piece of porous bone, a Spirit Weapon whose entire job was to ensure circulation of air while filtering out the presence of the entity within.

The eight cultivators desperately rushed through the canyon, intending to survive. But their eyes said otherwise.

Anger! Sadness! Sense of Doom! And Disappointed in Themselves!

A multitude of emotions plagued their minds, wearing them thin. They had been on the run for a month already.

"This can't be true. If yes, then what are we fighting for?" The man at the forefront mumbled, losing his sanity, on the verge of madness, "This is messed u…"

"Duvara! To the front!" The woman next to him bellowed, also alerting her comrades. The group had arrived close to a Zinger colony, obviously garnering the latter's undivided attention.

A bunch of Zingers jumped from their position on the cliff and glided towards them, preparing Prana Bombs to chuck at the group.

Seeing their approach, the eight cultivators inhaled sharply and condensed Prana in their mouths before blasting out a bolt of Prana each.

Primary Nature—Prana Shock!

The bolts of Prana flew in the air. But unlike the Prana Shock typically unleashed by Mammoth Clansmen, these eight bolts synchronised with each other and combined into a single bolt, dozens of times larger.

It exploded, unleashing shockwaves that echoed throughout the canyon, unleashing eight waves in total, causing the Zingers to rain down from the sky, their bodies numb by the repeated shockwaves.

It was obvious that the group of cultivators were veterans with tremendous skill, capable of combining their Prana Natures to unleash an ability dozens of times more potent than their individual attacks.

As the Zingers rained down, the group evaded them and rushed through the water, accelerating. The bottom portion of the cage sported fourteen layers of bone, each the Spirit Weapon of one of the cultivators in the group.

Yes, fourteen. Their squad originally consisted of fourteen cultivators. But six were killed already. And the cause…

"YOU! BASTARDS! STOP!" A rage-filled shout reverberated throughout the canyon as a middle-aged man rushed through, transforming into a four-legged Pranic Beast that spanned a length of twenty metres.

It wasn't alone. Ten…twenty…hundred…the numbers continued to increase. The air in the region turned heavy with their killing intent as any Zinger that remained in their path was vaporised. They were all masters, after all.

The target of the masters was the group of eight rushing through the canyon. There were around 180 kilometres of distance between the two. But that distance didn't matter when they had amongst themselves masters who could transform into Pranic Beasts specialised in detection abilities.

They kept track of the group and gave chase, slowly closing in the distance. But every second of delay caused their killing intent to condense further.

The Zingers retreated in fear, knowing very well to avoid antagonising the raging crowd of masters that numbered in the hundreds.

The crowd of masters rushed past a mountain of Zingers, causing some that were hanging by the cliffs to foam at the mouth due to the killing intent, lose their footing and free fall to the ground.

"Kieeek!"

"Kuaak!"

The Zingers shrieked, turning restless by the activity. But they didn't even have time to calm down, as a couple of hours later, they noticed in the horizon, a dust cloud. It was akin to a monster that devoured everything in its path.

The Zingers were alarmed by the sight. In the colony was a Zinger King, the strongest of their kind, a mighty existence that could even face a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast and emerge victorious.

But now, its fur stood on ends as the Zinger King felt the strongest dread it had ever experienced. It had the strongest eyesight among its brethren, capable of clearly observing things even a hundred kilometres afar.

The dust cloud wasn't the cause of its concern. No, it was merely an after-effect due to the cause. As the dust cloud reached Dieng Canyon, the mountains that came in contact crumbled, as if they were mere straw structures.

The collapsed mountains added to the dust cloud.

The Zinger King condensed Prana in its eyes and boosted its sight, peering through the thick layer of clouds. It regretted its decision, despairing as it uttered a weak cry, "Kua!"

Its voice was soft, but all the Zingers in the colony heard it loud and clear. In an instant, they assumed the highest state of panic and jumped over the cliff en masse, gliding deeper into the canyon at their fastest speed.

The Zinger King didn't join them as it remained still. And then, like a human, it prostrated on the ground, "Uwaa!"

Its actions were akin to a mortal worshipping a Deity, for what was within the dust cloud was an existence more corporeal than Deities.

It was a herd of sprinting, rage-induced, bloodthirsty Empyrean Tusks, numbering 62 in total. Their trunks hoisted, ready for war, unleashing shockwaves that destroyed entire mountains and turned them into dust that accompanied their charge.

The raging Empyrean Tusk herd rushed through the Dieng Canyon, levelling everything in their way, forging a path of their own, one hundreds of kilometres wide, practically terraforming the landscape of the historical region.

Before the dust cloud even approached it, the shockwaves from the Empyrean Tusk herd's trumpeting vaporised the Zinger King's body. As for its brethren that had taken flight? They too were the same, not even able to let out a cry before their bodies turned into blood mist.

The shockwaves travelled forth, levelling everything. Pranic Beasts, mountains, rivers, nothing mattered. Everything was destroyed in a fit of rage as the Empyrean Tusk herd charged, chasing after the group of eight cultivators that were running away.

The reason was simple. In the cage securely being transported by the group of eight cultivators was a newborn Empyrean Tusk. The herd that lost their newborn chased after the kidnappers.

And the leader of these kidnappers was a distraught man named Duvara, Resha's father. His actions triggered an entire herd of Empyrean Tusks and the associated Mammoth Clan into a frenzy, and a mere side effect of their actions caused a chain reaction throughout Dieng Canyon.

The product of that was the First Major Disaster.



Chapter 68 Prime Skills

"They're closing in on us." The one that shouted was Lahena, Resha's mother. She was in charge of scouting and supplying the group with Prana. Hovering next to her was an Eight-Storey Storage Lantern. At a thought from her, it reverted to its original size as the door on the third floor opened, causing Parute Fruits to spill out like a stream.

Lahena used her Prana to split the Parute Fruits into eight streams and fed them to everyone in the group. She munched and swallowed her portion, hurriedly activating the Mystic Bone Art to convert them into Prana.

"What's the distance?" Duvara asked, experiencing pain throughout his body, for he had overextended his transformation duration. His Spirit Container was under significant pressure, beginning to sport cracks. He looked at his team members, 'Dammit! All of us are in a similar state. Can we throw off our pursuers and somehow return to the settlement?'

"175…174…no, it's already 173 Kilometres. They're approaching fast!" Lahena said in a fluster, "They're all masters, so their speed is indeed superior to ours."

"There's only one way left then," Duvara expressed a moment's hesitation before gritting his teeth, "I'm sorry, everyone. We can be condemned for all history. But our settlement's future rides on this."

"Say the word, Duvara. We're all in on this." Vuya, the woman next to Lahena sported a determined expression. She was Virala's mother, "We're all prepared to sacrifice ourselves."

"No, I'm not talking about us." Duvara sighed, "Bora Tusk sent us on this mission. We accepted it knowing very well what's at stake. Sacrificing our lives isn't an issue."

He faced back and stared in the direction of the approach taken by their pursuers, "But not them. We're robbing their future. They too are Mammoth Clansmen. So, I can feel their pain. I just…wish to apologise for what we're about to do next."

"They'll never forgive us, Duvara." Mya, Orakha's mother stated calmly. She was at the back of the group, staring at the cage containing the baby Empyrean Tusk in desperation, "No matter what, this should reach our Clan. Give the orders, Duvara!"

"I'm grateful, everyone. Once I deliver the baby Empyrean Tusk to our Clan, I'll join you guys." Duvara shed tears as he stared at a man and woman that were at the back of the octagonal formation, "Apar and Mya, please lay down your lives for our future."

"We'll be glad to do so." Apar, Yennda's father saluted as he broke out of the formation and rushed into an adjacent ravine on their left. At the same time, Mya broke out and rushed into the ravine on their right.

Apar sensed the team rush past him as he arrived at a halt before a mountain, staring at the densely populated Zinger colony, sighing in relief upon sensing a Zinger King's presence among them, 'There's a Zinger King here. It means this colony has a sizeable military. It's enough to give our pursuers a headache.'

"My Deity, the Empyrean Tusk, as a humble servant of yours, I pledge my everything." At his words, his Mystic Bone Art flared up and consumed him, "My flesh, my mind, my soul, consume everything and transform it into Prana for one final push!"

In a matter of seconds, his body shrivelled up until even his bones were combusted, losing all their mass. His lifeforce was wholly consumed while he lost his sanity. His entirety was channelled into his Primary Nature, combining it with a Skill to unleash a brand-new effect, mutating his Prana Shock.

Prime Skill—Acoustic Shock!

By fusing a Skill into a Primary Nature, the cultivator can alter the effects of the Primary Nature into something deadlier. The result was termed Prime Skill. Only the best of the best among cultivators would reach such a level, a rarity even among Mammoth Clansmen.

The eight cultivators of the group that were alive and their six dead members had attained such a level. That was why they were dispatched by Bora Tusk on a secret mission to return with a baby Empyrean Tusk.

And other than Bora Tusk, these fourteen cultivators were the only ones that knew about Gannala's ageing self.

All that remained of Apar was his skin that plopped on the ground. Everything else of his being had been consumed, resulting in a shining sphere of Prana that floated high up in the air, reaching a kilometre in altitude.

It pulsated, unleashing eight waves in total. The energy waves became high-pitched sounds, grating to one's senses to the extent that their Spirit Containers rattled. The waves spread in a conical form, traversing more than ten kilometres before they became too dispersed to be effective.

But that was enough, for they had enveloped three mountains in their effect.

"Kieek!" The Zingers shrieked at the sound, irritated by it as they lost their sanity, leaping from their mountain to fly away. To avoid the effects of the sound waves, they wished to move away from the source and hence flew in the same direction as the waves' propagation.

After all, the farther they fled from the source, the weaker the waves became. They had instinctively done so, for the sounds turned them insane, unable to entertain cognitive thoughts. And in the direction they fled towards were the charging Mammoth Clansmen masters whose Empyrean Tusk baby had been stolen.

Apar's actions caused almost 40,000 Zingers to flee. Mya had better positioning and hence was able to make more than 50,000 Zingers flee. The two groups joined into a wave that proceeded towards the charging masters.

The canyon was filled with them, slowing down the masters.

"Destroy these bastards!" A master at the forefront commanded coldly, unwilling to slow down for even a moment and allow the poachers to flee further, "Kill everything in our way."

The masters rained attacks on the Zingers, causing a bloody battle to break out.

"Two hundred kilometres." Lahena said in tears, "That's all we bought from their sacrifice. The masters have begun closing the gap once again."

"Guess it's our turn." Banna, Grehha's mother said, arriving at a stop in a narrow ravine.

Accompanying her was Roha, Blola's father. The duo sacrificed themselves in the same manner as Apar and Mya. But the effects of their ability were slightly different.

Two blinding spheres of Prana were created that each seeped into the cliff walls and vanished. Even the Zingers there stared in confusion, wondering why nothing happened. But what they didn't know was that these abilities were timer based, capable of masking their existence until they went off.

After some time passed, the group of masters rushed through the narrow canyon. And right at that moment, there was a spike in Prana.

The timer had been set up based on the speed of their approach. Since the masters were efficient and consistent in their pursuit, the calculation was perfect. And at the perfect moment, the two abilities went off.

Prime Skill—Land Shock!

Shockwaves travelled throughout the two mountains at their resonant frequency, fracturing them to bits. Massive chunks of earth from the two mountains fell into the narrow canyon, covering it entirely.

The masters were buried underneath.



Chapter 69 Shock Rail

"Dammit!" A Pranic Beast twelve metres in length drilled out of the layer of earth it was buried under, bloodied. With a grunt, it reverted to its human form, revealing a middle-aged man that oozed out uncontrolled rage.

Blood dripped out of his head; he was injured in a lot of areas. His Prana circulated, beginning to heal the injuries. He turned around and saw Pranic Beasts drill out one after another, "No one died, right?"

"All masters are alive, but a lot have been injured."

"We don't have time, let's give chase. Those bastards are almost out of our detection range." The middle-aged man said and transformed into his Pranic Beast form, "Everyone! Get on my back and focus on healing yourselves. I'll be burning up my lifeforce to raise my speed to the limit."

The Pranic Beast sprinted through the canyon, carrying hundreds of masters on its back. It travelled for two hundred kilometres before dropping dead. The masters on its back had healed themselves enough by now.

Without a moment's hesitation, they jumped off and began sprinting.

In the meantime, using the time Banna and Roha had bought for them, Gahar and Vuya were working at their top speed.

They had halted at a point in the canyon that was downstream. There was an inclined slop following that, traversing for a long distance.

Gahar was Inala's father while Vuya was Virala's mother. The duo killed all the Zingers in the vicinity and refined their bones to create a large wall that they inserted into the ground at the entrance of the canyon flowing between the two mountains.

These mountains were pretty wide, spanning twenty to thirty kilometres. Therefore, the stretch of the canyon within it was long while the slope accumulated over the distance. The conditions were perfect to make a dam, which was what they did here.

The dam gate reached a height of four hundred metres, causing the canyon water to accumulate behind it. Due to the slope, the water quickly reached a decent depth, building up pressure on the dam wall.

As they had hurriedly built it, the wall wasn't strong enough to handle the accumulating water pressure. But that was fine, for they only needed it to last for a short while anyway. Once it was completed, the duo coated it with a layer of soil.

They made a great job in making it resemble part of the cliff.

"If there's an afterlife, we'll meet there." Saying so, Vuya jumped behind the dam wall and entered the water. She expended her being and collapsed as a mere bag of skin, resulting in a glowing sphere of Prana that merged into the dam wall.

In the meantime, Gahar covered the wet soil with dry soil, masking the region of all traces of there being water there. In the meantime, after the water level reached enough height thanks to the dam and filled up the canyon, water began to overflow from the upstream entrance.

This water flowed around the two mountains and converged at a spot five kilometres downstream from the dam wall and continued its flow. Now, when viewed from high up, it would seem like the stream split into two due to the two mountains and rejoined further downwards, appearing natural.

This entire setup made it seem as if the stretch of five kilometres from the node—where the two streams joined—to the dam wall was dry land. And beyond the wall was merely a ravine and not a canyon.

That was their goal. And it was executed flawlessly. They were selected for the mission for a reason.

As Gahar stood in the dry spot two kilometres away from the dam wall, he used the Mystic Bone Art to manipulate the bones of Zingers he had killed, creating a long barrel whose interior was grooved. His goal was to unleash an attack beyond his cultivation capabilities. And when he intended to do so, an idea came to mind instinctively, originating from a concept he was unaware of.

He didn't know whether or not such a concept existed, but instinctively, he was confident of its success, a strange feeling.

Following that, he created a metre-long cylindrical piece of bone with one end being hemispherical.

It was a bone bullet.

Gahar calmly loaded the bone bullet in the barrel and infused Prana into it until the limit. He took out an Elixir from his pocket and sighed at its appearance, "I wanted to gift it to Inala if I managed to return. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem likely."

As he prepared to die, a powerful instinct enveloped him, causing strange words to waft out of his mouth, the meaning unknown, but the sentiment originated from the depths of his consciousness.

"My son, I hope you succeed." His expression was solemn, sad even, his eyes moist, "Our Clan's future is riding on you. We truly sacrificed a lot to achieve that trip."

The Elixir settled in his Spirit Container, allowing him to break through to the Life Stage. Immediately in response, his Prana achieved a qualitative upgrade as Gahar exhaled softly.

As a master, his eyes focused upon the figures of the pursuers that were visible now, only a dozen kilometres away, "We're from the same Clan, but I'm sorry. I have to do this. After all, your deaths won't mean much for the Mammoth Clan's future. But my son's would. And for him to survive, our ownership of the baby Empyrean Tusk is a necessity."

"He'll be the one to prevent the Mammoth Clan's annihilation." As he spoke, faint images flickered in his head, like the initial drizzle of rain. As the seconds passed, the images became frequent, before soon, it was like a storm as an entire life's worth of memories surged in him, causing him to smile warmly, "Ahh, the fact that I can remember everything means my end's arrived."

"My son, I'll pray for you from the other side." Gahar's body shrivelled up until only his skin remained. All his power surged into the bone bullet as it shot forward, rotating thanks to the rifling in the barrel.

It blasted forth, creating a vapour cone as it broke through the speed of sound, heading towards the approaching masters at hypersonic speeds.

"What the…" One of the masters muttered in shock as everyone instinctively took on their Pranic Beast forms and raised their defence to the maximum.

The bone bullet slammed into the closest master and penetrated his body easily. A vapour cone bloomed once again as its speed dropped to sonic levels, resulting in shockwaves that sent the nearby masters slamming into the cliff walls.

Like bowling pins, they were smacked away, with those in the bullet's path shredded without resistance. The cause was simple. Every second, hundreds of minor explosions occurred behind the bone bullet, propelling it, causing it to accelerate even when it slammed into targets repeatedly.

Prime Skill—Shock Rail!

Boom!

Forty masters lost their lives directly to the bullet while the rest sustained grave injuries, incapacitated for the time being. But that wasn't the end.

The walls of the dam exploded, making the high-pressured water behind—one that had almost stacked to a height of four hundred metres—rush out like a tsunami. It drowned the masters, further adding to their injuries as they were washed away for tens of kilometres.

Many masters had fallen unconscious due to the outpour while the conscious ones fought to protect everyone. After all, their current situation was different from their initial, unstoppable selves. Therefore…

"Kuugugukakaka!" The Zingers began targeting them.



Chapter 70 The Madman, Blola

"I can't sense the pursuers anymore," Lahena said in pain as she stared at her husband, Duvara. From the original fourteen, they had been reduced to a mere two. "This is happening again…"

"Again? What do you mean by that?" Duvara asked in confusion, losing focus as his Spirit Container was on the verge of shattering.

"I'm…not sure." Lahena frowned, "It feels like I've been through this situation once already."

"Don't be foolish." Duvara grunted, "We need to hurry and bring the baby Empyrean Tusk to our Clan."

"Wait!" Lahena stopped suddenly, shrieking, "There's a Mammoth Clansman before us."

"What? How?" Duvara was stunned, "How did they catch up so quickly?"

"No, this one seems different." Lahena frowned, "He's only at the Spirit Stage."

"Spirit Stage?" Duvara looked around and noticed the Zingers calmly staring at them from the cliffs, "Out here? Alone?"

Duvara and Lahena were considered malnourished targets. The amount of Prana in them was very little. It wasn't worth the effort for a Zinger to target them. The trip it makes would be more expensive than whatever it could get from them.

That was why the two remained safe until now. Of course, they also had the strength to block any stray attacks from Zingers that thought otherwise. But that was because they were both at the peak of the Body Stage. Everyone from their team was similar.

Despite that, their numbers had been reduced to a mere two. And to think someone at the Spirit Stage roamed the Dieng Canyon alone? That was no different from flirting with death.

"He's coming!" Lahena said and stared at the corner of a mountain, her gaze turning from nervousness to shock before soon, she was excited, "Blola!"

"Blola?" Duvara was surprised, "That child is here? Did he come for us? Did he find out about our mission somehow?"

The duo quickly made their way towards Blola as Lahena stared at the latter in astonishment, "Brat! Why are you out here? Did something happen to the Clan?"

"You are…?" Blola acted like he couldn't recognise them but still expressed that they were familiar.

At his expression, Lahena introduced themselves, "I'm Resha's mother and this is his father."

"Aunty Lahena and Uncle Duvara?" Blola's eyes widened in shock, "You were alive? But the Clan said you were missing in action."

"We weren't dead, as you can see." Lahena said and got to the crux of the matter, "What are you doing out here though?"

"Training!" Blola stated as he flashed a pose, "I chanced upon a fortuitous encounter and took it."

"Fortuitous encounter?" Duvara focused on Blola, muttering in surprise, "You're on the verge of entering the Body Stage? Your Prana also feels robust. I never felt something like this before."

"Told you," Blola grinned, "Anyway, I had just finished my training and was about to return to the Clan. It's luck that I chanced upon you, uncle, aunt."

"Let me escort you safely."

"You know a way?" Lahela asked.

"I know a safe zone." Blola said proudly, "Otherwise, how do you think I survived here for so long? I can lead us directly to the Ennoudu Plains. We only need to track the herd's footprints after that and we'll join them in three months tops."

After travelling for two days, Blola brought them to a mountain. There was a boulder there. With a tug of his Prana, the boulder moved aside, revealing a dome-like cave.

There was a pond inside, and hovering on it was something that resembled a boat. Pointing at it, Blola said, "We need to travel upstream now, but don't worry. There are enough provisions along the way."

"A submarine?" Duvara muttered upon staring at the boat.

"What's that?" Lahena frowned, experiencing a migraine in response.

"I'm…not sure." Duvara muttered, "That word popped into my head the moment I stared at it."

For a moment, Blola was petrified upon hearing the word. But he regained his bearing and brought them to the boat. It was shaped like a bullet with the rear end protruding like a cup.

As Blola approached it, the hatch opened, revealing a neat interior, stunning Lahena and Duvara.

"Aunt, is that container important?" Blola asked, "There's enough space in the boat, but the added weight would slow us down."

"It's important." Lahena nodded, "Sorry, I cannot reveal the details to you, Blola. I hope you understand my reason."

"I'm almost an adult." Blola patted his chest, "I can of course understand."

"He grew up well." Lahena whispered as she stared at Blola's back, "I wonder how Resha's doing now."

"Our son too would have grown to become a spectacular cultivator."

Once everyone entered the boat, the hatch closed as Blola pedalled using his legs, causing the boat to move slowly.

"You're using your legs?" Duvara frowned.

"Of course," Blola nodded, "That's how I'm building up my strength. I can use my Prana if you wish to speed up. But first,"

He opened the hatch once the boat entered the narrow stream, pointing at the moss growing on the tunnel walls, "That's my fortuitous encounter."

"Spirit Moss?" Duvara inhaled sharply, immediately able to understand how Blola managed to forge such a robust foundation. But upon seeing Blola ignore the Spirit Moss and continue pedalling, he shouted, "Wait! Wait! Wait! Why are you not taking it?"

"Uncle, there's Spirit Moss throughout this entire stretch." Blola laughed, "From here to Ennoudu Plains. There's more than what we can consume. I have been eating enough Spirit Moss to become fed up with it. So, no need to worry. Please rest. The both of you seem tired."

"We can collect as much Spirit Moss as we want once we near the exit. That would decrease the weight we need to carry now."

"I see," Duvara nodded as he slumped on his seat and sighed in relaxation, feeling safe. The moment he realised that they were past the storm, all the accumulated exhaustion set in at once.

"Uncle, aunt, here!" Saying so, Blola handed them a bag full of Spirit Moss, "Consuming them helps replenish your Prana. Sleep after having your fill. I'll be paddling in the meantime."

"Perfect!" Lahena laughed in joy, "It's just what I wanted."

Lahena and Duvara had their fill of Spirit Moss and activated Mystic Bone Art, mending their damaged Spirit Containers. But they had been on the run for a month, relying upon excessive consumption of Parute Fruits to keep fleeing.

Therefore, a few minutes after they consumed the Spirit Moss, their eyes drooped. And soon enough, they were deep asleep. What they weren't aware of was the presence of a sleep-inducing agent on the Spirit Moss. The quantity was faint but was potent enough thanks to their exhaustion.

The boat stopped as Blola wore a mask and placed an open vial before Duvara and Lahena. It was the sleep-inducing agent. To ensure they wouldn't wake up, he was just doubling down on the effort.

Upon confirming that they wouldn't wake up, Blola revealed a wide grin and took out a spindle-shaped Spirit Weapon, causing it to hover before Duvara's forehead, gently making contact, "Don't hold this against me, Resha."

The spindle whirred in response and drilled forward.



