Chapter 261 Grehha Hauls

"Hmmm…" Grehha stared into the depths of the darkness as his figure—enveloped by an Empyrean Incubator—continued to sink.

His Tertiary Nature of Empyrean Incubator was very versatile in nature. He could store any organic substance in it and ensure it doesn't get damaged, rot, or oxidised. Whether it be food or a Pranic Beast egg, his Empyrean Incubator can preserve them all.

Moreover, he could also use it as a shield, relying on this protective bubble to defend himself. Not only was it capable of blocking all traces, but with some tweaking and some layering of Empyrean Incubators that reflect light at an overall angle of 360 degrees, he could even make it optically invisible.

He was currently using that to safely descend through the waters of the Red-Draft River. The density necessary to sink deep and the robustness to withstand the increasing water pressure was provided by his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

He arrived at a stop before a Centinger nest, staring at a dozen female Centingers remaining guard. The male Centinger that had mated with them all was currently patrolling their perimeter, intimidating any Pranic Beast that sneakily tried to target their eggs.

The female Centingers collectively protected all the eggs laid by their colony, having a shared responsibility. They didn't even bother with who among them laid which egg. They had a collective unity in this case, since all born Centingers would become part of their colony and would move together as one unit.

Grehha stopped at a distance two hundred metres away from the nest, still hidden from view. Moreover, he remained right beyond the range of their sensory Prana range, which was the same as the maximum Spirit Weapon range for all mature Pranic Beasts and peak Body Stage cultivators—180 metres.

There was still faint luminescence at his current depth, allowing him to perceive the eggs that had been laid, turning excited upon seeing a certain egg there, 'That's a Millinger egg.'

Upon hatching, that egg would birth a Millinger. Centingers had fully mapped out the path for their mutation into a Millinger. Hence, it wasn't shocking for a colony with only Centingers to lay a Millinger egg.

That was how most Millinger colonies came into existence. Upon seeing the Millinger egg, Grehha began to take action.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Viper!

Stage 1—Throat!

Grehha's throat transformed into that of an Empyrean Viper, becoming fit to use its ability without trouble.

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

A Mud Viper could spit a Mudball that would harden upon impact and trap the target. Spirit Bone was exactly that but made out of bone instead of mud. Moreover, unlike the clay form that a Mud Ball was launched, Spirit Bone could be launched in solid, liquid, and even vapour form.

Grehha emitted it in vapour form, causing it to dissolve into the river water. He cleverly positioned himself upstream and observed the Spirit Bone vapour head towards the nest of the Centingers like a cloud.

At the same time, he condensed an Empyrean Incubator and filled it with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, sending it in a certain direction. He moved in the opposite direction and remained ready.

The Empyrean Incubator began to build up pressure until its walls were unable to endure. Due to the superior internal pressure, the size of the Empyrean Incubator continued to increase, all while it remained visually invisible, positioned right beyond the sensory range of the Centinger colony's Prana detection methods.

When the Empyrean Incubator ballooned to twenty times its size, the walls ripped apart, resulting in a powerful shockwave, followed by a spike in Prana emission.

The Centingers became alert in response and directed their attention towards the source of the disturbance. All they saw was an undercurrent generated like a shockwave. Right on time, the Spirit Bone vapour dispersed across the place and solidified into large bone spikes, dense as they were infused with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Carried by the river currents, they charged towards the nest, targeting the eggs. The Centingers screeched in alarm and moved before the eggs to form a wall with their bodies. They then unleashed a volley of artillery strikes, destroying all the spikes.

But they couldn't relax, as Grehha had dispersed a lot of Spirit Bone vapour upstream. As it travelled downstream and came in range, the vapour condensed into bone spikes, resulting in a continuous downpour towards the nest, keeping the Centingers busy.

Grehha was now downstream, positioned right behind the Centingers. He sent an Empyrean Incubator floating forward, controlling it like his Spirit Weapon, subtle in its approach.

It soon entered the sensory range of the Centingers but wasn't registered in their senses, simply because they couldn't focus on their detection means and instead were using all their Prana to unleash artillery strikes.

The bone spikes were so numerous that for the time being, only when all Centingers in the colony unleashed an artillery strike was it possible to counter them. Grehha had unleashed it after calculation.

Well, it wasn't as if he himself calculated how many spikes were unleashed in a Centinger's artillery strike. It was present in the data given to everyone by Raaha. The one who verified it first was Yennda, having endured the artillery strike with his face and confirmed the numbers.

Grehha simply made plans accordingly and kept them engaged. As his Empyrean Incubator was pretty much an egg itself, it wasn't registered as a threat in the senses of the Centingers even if they managed to notice it. Besides, it was only at the edge of their range and floated aimlessly in the region, carried by the undercurrents.

Suddenly, a massive boulder headed their way, weighing many tonnes, and covered by a small layer of bone. Upon seeing it, the Centingers became restless as they pooled their strength together and exerted themselves. A stream of spikes slammed into the boulder, gradually chipping it away.

Now, they no longer had the attention span to focus on the eggs, creating a few seconds of window. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the Empyrean Incubator rapidly closed the distance and swallowed all the eggs.

It was a bubble, so all it needed to do was press itself on the eggs and cause the latter to enter it. the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity filled its interior, ensuring the eggs weren't harmed as the Empyrean Incubator did its thing and kept them safe.

With a tug from his psychokinesis, the Empyrean Incubator flew towards Grehha. He quickly brought the eggs within the Empyrean Incubator covering him and then reduced the density within.

As a result, due to the effects of buoyancy, the Empyrean Incubator accelerated towards the river's surface. Grehha then ran like a hamster in its wheel, using his muscular force to rotate the Empyrean Incubator once it reached the surface and remained like a boat.

The Empyrean Incubator rotated and sped forward as a result, allowing Grehha to reach the shore. He could have arrived faster if he used his psychokinesis to rotate the Empyrean Incubator, but Grehha was almost spent with the earlier attack. Hence, he saved the remaining Prana to ensure the eggs were kept safe in the Empyrean Incubator.

Carrying his large haul, Grehha sprinted towards the Mammoth Clan, sensing Prana broil from the Red-Draft River as Centingers surfaced one after another, managing to detect his existence.

They rushed at him, realising that he was the thief who stole their eggs.

"Save me!" Grehha shouted as he rushed past an Empyrean Tusk, making his way to the tent.

The eyes of the Empyrean Tusk shot open at his shout as it stared at the large number of Centinger eggs in Grehha's possession. Upon noticing a Millinger egg there, it displayed unconcealed pride.

A vortex formed as air was sucked into its trunk. The Empyrean Tusk then pointed it at the rushing Centingers, for a moment observing the artillery strike they had launched. Without batting an eye, it exhaled casually, unleashing a tornado.

The Centinger colony was sent flying for dozens of kilometres and plopped into the Red-Draft River, their conditions unknown. But judging by the large pools of blood reaching the surface shortly after, majority of them died to the attack.

After the attack, the Empyrean Tusk closed its eyes and resumed its nap.



Chapter 262 Bully Centinger

The competition ran for a month. In this period, many teams succeeded in getting Centinger eggs. Based on the number of eggs they obtained, a score was tallied by Raaha and displayed for everyone to see.

Every time a team succeeded and exited the Red-Draft River, the Centinger colony whose eggs were stolen followed suit, chasing after the thieves. Unfortunately for them, the moment they came ashore and dared to target the Mammoth Clansmen, the Empyrean Tusks bombarded them with fierce gales, sending them flying.

The shockwave was so strong due to the compressed air that it was visible to the naked eye. The column of air, upon coming into contact with a Centinger colony, sent them flying, causing their blood to rain in response due to the sheer force behind the impact.

Their organs crushed, carapace shattered, their survival unknown, Centingers rained like pebbles into the Red-Draft River. Those that survived the impact were too injured to defend themselves, hence becoming food for other predatory Pranic Beasts.

Also taking advantage of the chaos was a Centinger, influenced by its Secondary Nature as it coiled around a wounded Centinger and suddenly cleaned its mandibles, surprising the latter.

After the mandibles was the carapace, then the centipede upper body, and eventually the shell. Once the cleaning was concluded, the Centinger defended the injured one from predatory Praic Beasts, appearing too strong.

Its body was heavy and generated strong undercurrents with every swing of its centipede upper body. Even when a Pranic Beast clamped upon it, there wasn't even a dent. Its body was too dense for the predator's teeth to sink in.

An artillery strike later, the predator was riddled with holes. Every single spike it shot out weighed over a hundred kilograms, possessing too much momentum that it shredded apart all enemies in the vicinity.

Despite being a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the strength it displayed was easily at the Gold Grade. It then approached the wounded Centinger and licked the latter on the face.

The wounded Centinger was confused by this strong Centinger's actions that made no sense. But after a few minutes of such nonsense, Prana suddenly surged into its body from the strong Centinger.

The wounded Centinger noticed something was amiss in its body and intended to escape but was suddenly bound by the stronger Centinger's centipede upper body. It was unable to escape as slowly, its flesh, blood, and bones began to compress, melting into a condensed form.

A couple of minutes later, the wounded Centinger transformed into a Nature Weapon. Excitedly, the stronger Centinger swallowed it and equipped the Nature Weapon in its Tertiary Nature slot.

The Tertiary Nature was used as fuel for its Primary Nature, strengthening it further. Wounds riddled its body from the repeated fights, not to mention its depleting Prana reserves.

Suddenly, knowledge of Mystic Bone Art filled its mind, allowing it to consume biomass and rapidly digest it to replenish its Prana. With a stomach strengthened by Mystic Bone Art, the Centinger observed greater efficiency when it munched on its usual food—sea moss.

As a result, it was able to generate Prana at a faster rate, heal itself of all its injuries, and resume hunting for more Centingers.

From time to time, a poor Centinger would slam into the water, sent reeling by an Empyrean Tusk casually. It would be severely wounded, becoming the perfect prey.

Once the strong Centinger satisfied all conditions, it activated its Secondary Nature of Weaponisation to transform the wounded Centinger into a Nature Weapon and consumed it, using it as fuel once again.

It continued with this process until its Primary Nature reached the Gold Grade. Originally, Virala assumed it would evolve at this point, but that didn't happen.

As he pondered, he understood the reason. Body, Mind, and Soul; the combination of all three energies resulted in Prana.

Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were akin to animals, driven by instinct. Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were sentient in nature, having intelligence on par with humans. Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were superior to humans, with their intelligence and computational capacity on superhuman levels.

Currently, the Centinger's Primary Nature reached Gold Grade and only that. Its mind was still at the Silver Grade, having the same limitations as Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. Its body too wasn't as robust as a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

The affinity between a Gold Grade Pranic Beast and its Prana was on a whole other level, allowing it to regenerate body parts in a matter of seconds, vastly superior as compared to Silver grade Pranic Beasts.

It could also generate Prana at a faster rate, with the generation efficiency a whole notch higher. The Centinger was still at the Silver Grade in these areas.

Finally, the aspect of the Soul. This could be considered a mixture of Primary Nature, Spirit Container, and Lifeforce.

Moments before her death, when the previous Gannala talked to Inala, she explained how Inala's Lifeforce, generated from the entirety of his lifespan would barely amount to a day or two for Gannala.

Hence, it was futile for him to feed her Life Bombs—ones capable of birthing a queen—rich with his Lifeforce.

The Centinger's Lifeforce was still at the Silver Grade. Its Spirit Container too was in the shape of its Silver Grade form and showed no signs of growing into a Millinger's Spirit Container.

Hence, it could be stated that only a third of the Centinger's Soul had reached Gold Grade. Only when the entirety of its Soul reaches Gold Grade would its evolution occur and influence its Body and Mind.

And when all three parameters reach the Gold Grade, the Centinger would become a Millinger.

This was also the reason Virala's strength was only at the Gold Grade, despite his Secondary Nature reaching the Mystic Grade. It was because his Body, Mind, and Soul were all modelled after an Empyrean Tusk once he reached the Body Stage.

'Does this mean the Boar King wouldn't sense anything even if I were to cultivate its Primary Nature to the Mystic Grade?' Virala had the thought, but he didn't focus on it for the time being.

The deadline for the contest was soon approaching. He didn't have enough time to cultivate the Primary Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery to Mystic Grade. After all, the source was a Silver Grade Nature. Therefore, it would require him thousands of the same to be used as fuel.

It would take Virala many years to gather that much, especially since without the Mammoth Clan's activity in the Red-Draft River, there wouldn't be any wounded and on-the-verge-of-death Centingers for him to take advantage of.

'Guess I'll stop here for the time being.' Thinking as such, Virala influenced the Centinger to target a nearby Centinger colony. With its superior Primary Nature, its attacks were devastating.

And with its body reinforced by Internal Inertial Gravity, the Centinger was unstoppable, allowing it to reach the nest and steal all the eggs. A biome formed in its stomach, in which the eggs landed, kept safe with the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity.

The eggs didn't even feel a thing, despite being moved roughly, all thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity. The Centinger colony could only stare helplessly as this bully swallowed their eggs and countered their artillery strike with its own.

And even if any of the spikes managed to land on its body, its tough carapace resisted them. Centingers had high resistance to the power of Bone-Melting Artillery. Adding onto Internal Inertial Gravity that toughened its body to the extreme, the artillery strike of other Centingers failed to wound it.

Having been in its body for close to a month, Virala had steadily stacked his influence on the Centinger, as a result, was able to give it short commands while making it think these commands were its own instinct, driving it to grow even stronger.

And now, unknowingly, the Centinger heeded Virala's command and swallowed Centinger eggs, exclusively targeting weaker colonies. He intended to gather so many Centinger eggs that the Mammoth Clan wouldn't know what to do with them.

'And with my exemplary performance, I'll become closer to Yahira.' He thought, excited.



Chapter 263 Virala Shocks the Mammoth Clan

It was the last day of the contest. The majority of the teams began to return, carrying with them their game. The expressions of the team members varied.

Some teams were brimming with joy, having had a successful harvest. There were teams brimming with envy and jealousy, for thanks to their misjudgement, they were countered by the Centingers and had to flee instead.

There were also teams with saddened expressions, having had casualties. They either targeted strong colonies or a colony with a Millinger.

The expressions of the teams filled exclusively with the Settlement Leaders were twisted, having had brutal battles with the Millingers. The eggs were close to hatching. And hence, they couldn't go for another round into the Red-Draft River.

'Hmm, good.' Raaha observed the exploits of the various teams and watched as they submitted their haul. Raaha personally inspected their conditions and only accepted eggs where the hatchling within was alive.

Stealing the eggs wasn't an issue. Transporting them back in intact conditions was the issue. Oftentimes, the eggs were damaged during the return trip under the artillery strikes of angered Centingers.

As the teams hurried, they were rough in their treatment. Since the eggs couldn't be stored in a Storage Lantern, it was obvious many would get damaged.

"Four points," Raaha announced after checking the batch of eggs submitted by a team. In response to his words, the team groaned in exhaustion and walked away.

One point was awarded for every intact Centinger egg. Hence, the number of points was a direct indicator of their success. The team that had just submitted eggs had bad luck, as out of over thirty eggs, only four were intact.

Rest all were damaged, as the entity growing within had already died.

"Come here, Grehha," Raaha spoke softly, watching a boy scurry towards him in response. Pointing at the batch of successful Centinger eggs, he said, "Store them."

"Yes, Chief." Grehha nodded and enveloped each Centinger egg with an Empyrean Incubator. He stored them individually as that was more economical.

If an egg had to be used for a Mammoth Clansman's Body Stage fusion, then only one Empyrean Incubator had to be shattered. Otherwise, if more than one egg were to be stored in an Empyrean Incubator, then the moment it is shattered, all the eggs within would begin hatching.

After enveloping the eggs in an Empyrean Incubator, they could be placed in any of the Empyrean Tusk biomes. The Prana necessary for upkeeping their function would be automatically supplied by the respective Empyrean Tusk.

That was how convenient the Empyrean Incubator was. As a result, Grehha was strategically valued by the Mammoth Clan.

One after another, the teams began to submit their haul as Grehha stored them. Soon, the teams with the Settlement Leaders began to arrive.

"This is ours," Yahard Tusk said and placed three Millinger eggs on the table.

Raaha observed them and let out a smile in contentment, "All three are in optimal condition. Three Thousand Points!"

A Millinger Egg went for a thousand points. Well, it needn't be said, since it wasn't just a Gold Grade Pranic Beast egg but a Mutated one. Currently in the entire Mammoth Clan, the only one that had fused with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast egg was Raaha.

Now, they could have more Clansmen with Gold Grade power. But of course, whether or not a Mammoth Clansman could fuse with the Millinger egg was entirely up to Raaha.

It shouldn't be looked at as a Gold Grade Pranic Beast from a strength perspective alone. The Millinger's body was massive, exceeding a length of hundred metres, and weighing dozens of tonnes.

If a Mammoth Clansman were to fuse with it, he would need an exorbitant quantity of Empyrean Tusk's tusk bone powder to build his body. And this was merely for the Body Stage.

Since he had Gold Grade strength, he would obviously be valued. Which meant that resources would have to be dedicated for his journey into the Life Stage.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the then Mammoth Clan, comprising 44 Empyrean Tusks almost went bankrupt to make Resha reach the 2-Life Stage.

Even though there were 104 Empyrean Tusks now, with two more—Gannala and Harrala—queuing up for maturity later, it would still place their resources in the red to support a Mammoth Clansman in building a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's body.

It was already a known secret that Resha had become an Empyrean Tusk. Everyone in the Mammoth Clan knew about it after the Boar King's proclamation.

Therefore, the Mammoth Clan was already straining itself to support his growth. There were also the reincarnates, all having an exorbitant need for resources, especially the tusk bone powder. Hence, Raaha had no plans to nurture a Clansman with the egg of a Millinger.

'Well, let's see how much resources Orakha and Inala gather from the Brimgan Empire.' Raaha thought. Based on that, he planned to calculate, and if it seemed possible, only then would he nurture Mammoth Clansmen with Millingers.

Anyways, with Grehha's Empyrean Incubator, storing the eggs safely wasn't an issue. And this was an opportunity that only came once a century. So, Raaha went for it.

"Heh!" Bora Tusk smirked proudly upon seeing his team rank at the top of the scoreboard. He glanced at the possession of other teams formed by Settlement Leaders, "Despite having stronger battle strength overall, their gains are inferior to ours."

'Well, it's not a surprise considering their lineup.' Raaha thought upon Bora Tusk's boast, eyeing Yahard Tusk, 'Especially since they have this guy with them.'

Yahard Tusk had the power of the Silver Empyrean Tentacle. Hence, he was special. With his power, capturing three Millinger eggs wasn't surprising.

While the teams were submitting their gains, an injured Centinger rushed out of the Red-Draft River and sprinted into a cave, the same one where Virala lured in children from three Settlements.

It was bleeding from head to toe, having suffered a lot of injuries. Due to the influence of its Secondary Nature, it came to this cave to hide and recuperate. Unfortunately for it, that signed its death sentence.

Right after it vomited all the eggs from its biome, it suddenly lost its Secondary Nature, along with all the power that the Nature brought. The figure of Virala appeared beside it and infused Prana into its body.

It was severely weakened, not having enough strength to resist. And since the conditions were cleared long ago, its resistance became futile.

"Whoa!" Virala exclaimed in shock as he evaded a blow from its centipede upper body and continued to infuse Prana into it. Slowly, its resistance weakened as its body continued to shrink, until eventually, it became a fist-sized sphere.

Gold Nature Weapon—Artillery!

Virala finished making an imprint on the Nature Weapon and pocketed it. He then used Mystic Bone Art to transform the Centinger's bones into a large trolley, creating tiny containers in it, with their bottoms cushioned using its soft flesh.

He loaded all the eggs onto the containers in the trolley, securely closed them all, and began to push the trolley forward, making his way to the tent. He stared at the scoreboard upon entering, observing the top scorer was Bora Tusk's team at three thousand points.

His arrival caused waves of shock through the Mammoth Clansmen as the trolley was massive, containing hundreds of eggs.

'He singlehandedly surpassed multiple teams of elites.' Raaha formed a subtle smile and brought out the eggs one after another, commenting upon inspecting them, "Not a single one is damaged. All are in perfect condition."

He announced, causing waves of gasps to resound from the Clansmen, "Virala's team!"

"1118 Points!"



Chapter 264 Grehha Stops Virala

"1118 Points!" Raaha's announcement echoed throughout the tent, causing the Mammoth Clansmen, both elites and masters to stare at Virala in shock, wondering who this monstrous teenager was.

'Is he like Resha?' A Settlement Leader frowned and observed Virala, inspecting the latter, 'Right, he's the same guy who argued with Resha the previous time. So, he's actually capable.'

Virala wasn't placed at the top, but his score brought him among the ranks of Settlement Leader teams. All the teams formed with Settlement Leaders only targeted Millinger eggs. Hence, their points were multiples of thousand.

Most of them were at thousand points while a few were at two thousand. Only Bora Tusk's team was at three thousand. But, it had to be noted that they hunted these Millinger Eggs in teams of five.

They were Settlement Leaders, basically the strongest Mammoth Clansman each Settlement had to offer. Virala, alone, managed to surpass the scores of most of these teams.

He didn't hunt any Millinger eggs. But he had gathered so many Centinger eggs to be placed in such a high ranking. No matter what, it was a testament to his strength.

'In the future raids for Pranic Beast eggs, he'll be sought for by the best raid teams.' The Settlement Leaders thought unanimously, silently making plans to rope him into their fold.

Virala wasn't married. His partner, Ruvva died in the First Major Disaster. And since he didn't have a kid, he was an eligible bachelor, one with endless potential.

"Grehha's team! 1028 Points!" Raaha announced next, shocking the crowd once again. Because, unlike Virala, Grehha's haul was small, with the reason for his high points being the Millinger egg he had brought.

Even though in terms of points, he was lower than Virala, in terms of contribution, he was higher. After all, he brought in a Millinger egg, something even a team of five Settlement Leaders had to risk their lives for.

Well, it made sense considering the Settlement Leaders had one Nature while Grehha had three. Moreover, all his three Natures were strong.

Raaha had made plans for Mammoth Clansmen to gain a Tertiary Nature, but the process regarding it was slow. None of the Settlement Leaders got one, since they waited to figure out a way to gain a Nature that complimented their existing power.

Simply gaining a Nature would do more harm than good, especially when thinking about the influence it had on them. Therefore, they weren't in a rush to obtain one.

While Grehha and Virala hogged the limelight with their insane haul, Yennda subtly placed his, causing Raaha to announce, "Yennda's team! 40 Points!"

It wasn't anything worth commenting about, even though such a score already overshadowed most elite teams. His score seemed lacklustre after Grehha and Virala's hauls.

"Is this the end?" A Settlement Leader muttered upon staring at the scoreboard in irritation, "Dammit, how did Yahard Tusk's team manage to get three Millinger eggs? It seems they won this contest."

"Not yet," Bora Tusk announced smugly, "There's one guy left."

Immediately in response, the attention of everyone fell on the tent's entrance, watching with bated breath as they noticed two streams of shadows, followed by a couple that sauntered in as if they owned the place, confident in their gait.

It was Resha, walking alongside Yahira, holding hands. There was an energy display as he entered the tent. Even though he didn't emit any, everyone could feel something from him, from his oozing confidence, of unquestionable presence.

'This idiot is showing off.' Raaha mentally rolled his eyes but didn't interrupt his disciple's little stunt. After all, observing what Resha had brought only made him excited.

'Bastard! Fucker! How dare you!' Killing intent exploded out of Virala, almost to an uncontrollable extent as he saw Yahira and Resha being chummy with each other. It made him realise that Resha had already become close to her long ago.

He knew her character after obsessing with Sumatra Chronicles for six years. Yahira wasn't the type to open up so quickly. The fact that she appeared pretty comfortable with Resha meant that she had opened up to him over time, implying that Resha had approached her long ago.

Resha casually walked past a Virala that was seething with murderous intent, muttering condescendingly, "Know your place,"

"Loser."

"This fucker…" Virala immediately intended to attack the eggs in Resha's possession, no matter how badly that might affect him next. He was that angry, for the character he was the most obsessed with in Sumatra Chronicles was none other than Yahira.

Ruvva and Luttrena, the women he screwed around with until now were merely stepping stones for his success. And the person he wanted to be on his successful side was none other than Yahira. But now, that option was no longer available.

Just as Virala turned around to attack, he noticed Grehha standing between them, acting nonchalant, whistling a soft tune. His intention was clear, and that was to ensure Virala couldn't harm Resha, even though the likelihood of it happening was nil.

"Are you on his side, bastard?" Virala took in a deep breath to control himself, trying his best to rein in his irrational impulse.

"I'm on my side, and mine alone." Grehha remained steady, his tone one of admonishment, "Are you willing to screw everything you built for a petty reason?"

"Petty reason?" Virala felt rage building up in him, about to explode at any moment. But when he felt multiple eyes on him, he calmed down, his rage strangely settling down, "You're right, Grehha."

"This isn't worth it."

"Well, you said it yourself." Grehha shrugged and turned around, pulling Virala closer to whisper, "Yahira is Resha's wife. He approached her on the day of our merger. So, you have no chance with her. Forget anything you've planned to woo her. That path is a dead end."

"You…seriously?" A couple of seconds later, Virala asked in shock, "They've already been in a relationship for that long?"

"You should have expected it the day you made a move on Ruvva." Grehha said, "Resha isn't an idiot. Don't underestimate the guy we raved about for six years."

He stared at Resha's back in all seriousness, "Whatever he considers as his belongs to him. Anything that we think we took from him are things he himself has discarded."

"Ruvva, Oyo…" Grehha iterated a list, "You see the pattern here? They're unnecessary for his growth. So, he didn't bother wasting his time and energy on them."

"I'm not an idiot. You needn't explain in detail." Virala snorted.

"Then act like it," Grehha chided, "Don't become arrogant just because you have become strong. That'll get you killed here. The Chief wouldn't stop Resha from killing you anymore since Blola has a breakthrough recently."

"He can revive everyone apart from Resha now," Grehha said. "Well, you can still go ahead if you wish to be controlled by Blola."

"Alright," Virala nodded, realising that the conversation distracted him from Yahira's subject, removing all the rage from his system. He stared at Grehha and asked, "Tell me what you want."

"I know you didn't help me there for no reason."

"Perfect," Grehha grinned, "I need your assistance for a little something I've been researching."

"I'll be there, no worries." Virala said and turned silent, observing Resha arrive before Raaha as he thought, 'You won this one, Resha. I'll give you that.'

For a moment, he stared at Yahira's back as his eyes expressed longing. He then sighed, 'I guess this is fate.'

'I can't become Yahira's first.' He thought as his emotions churned faintly, 'So, I'll have to do the same shit I did on Earth.'

He stared at her, 'I'll make you experience the forbidden thrill of infidelity.'



Chapter 265 Mammoth Clan’s Minor Treasures

'Why do I get a disgusting feeling…?' Resha turned around and noticed Virala staring at him, "No wonder."

"Resha's team!" Raaha announced upon seeing the eggs, his voice a notch higher, "6084 Points!"

"Holy shit!" Yennda was blown away by the number as he stared at Resha, wondering how he managed to steal six Millinger eggs and not sport a single scratch on him.

"So, that's the MC." Reading about it and witnessing it with his own eyes were two different things. He knew how dangerous the task was, having personally participated in the competition himself. But the difference in scores between him and Resha were heaven and earth apart.

'Six Millinger eggs.' Virala closed his eyes and inhaled deep breaths. 'I need to grow stronger faster. Resha is building up strength at insane speeds.'

Resha had already reached the 2-Life Stage in his past life. Hence, he possessed all the knowledge necessary to build an Empyrean Tusk body. Therefore, his progress was smooth this time. He was simply making contributions and using that to purchase tusk bone powder.

His growth was limited by solely his contribution.

In contrast, Virala had to break his head comprehending an Empyrean Tusk's body, which was a monumental task. Hence, his growth in regards to building a body was damn slow.

"In a decade, he'll reach the peak of the Body Stage." Grehha expressed his thoughts on the manner, knowing very well what Virala was thinking about. After all, he too was thinking the same.

"What about you?" Virala stared at Grehha to ask, "How long do you need to reach the peak of the Body Stage?"

"Forty years, if I were to proceed at the same pace, hopefully." Grehha said, "There will be plenty of setbacks until I reach the peak of the Body Stage. It's only smooth sailing after that."

"What about you?" He asked Virala.

"A century," Virala clicked his tongue, "At my fastest."

"That's why you should have aimed for a Silver Grade Pranic Beast like me or Inala." Grehha commented, "You'll be a sitting duck during the Fourth Major Disaster, if you were to remain alive by then, that is."

"Yeah, you can swallow your advice using your lower mouth." Virala felt irritated.

"Hmm?" Grehha raised an eyebrow and tilted forward, staring Virala in the eye, "Don't tell me…As I thought, holy shit."

"You probably have an idea to hasten the process…hey, don't go. Answer me, will you?" Grehha said, watching Virala walk away. Staring at Virala's back, Grehha revealed a knowing smile, 'Alright, this weasel knows something. I should focus on him for the time being and extract his secret.'

This was pretty much why he helped Virala. It was to create an opportunity for Virala to slip up and reveal sensitive information. He learnt the technique from Inala, having personally experienced it before. And now, he used it on Virala.

Virala suddenly began to act weak while talking about building a body, even going to the extent of embracing nonsensical expressions such as sighing. He wasn't that type of person. It was probably another scheme of his to make Resha let down his guard.

'That bastard probably doesn't have any intention to stay away from Yahira.' Grehha thought, 'Anyhow, that confirms it. Virala knows a way to cultivate faster. He wouldn't have chosen to become an Empyrean Tusk otherwise.'

"With that, I'll conclude this contest as a success!" Raaha announced as he stared at everyone, "I'll distribute Elixirs and other rewards to the elite teams based on their contribution. As for the teams with scores above a thousand points, you can each take one treasure from my stash."

He snapped his finger, causing a six-storey tower to appear, seemingly made out of brick and red tiles. There was a golden stream that connected it to the 1st Empyrean Tusk for a second, followed by a spike in energy.

Following that, the stream disappeared as the tower began to glow faintly, "You can all enter it now. My power will restrict your clearance according to your points. So, feel free to roam around anywhere you're able to."

The door on the first floor opened as Raaha pointed at Resha and Yahira, "You'll have full access. The higher the floor, the more valuable the treasures So, keep it in mind as you make your pick."

"Yes, Master." Resha nodded as he held Yahira's hand and entered through the tower's door, standing still upon passing the entrance. Even he was too stunned to speak, staring at the vast meadow that stretched before him, almost endlessly.

There were pillars of light strewn across the meadow, each a few kilometres away from one another. 'Even with the Attribute reinforcing my Internal Inertial Gravity, I can't create such a massive biome. But that isn't all.'

His body turned lithe as his figure flickered towards the closest pillar of light. It was as if the sky had cracked and cosmic energy poured out of it, slamming into the ground to form this pillar of light.

It emanated a suffocating presence, and at the centre of it hovered a strand of hair. Yes, a mere hair strand was generating such a suffocating pressure, almost on par with a peak Body Stage Boar King.

"What…are these?" Yahira arrived at a halt beside him and took a moment to catch her breath. She felt goosebumps form on her skin as she stared at the strand of hair, "Is this the Boar King's hair?"

"Does even his hair exude such a pressure?"

"No, this isn't from him." Resha said, "Even though the Boar King is a broken existence, for a mere strand of his hair to exude such a presence, he would have to be at the 8-Life Stage at the very least. He obviously hasn't reached that point in this life."

"Then is this something left behind by a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle?" Yahira asked. No other being existed on the Sumatra Continent that could emit such a presence from a mere strand of hair.

"This is a Transcendent's hair," Resha said in all seriousness, "Or rather, it's the sole body part that had survived a cultivator's attempt at Transcendence."

When a cultivator reaches the 10-Life Stage, they could begin ascension to the Transcendent World. Bolts of Transcendence would rain down from the sky, beginning to fuse their ten bodies into a singular, transcendent form.

Each Bolt of Transcendence contained a vast sea of knowledge and information, but it was also tremendously destructive in nature, capable of destroying large swathes of land. If a cultivator manages to endure all the Bolts of Transcendence, they'll succeed in reaching the Transcendence Stage and be transported to a Transcendent World.

But more often than not, they would fail, as the majority of the cultivators attempting to reach the Transcendence Stage were 10-Life Stage cultivators with Iron Grade Human Avatars.

Typically, their bodies would be vaporised by the Bolts of Transcendence. But in extremely rare cases, a small part of their body survives and absorbs the Bolts of Transcendence. As the cultivator was dead, these body parts wouldn't reach the Transcendent World and instead fall on Sumatra Continent.

Each such part contained mysterious powers, a condensation of the respective cultivator's Human Avatars refined by the Bolts of Transcendence. They were labelled Treasures and were sought after by the strongest forces.

Minor Treasure—Whickered Strand!

"This is a Minor Treasure?" Yahira exclaimed in shock, "We have some records left by the Mammoth Ancestor briefly talking about them. How…"

She stared at the numerous light pillars strewn across the meadow, "How are there so many Minor Treasures here?"

"One thing is for sure," Resha became excited, "This is what the Mammoth Clan managed to accumulate over the thousands of years we remained supreme."

"Let's go," He grabbed her hand and ran towards the helical flight of stairs reaching the sky, "The Minor Treasures here are produced from cultivators with the weakest Iron Grade Human Avatars. This is merely the first floor."

"We have access until the sixth floor. Let's go there."



Chapter 266 Mammoth Treasury

The stronger the cultivator attempting to become a Transcendent, the stronger the Treasure created in the likelihood of his failure. This Treasure would be all that was left of the cultivator.

If the cultivator that failed had an Iron or Silver Grade Human Avatar, then the resultant body part refined by the Bolt of Transcendence was called a Minor Treasure.

Similarly, if the failed cultivator had a Gold or Mystic Grade Human Avatar, then the resultant body part refined by the Bolt of Transcendence was called a Major Treasure. The same applied to Pranic Beasts too, though only Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts could invoke a Bolt of Transcendence.

The five Major Treasures depicted in Sumatra Chronicles were exactly that. The Major Treasure of Cure was the result of a Bolt of Transcendence that landed on the previous Gannala during the time the Boar King became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

She refined that power into her heart to create the Cure, which was inherited by Resha.

The source of the remaining four Major Treasures wasn't detailed in Sumatra Chronicles. It was unknown which legendary human cultivator died to become a Major Treasure.

But one thing was sure. Whether it was a Minor Treasure or a Major Treasure, they had tremendous value, oftentimes capable of going slightly above the framework of the laws that existed in the Sumatra Continent's power system.

As Resha and Yahira climbed up the stairs and entered higher floors, each of which resembled a world, the presence emitted by the pillars of light continued to steadily increase.

The Minor Treasures in the first three floors were resultant from cultivators with Iron Grade Human Avatars. Hence, they were numerous.

From the fourth floor onwards, the number of light pillars drastically decreased, barely a tenth of before. But in terms of value, they were superior, for they originated from cultivators with Silver Grade Human Avatars.

Resha stopped before a certain pillar of light on the fourth floor, sensing his Mystic Bone Art react, "This is from a Mammoth Clansman's."

"I can feel it too," Yahira said, "It seems the larger Mammoth Clan had many masters at the 10-Life Stage over the generations."

"Many details were hidden from our Mammoth Clan by the Empyrean Tusks. Hence, our strength plateaued at the 8-Life Stage." Resha nodded.

"Yeah, my grandfather never progressed beyond the 8-Life Stage for some reason," Yahira said. Before the merger, her grandfather was their Mammoth Clan Chief. His strength had dropped a lot after getting killed a couple of times by the Boar King.

He was currently chilling as the 10th Settlement Leader, having lower responsibilities to bear after the merger since the Mammoth Clan was a lot stronger now.

"Go around and look for a Minor Treasure suitable for you." Resha said and began to climb to a higher floor, "Wait for me before you accept it though."

"Alright," Yahira nodded and began to explore the fourth floor.

Halfway up the flight of stairs, Resha activated his Primary Nature and unleashed a gravitational wave, sensing some pillars of light stir up in response. 'There are a few candidates here.'

But since there were better ones on the higher floors, he decided to look through them all first. He repeated the same on the fifth floor and noticed some light pillars displaying a stronger reaction to his Primary Nature.

He finally arrived on the sixth floor and observed only three light pillars there. The presence they unleashed made it hard for him to breathe, "If I didn't know any better, I would have assumed them to be Major Treasures."

It was apparent they were sourced from cultivators who were at the peak of the Silver Grade. Hence, every single Minor Treasure here was the strongest of its kind. Upon seeing them, he noticed a line of words form over each Minor Treasure, explaining what they were.

Minor Treasure—Extreme Sensitivity!

This was a piece of skin tissue that was brownish-red in colour, glowing faintly with interlaying lightning patterns. When stuck to a body, it would automatically merge into the cultivator's skin and apply its effect.

The Minor Treasure of Extreme Sensitivity strengthened a cultivator's Prana senses. Basically, when a cultivator spread their Prana around to sense their surroundings, any feedback would be in the form of prickling sensations throughout the skin.

The position, intensity, and progressions of the prickling sensations indicated the type of information gathered by the Prana sense. This was very limited and at most allowed one to know their opponent's strength, position, and motion.

The Minor Treasure of Extreme Sensitivity improved upon this aspect, making the prickling sensation detailed, enough for the cultivator to get an accurate grasp of even the target's body shape, size, and even the individual movement of their limbs.

If Resha were to get this, his sensory response would become stronger, allowing him to promptly react. Honestly, if there was just this Minor Treasure, Resha would have selected it without skipping a heartbeat.

But the remaining two Minor Treasures were equally good. The second one was an eyeball, glowing purple, appearing no different from a piece of gem.

Minor Treasure—Spectral Eyes!

Upon obtaining it, the Minor Treasure of Spectral Eyes would fuse with the target's eyes, expanding his sight at both macroscopic and microscopic levels. He would be able to observe objects far away with greater detail. Similarly, he could also zoom in on a speck of grain and observe its structure in detail.

It didn't end here, for Spectral Eyes also allowed the target to see the flow of Prana. Basically, if Resha were to get this, he would be able to see the energy streams connecting a cultivator to their Spirit Weapon. It would allow him to notice the moment a cultivator tries to sneak attack using their Spirit weapon.

It had insane practical value. Upon seeing it, Resha almost grabbed it, because it would be a perfect addition to his arsenal, 'I need just this.'

He then approached the last Minor Treasure, one obtained from a Mammoth Clansman. It was an organ, a stomach, grey in colour, dull in nature.

Minor Treasure—Corporeal Mixer!

Its ability was robustly simple. When a cultivator obtains it, the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer would fuse with their stomach and strengthen it to the extreme, allowing the cultivator to rapidly digest any organic matter ingested by their body. It wasn't just that.

It would make their stomach organ immune to poison and all associated abilities that target the body from the stomach. In the possession of a Mammoth Clansman, this Minor Treasure's power was elevated to a whole new level, turning them into cultivation monsters that could progress rapidly.

Resha's growth speed would increase by at least twenty to thirty percent with the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer.

All three Minor Treasures were strategically valuable, making him conflicted. If possible, he would wish to obtain them all. But he was aware of their value. A Minor Treasure appeared when a 10-Life Stage cultivator failed to become a Transcendent.

And there was no guarantee a Minor Treasure would appear every time a cultivator failed to become a Transcendent. After all, there was a greater chance for their bodies to be completely vaporised. Hence, every single Minor Treasure was a strategically valuable asset, appearing at most once every few centuries.

The only reason Raaha took them out this time was to cement his authority as the Mammoth Clan Chief. This Centinger egg hunt was the first joint raid conducted by the Mammoth Clan after the merger.

This was his way of displaying the Mammoth Clan's terrifying foundation, accumulated through their thousands of years of history. Moreover, if not for their quasi-indestructible nature, he would have never brought them out.

Basically, if Resha were to die now, any Minor Treasure in his possession would separate from his body. Of course, there was a fair chance of the treasure being destroyed alongside his body. So, risks still existed with giving Resha one.

When 100 Empyrean Tusks exited the Sumatra Continent and left behind 88 Empyrean Tusks, they also left a portion of their Minor Treasures with the weaker herd, giving them a way to prosper. It was the Mammoth Clan Chief's responsibility to protect them.

The six-storey building Raaha brought out was called the Mammoth Treasury, a Major Treasure left behind by the Mammoth Ancestor. This was created when a Mammoth Clansman with the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle failed to become a Transcendent and left behind this Major Treasure.

The Mammoth Ancestor refined it into a treasure exclusive to the Mammoth Clan, only controlled by its Chief. It had two functions. The first function was to store all Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Clan's possession.

The second function was to create an inheritance line for the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power. Basically, the owner of the Mammoth Treasury would obtain the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power.

It was their Trump Card!



Chapter 267 Spectral Eyes Minor Treasure

If Raaha were to reach the end of his lifespan, he would transfer ownership of the Mammoth Treasury to one of his descendants in the Spirit Stage. Once that descendant reaches the peak of the Spirit Stage and fuses their hundred Spirit Containers into a unified whole, the Gold Empyrean Tentacle would naturally be born there, fusing with it.

As a result, the descendant would enter the Body Stage with the power of a Gold Empyrean Tentacle. It was this tradition that allowed the Mammoth Clan Chiefs to possess such a valuable, peerless power generation after generation, the only reason they hadn't been annihilated by the Boar King.

After all, unlike the herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks created by Gannala, the existence and location of the other herd was known to the Boar King and was constantly targeted by him. If not for the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power guarding them, they might have been annihilated by now.

If not for the sole fact that the Mammoth Treasury was bound to Sumatra Continent and couldn't be brought out, the other herd with 100 Empyrean Tusks would have taken it with them as they left the continent.

As Sumatra Continent was their home, the Mammoth Ancestor tied their Clan's exclusive Major Treasure to the continent.

"Which one do I pick?" Resha frowned as he observed the three Minor Treasures before him. All were very powerful. He remained in thought for close to an hour, thinking of the various variables in play that would change with him obtaining each of the three Minor Treasures and how that would impact his fight against the Boar King.

"Alright, I'll pick this one then." He thought and picked Spectral Eyes. Being able to see Prana Streams was extremely valuable and would give him an edge. Besides, he knew the locations of many Minor Treasures that, even though not to the extent of the Minor Treasures before him, would still be able to give him powers similar to Extreme Sensitivity and Corporeal Mixer.

Besides, Resha could also mix External Inertial Gravity with his Prana senses and improve the sensitivity and accuracy of its perception. Similarly, he could convert his stomach into a biome to assist with resource digestion.

With a small world functioning in his stomach, he could replenish his needs like an Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, he wouldn't lose too much if he didn't obtain either Extreme Sensitivity or Corporeal Mixer.

But he had no abilities that could take the place of Spectral Eyes. Hence, he selected it.

"Master, I'll take this." Resha touched the pillar of light, watching it vanish as the Minor Treasure of Spectral Eyes flew towards him and merged into his right eye. Even though it merged into his right eye, the effect was granted to both his eyes.

Resha blinked once, zooming in to a blade of grass a kilometre away, able to clearly perceive it. He then changed focus to his palm, magnifying his sight until he was able to perceive the cellular structure, "This is amazing!"

"Are you done?" Resha noticed Yahira on the fifth floor as he descended through the flight of stairs.

"I got an amazing Treasure," Yahira said as she clapped, causing a ringing sound.

Minor Treasure—Breathless Sonority!

Shaped as a rib bone, when making contact with a cultivator, would fuse into their ribs, granting its effect to their entire body. The Minor Treasure of Breathless Sonority allowed Yahira's body to withstand shocks by converting them into sounds.

Her body would produce ringing sounds every time it was hit, making physical attacks less effective against her. This was the perfect ability for Yahira as she possessed the power of the Empyrean Thunder.

Mutated Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Thunder!

Primary Nature—Piezo Response!

Piezo Response allowed her to convert kinetic energy—when an enemy hit her—into vibrational energy and transmit shockwaves onto the target. In her previous life, Yahira used this power alongside her Tertiary Nature and a bunch of Prime Skills to amplify this ability and retaliated against the Boar King with a one-dimensional shockwave emission.

She tanked the Boar King's strongest attack with her body, converted it into a shockwave and slammed it into his body like a laser, as a result managing to injure a peak Boar King. Of course, the volume of kinetic energy she converted was too much for her body to bear. As a result, she ended up splattering into vapour right after unleashing that attack.

In this life, she would be able to tank stronger attacks due to two reasons. First among them was the Minor Treasure of Breathless Sonority which would convert excess kinetic energy into sound.

Secondary Nature—Reservoir!

This was the second reason. The Secondary Nature of Reservoir stores vibrational potential for a short duration. Basically, it acted as a battery for her Primary Nature, allowing Yahira to store the vibrational energy instead of having to spontaneously emit it.

This allowed her to store more and time a release, unleashing a stronger attack. With a smile, Yahira explained, "I'm way stronger in this life."

"That you are." Resha smiled as the duo began to make their way down the flight of stairs. Along the way, Resha noticed Grehha and Virala roaming about on the first floor of the Mammoth Treasury, still unable to make a decision.

"You go out," Resha nudged Yahira and stared at the roaming reincarnate duo, "I'll follow shortly after."

"Okay," Yahira complied and made her exit.

"Do you want my advice?" Resha approached Grehha and Virala, putting on a business smile similar to a street vendor, "I'm an expert in these things."

Grehha raised an eyebrow and made a motion indicating Resha to make a suggestion, "Tell me."

"Each of you can get a Minor Treasure," Resha made an all-knowing face, "If you give me your pick, I'll help you in the future."

Grehha acted like he didn't hear Resha and walked away, continuing to look around. As for Virala, he instead approached Resha and stood two metres away from the latter, "Are you having fun?"

"Extremely," Resha nodded.

"Awesome," Virala turned around to walk away, "Have fun while it lasts."

"Oh, I forgot something." Resha acted oblivious as he pinched a blade of grass and plucked it, blowing it away as he stared at Virala while pointing at it, "This is how many farts I give towards your opinion."

"I'll look forward to more farts from you then," Virala waved his hand, "Don't bother crying when you have gastric issues."

Virala approached a pillar of light and observed the Minor Treasure within, reading its description. Two seconds later, an annoying voice resounded from behind, "This is a very powerful Minor Treasure. The one who has it can one-shot the Boar King with a fart."

"Fuck off!" Virala cursed upon hearing Resha's commentary from behind. The latter was obviously spewing bullshit to confuse Virala.

As long as Virala were to give in to irritation, he wouldn't be able to make a calm-seated decision and pick an unsuitable Minor Treasure. That pretty much was Resha's goal, as among the Reincarnates, the one he hated the most was currently Virala.

"I'm giving you advice as your bestie," Resha smiled innocently, "I only want what is best for you. So, take this Minor Treasure. It is oh…so…very overpowered."

"…" Virala did his best to control his anger and focused on the Minor Treasure's explanation. If he were to rage here, Raaha might kick him out of the Mammoth Treasury. The one facing a loss would be him. Hence, he needed to focus and not be distracted.

Of course, Resha had not an ounce of intention to give him a peaceful time, "I heard your little brother shrivelled up recently."

"Is that true?"



Chapter 268 Dralh Sea of Insanity

Dralh Sea!

One of the unique terrains on Sumatra Continent that was ink-black during the day, resembling tar. With an extreme amount of salt and other heavy minerals dissolved into it, the Dralh Sea's water was the densest on the continent.

It was so dense that drowning in it was virtually impossible for a human or any low-density creature. During the day, the water absorbs the sunlight and becomes boiling hot, too dangerous for anyone to touch it, not to mention swim in it.

Contrastingly, the night was the exact opposite. Not only did it cool down in a matter of minutes after nightfall, it became freezing cold, often having small glacier sheets forming on it. Moreover, the sea glowed during the night.

It wasn't a faint glow but radiated enough light to make it as bright as day. The transition phase between the day and night was termed the 'Death Hour.' As in this period, the sea would radiate all its stored heat, unleashing a heatwave capable of vaporising even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

After releasing all the heat during the Death Hour, the Dralh Sea glowed bluish-green, creating a picturesque sight. Spanning a length of 2480 kilometres at its longest and 1920 kilometres at its shortest, the Dralh Sea occupied a fairly large area.

With its recorded deepest point being 22 kilometres and shallowest point being 1.8 kilometres, it created a large aquatic kingdom for marine Pranic Beasts to thrive about, despite the harsh living conditions.

But that was only with respect to the native Pranic Beasts. For any foreigner, this place was a manifestation of 'From the frying pan into the fire.' After all, the Dralh Sea shared borders with the Guna Caves.

A human or Pranic Beast poor enough to escape from the Guna Caves would find themselves at the Dralh Sea for a short duration of peace before they become vaporised during the Death Hour.

The Dralh Sea was a major aquatic checkpoint on Sumatra Continent, for it had eight streams of water feeding into it from various regions of the continent.

There were eight such Channels, with the one leading into it from the Red-Draft River being called the Brask Channel. Spanning a breadth of six hundred metres at its narrowest point, the Brask Channel was a narrow stream of water connecting the Red-Draft River to the Dralh Sea.

And currently travelling through it, sustaining large numbers of teeth and claw marks was the Sumatra Ship. Piloting within it was a tired Inala, exhausted from fending off enemies.

Even though he used a Prana Bomb containing Fhoong Brimgan's Prana to ward off enemies, there were still plenty of Pranic Beasts that targeted the ship. The only ones that avoided the ship were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, knowing very well the infamy built by the Brimgan Empire Royals for hounding any entity that dared target them for generations.

But Silver and Iron Grade Pranic Beasts targeted the ship occasionally. Well, occasional in the relative sense. There was an attack happening every two hours. It tired Inala as he hadn't had a peaceful rest since long ago.

They had been travelling on the Sumatra Ship for many months, finally reaching the end of the Brask Channel as Inala observed the surroundings through the Empyrean Zinger Commander posted watch over the front.

"We're reaching the Dralh Sea." He announced.

"Finally!" Gannala raised her hands up in cheers, "I can finally play around a bit."

She was currently five years old. They had been travelling on the Sumatra Ship for close to nine months. The pitstops were short, barely spanning one or two days every time, meant solely for gathering the resources necessary to continue their journey.

Inala observed the sky, 'Thankfully, it's still noon.'

He didn't wish to be stuck on the Dralh Sea during the Death Hour. Even the Sumatra Ship would be vaporised during that time. Hence, it was best to arrive at their destination before then. "We'll be speeding up."

"Asaeya, keep watch," Inala said and held his Sumatra Canon, ready to shoot any pesky Pranic Beast that approached the ship.

"I'll blind them all," Asaeya said and peered out from a vent at the top of the Sumatra Ship. She kept watch over her surroundings, radiating Prana outwards, remaining alert.

Two kilometres downstream the Brask Channel, the sea suddenly resembled tar, preventing any light from being reflected from it, ink-black in colour. The water bubbled due to the heat, causing the air to be hot and humid, with waves of steam flowing in erratic directions.

Inala pulled up the map of the region in his mind, created from the combined memories of Fhoong Brimgan and the Millinger. Fhoong Brimgan had a communication path established through the waterway.

From the Angan River into the Red-Draft River, followed by the Brask Channel, leading into the Dralh Sea. Exiting the region was through the Vrumsh Channel leading into the Brimgan Sea. There was a safe route established here, using which Fhoong Brimgan contacted his trustee in the Brimgan Empire once a century.

Inala decided to take that route, making an informed decision that this route was a tad safer than the land route which he had planned before obtaining Fhoong Brimgan's data.

Moreover, the Millinger's data had detailed information about the marine life in these regions, which allowed Inala to be prepared in advance. He was weak towards a direct conflict. But given some time to prepare, he could face difficult situations without much loss.

A pungent smell wafted out of the Sumatra Ship as it entered the Dralh Sea. The interior began to heat up, causing everyone to sweat buckets. The movement efficiency also dropped because of the ambient hot air, which required more energy than usual to compress air in the ship's lungs.

"How much further, Inala?" Asaeya asked in worry as she sensed dangerous waves of Prana wash over her detection range in short frequencies, "It hasn't even been ten minutes since we entered the Dralh Sea, but I already felt the Prana waves of three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts."

"Three?" Inala became worried in response as he unhesitantly equipped his Sumatra Canon into the ship's engine and caused the thrusts of air flowing out of its vents to grow stronger. As a result, the ship's sailing speed spiked, quickly pulling them further from the range of the three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

"They are following us…" Asaeya said as sweat dripped down from her forehead, "Do I…blind them?"

"Don't do anything that might trigger them," Inala said, "Every single Gold Grade Pranic Beasts here could easily kill us ten times over with a casual attack."

"Then, what do I do?" Asaeya asked, "Do I not use my abilities on them?"

"Just remain on your guard," Inala said, "Blind them only if they come within twenty metres. And target only two of them. Leave the third alone."

"Fine," Asaeya didn't understand the full picture, but since Inala was vastly more knowledgeable than her, she decided to trust his words and didn't ask for an explanation.

A stream of bubbles closely followed after the Sumatra Ship, gradually closing the distance between the two, not in the least frightened by Fhoong Brimgan's presence.

Just in case, Inala held a Sandy-Grey Bomb. Using that would obviously buy them enough time to get to safety. But unless absolutely necessary, he didn't wish to waste one here.

He kept alert as the distance between the bubbles and his ship continued to decrease, from hundred to fifty, and from fifty to thirty. Soon, it reached twenty metres as a head peeked out subtly, grotesquely spiky in appearance.

'Ten kilometres left to reach the closest island.' Inala sighed as he spoke, "Asaeya…"

"Blind it."



Chapter 269 Ewworms

"Blind it." At his words, Asaeya placed her mouth before a vent and unleashed a sharp screech, causing two of the three Gold Grad Pranic Beasts to lose their sight immediately. She flinched in response, observing that merely using her secondary Nature on these two Gold Grade Pranic Beasts expended forty Prana.

She had only blinded them. Had she targeted their other senses too, then the amount of Prana being sharply drained from her Spirit Container might have caused her a heart attack.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Right after they became blind, Inala seeped large amounts of Prana into the Sumatra Ship and used Internal Inertial Gravity to make it almost weightless. The ship's lungs ejected all the air in them through the vents, resulting in a powerful thrust that caused the ship to lift off.

Within three seconds, the Sumatra Ship reached an altitude of four hundred metres as a pair of wings appeared behind it, allowing it to glide forward, only possible because of its weightless state. Since the thrust stopped already, the ship merely glided. It wasn't considered flying.

"Whooooshhh!" A sound akin to a geyser resounded as the third Gold Grade Pranic Beast peeked out of the water and stared at the gliding ship for a good two seconds, imprinting its image into its mind.

Following that, it retreated into the water and disappeared. The two blinded Gold Grade Pranic Beasts quickly figured out how the Grim Knell's power worked. The Prana of one of them was being consumed to blind the other.

And since the ability was a double-edged sword, its sight too was taken out in the process. The two Gold Grade Pranic Beasts moved away from each other, observing their sights return once the distance between them crossed one hundred eighty metres.

The ability's action range was equal to the maximum Spirit Weapon range for a Pranic Beast at maturity, which was one hundred eighty metres.

The first Gold Grade Pranic Beast's Prana was consumed to blind the second Gold Grade Pranic Beast, treating the latter similar to a Spirit Weapon, carrying the double-edged sword. The effect was unleashed through an energy stream connecting the two, whose limit was the maximum Spirit Weapon Range. Hence, when they moved away, the connection collapsed, as a result ending the ability's effect.

After regaining their sight, the two Gold Grade Pranic Beasts didn't bother chasing after the Sumatra Ship, for it was too far away. But, they unanimously took note of it, intending to target it later. In that short interaction, they gained a good amount of info on their target.

"I can't see if they have left or are still tailing us," Asaeya said as she stared at the ink-black sea, unable to make out anything happening in it.

"We're close. Let's worry about it after reaching our destination." Inala said, watching his Sumatra Canon suck in air. He was becoming ready to shoot the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts if they were to sneak upon them.

The Sumatra Ship eventually returned to the water and continued to sail at its optimal speed. Soon, they arrived at a large island.

The Dralh Sea was littered with 16,000 islands, with the areas of each ranging from a square kilometre to a couple dozen square kilometres. The one they arrived at was called Leh Island, a landmass spanning an area of six square kilometres.

The beach barely spanned a couple metres, steep in nature. The Sumatra Ship crawled onto it and opened its mouth, ejecting out all the contents within it.

Inala grabbed the Prana Bombs and stuffed them in his Sumatra Lantern. Once the Sumara Ship emptied its interior of all foreign substances, it began to shrink in size until it became small enough to be pocketed.

Inala slung it to the side of his hip and patted it, feeling the numerous scratches that had formed on it, "I need to spend some time repairing it."

He then took out a Bone Slip and gave it to Asaeya, "Use it."

"Okay," Asaeya accessed it and observed some information regarding the islands in the locality. The Bone Slip crumbled into powder immediately after. Her face turned pale as she stared at Inala while looking around restlessly, "There are Ewworms here?"

"Plenty," Inala nodded, "This place borders the Guna Caves. So, a good number of its Ewworms flee here in search of food or to escape the Bludders."

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Ewworm!

This was the third Pranic Beast race native to the Guna Caves, one with a disgusting hobby due to the power they possessed.

Primary Nature—Rectum Merger!

Ewworms remained hidden in the earth, hiding their presence to the extent most Prana detection methods would fail to spot them even if they were barely a couple of centimetres deep underground. They would remain waiting there, conserving their energy.

An Ewworm could remain immobile for close to eight years before requiring sustenance. When it spots a target, the Ewworm would jut out of the ground like a geyser and stab into the target's anus, entering it.

Once it had drilled deep enough, its head would fuse with the target's rectum, thereby becoming an extension of the target's body.

An Ewworm's primary diet consisted of human or Pranic Beast excreta after fusing into their rectum. It would consume it daily and use it to grow. Its length would continue to increase until it seemed like the victim had grown a long tail.

Technically, an Ewworm didn't affect the target beyond that. It was neither capable of influencing their decisions nor did it affect their body or Prana. Rather, it only consumed the body's waste, as a result actually making the target healthier.

Moreover, they defended their targets from harm using their whip-like tails. And if an Ewworm were to grow long enough, it would grow a weapon at the end of its tail, using it to harm any predators targeting its host.

The only way to extricate oneself from an Ewworm would be to sever their rectum and regrow a new one using Prana.

Asaeya emitted Prana through her surroundings, failing to detect any Ewworm. Failing to find them only made her more nervous, "Can't we leave this place?"

"Relax," Saying so, Inala snapped his finger, causing an Empyrean Zinger Commander to position itself on the buttocks of each, "They can easily stop an Ewworm…"

He hadn't even finished talking when an Ewworm drilled out of the ground and made a beeline to his butt, only to face a Prana Bomb that obliterated it. For a moment, goosebumps formed on his skin, despite managing to easily kill the Ewworm.

"Let's go," He said and took a step forward, encountering another Ewworm. The Empyrean Zinger Commander created a Prana Hand and used it to grab the Ewworm and strip it of all its Prana. Its crushed body was then chucked to the side.

All three Empyrean Zinger Commanders took similar action to protect the trio of Inala, Gannala, and Asaeya as they headed deeper inland.

Five minutes of walking later, they arrived at a cave entrance, one that led into a mine. Seated at its entrance was a gruff-looking middle-aged man, asleep. Placed on the table before him was a scroll, and scribbling on it with a pen was his tail.

The gruff middle-aged man was a Free Human. The tail was obviously an Ewworm. Upon noticing Inala and group, it took up a pose similar to a cobra, its actions waking up the gruff middle-aged man who shouted in a fluster, "W-Who are you?"

"We're travellers who wish to visit the revered abode of Immortals." Inala cupped his fists with a respectable tone.



Chapter 270 Gannala’s Irritation

"Travellers?" The gruff middle-aged man frowned in response and looked around, wondering how the trio arrived at the island, "Where did you park your ship?"

"We have our means to travel," Inala smiled and continued, "As travelling merchants from the Brimgan Empire, we don't wish to reveal our secrets. But, our intentions for coming here are to trade. So, what do you say?"

'Revered abode of immortals my ass!' Gannala rolled her eyes, controlling her urge to puke. Knowing why she was feeling such an emotion, Inala subtly moved before her, blocking the gruff middle-aged man from seeing her expression.

"I…" The gruff middle-aged man scratched his cheek, stared at Inala for a few seconds in silence, and then got up, "Let me go inform them."

His tone then turned serious, "Stay here. If you move around and interrupt our work, then be prepared for the consequences."

"The immortals dislike chaos."

"I'll keep it in mind," Inala nodded politely and stood in his place as the gruff middle-aged man walked deeper inland.

Once he was gone, Asaeya commented, "Why is that weakling acting like he's the boss?"

"Well, that's his job. But Asaeya," Inala stared at her in seriousness, "Only express such opinions when in private, alright?"

"The Cooter Clansmen won't take such disrespect lying down."

"Dad, it's annoying." Gannala groaned, "Do we really need to be in this place? I don't like you being polite to them. Let's storm the place."

"They're all weaklings anyway."

Gannala expanded her Prana senses into the cave and inspected the mine, noticing plenty of Free Humans mining around. She observed that the majority of the people had two or three Prana, with occasional rarity reaching four Prana.

The gruff middle-aged man acted as their boss, the only Free Human on the island with ten Prana. The sole task of the Free Humans on this island was to mine for minerals. They mined with the help of the Ewworm acting as their tails that doubled as pickaxes.

The tail end of the Ewworms of these miners indeed took on the shape of a pickaxe, making it easier for them to mine. With a rough inspection, Gannala found around two thousand miners, a fairly decent population for such a tiny island.

"Keep yourselves in check," Inala admonished their complaints, "Things will get messy if we offend them."

He stared at the duo, "Both of you remember the tone and body mannerisms we have to use towards the Cooter Clansmen, right?"

"Don't act like your usual selves. It would be damn easy for a fight to erupt between us when you do that."

Mammoth Clansmen and Cooter Clansmen were like oil and water, immiscible in nature. They had completely different cultures, sharing differences in the way they talked, behaved, things they prioritised, etc.

In Sumatra Chronicles, when Resha met with the Cooter Clansman, barely after two sentences being exchanged between the two, a battle erupted. It was a clash of egos.

Two Clans reigned supreme at the top of Sumatra Continent, with each possessing Mystic Grade cultivation techniques. There were only two such techniques, each granting its cultivator enough power on par with a Nature.

Remaining at the top for thousands of years, with a ginormous legacy resulted in pride towards their roots. Mammoth Clansmen considered themselves the best of Sumatra. The Cooter Clansmen did the same too.

Both Clans acknowledged each other but considered their side to be superior to the other.

If not for the fact that both Clans didn't have overlapping territories, ensuring no contact could be had, they would have gone to war long ago.

A Mammoth Clansman rarely met a Cooter Clansman. This only happened in special terrains that served as melting pots in Sumatra Continent, such as the Dieng Canyon. And even these meetings were very rare.

'This will be difficult.' Inala felt a headache as he observed Gannala's reaction. She was getting irritated to have set foot in the territory managed by the Cooter Clan. This was an instinctual feeling.

There was a distinct gap among Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Majority of the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that managed to become one were either Beginner or Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

The number of Advance Gold Grade Pranic Beast races was few, with those at the Expert Gold Grade being only two—Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers.

Of course, there existed other Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in Sumatra Continent, but these cases were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that had mutated. The natural levels of their race would be Beginner or Intermediate Gold Grade.

Hence, only two species were born on Sumatra Continent at the literal possible peak in terms of birth. It was impossible for a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to be born naturally. Even the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle appeared only after its Iron, Silver, and Gold variants consumed each other to fuse and evolve into the Mystic Grade variant.

Therefore, both Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers were special, possessing pinnacle strength from birth, with the possibility of them reaching the Mystic Grade the highest.

Both races were worshipped as Deities among communities of both Humans and Pranic Beasts. As a result, it was extremely irritating for either of them to be in the presence of the other.

As an Empyrean Tusk who was the Supreme Tusk's successor, Gannala had a strong pride. And the Mammoth Clansman she respected the most was obviously her father, Inala. Hence, she disliked seeing him acting politely towards a mere worker under a Cooter Clansman.

It was as if Inala was acknowledging the other party as the superior one.

Gannala knew best not to sabotage Inala's plans, but it was also a fact that merely being in this place was getting on her nerves. Even the mildest discontentment that she would have originally shrugged appeared magnified here, as if they were the most offensive one could be towards her.

"Turtle bastards!" Gannala cursed openly, "Are they crawling on their asses or what? It has already been twenty minutes."

"Language, Gannala." Inala lightly hit her on the head.

"I learnt it from you." Gannala pouted and turned her head, sulking.

In the meantime, the gruff middle-aged man waddled through a barren terrain before coming across a lush forest. Poking out from its centre was a cylindrical column of earth, built like a natural mound, reaching a height of hundred metres.

A helical staircase connected it from the bottom to the top where a luxurious tower had been built, eight storeys tall. The gruff middle-aged man quickly ran through the beaten path in the forest and scaled up the helical flight of stairs.

There was a path leading between two ponds filled with lotus-like flowers, releasing a relaxing scent into the air, one that upon inhaling rejuvenated their bodies.

The gruff middle-aged man walked on the path and arrived at the tower's entrance, using the brass hook to knock on the door, "Esteemed Immortals!"

"We have a visitor on the island." He prostrated on the floor and spoke with reverence.

"Visitors?" Mist flowed out of the tower and covered the surroundings as a feminine voice resounded, "What's their identity?"

"They're merchants from the Brimgan Empire." The gruff middle-aged man replied.

"Brimgan Empire?" The mist intensified as all the gruff middle-aged man could see were two shadows skipping large distances like frogs, quickly scaling down the mound before making their way towards Inala.

"I pray for the Immortals' journey." The gruff middle-aged man prostrated in the direction of the two individuals and announced aloud.



