Chapter 611 Dance of Recovery

﻿﻿"My build has a risk? That's impossible!" Orakha refuted Gannala's claim, "I'm able to freely change my Human Avatar for all situations. There's no problem with that."

"The Primary Nature of all Free Humans are generated by the mineral they build their Human Avatar with." Gannala spoke in ridicule, "But what about yours? It's thanks to your Primary Nature that you can build a Human Avatar. The power resultant from it isn't reflected as your Primary Nature."

"Your Primary Nature of Human Avatar is at Gold Grade. Until now, the Human Avatar you had were either Gold Grade or weaker." She continued, "But that changed once you fused a piece of Sumatra Gold in it. Currently, you've focused on integrating the power of your Secondary Nature into your Human Avatar through the Sumatra Gold. But the fact of the matter is that your Human Avatar's power has already exceeded your Primary Nature."

"That's a ticking time bomb."

"That…makes sense." Orakha fell deep into thought, "I have been focused on keeping the influence of my Human Avatar on me to a minimum. But indeed, what you said is plausible."

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

His Primary Nature was to create a Human Avatar. But the effect of his Human Avatar wasn't reflected as a Nature in him. This was an issue. Once his stack of bodies increases, the effects of the Nature created by his Human Avatar would overwhelm his three Natures and cause the stack to collapse.

To avoid the issue, he would have to nerf his Human Avatar. Simply removing the Sumatra Gold from it was more than enough. He wouldn't face any issues even upon reaching the 10-Life Stage.

But removing Sumatra Gold? Orakha didn't want that. He disliked giving up on the massive advantage Sumatra Gold gave him. It would weaken him too much. He wouldn't be as effective as now against Brangara or Yarsha Zahara.

"Moreover, you have one misconception." Gannala returned to her seat and tapped her head, "Based on my inheritance, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle doesn't have a Mystic Grade Nature."

"What?" Orakha was stunned by the fact, "That's impossible. From what I found out, every era's Mystic Empyrean Tentacle unleashed power that could only be done through a Mystic Grade Nature."

"I'll explain the way the Empyrean Tentacle Race functions." Gannala began to explain, "The Empyrean Tentacles are divided into one parent race and three children race."

"Parent and children race?" Orakha frowned, "What does that mean?"

"Be patient," Gannala rolled her eyes, "Haven't you wondered why the power you have is from the Iron Empyrean Tentacle and not the Iron Tentacle?"

Iron Empyrean Tentacle, Silver Empyrean Tentacle, and Gold Empyrean Tentacle, "The prefix of Empyrean only appears when the race has attained its evolutionary limit. So, if they were one race, then only the Mystic Grade counterpart should have the prefix of Empyrean. But that's not the case, right?"

"All of them have the prefix of Empyrean…" Orakha's eyes lit up at her words, "You mean to say that the Iron, Silver, and Gold variants are distinct races?"

"You can call them Sister Races," Gannala nodded, "The actual race is the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. It fragments itself into three, unequal portions, turning them all as distinct races. That's where the one parent and three children race monicker appears."

"So, the evolution limit of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle is at the Expert Iron Grade," Orakha muttered.

"Yes, but this is where the genius of the Empyrean Tentacles appears." Gannala exclaimed, "Take Renduldu's example. He was born an Iron Empyrean Tentacle. His Primary Nature was Daily Checkpoint. He then devoured the Silver Empyrean Tentacle, getting the Secondary Nature of Prana Solidification. Finally, he consumed the Gold Empyrean Tentacle and got the Tertiary Nature of Thought Condensation."

"When he became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he had these three Natures." Gannala said, "Having three Natures is the natural state of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. They're able to harmonise these three Natures to create a power on par with a Mystic Grade Nature. So, everyone in Sumatra is of the misconception that Mystic Tentacles have a Mystic Grade Nature."

"I thought once I consume the three Natures, they'll fuse to become a Mystic Grade Nature." Orakha felt a searing headache upon realising that his original guess was wrong, 'It seems I made the right choice by hesitating to go ahead with the plan.'

"This also means that I cannot obtain their Natures anymore, since my slots are filled." Orakha sighed.

"I wouldn't worry about that." Gannala said next, "The Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power can easily mimic your Human Avatar's power of Selectively Permeable Plasma. So you wouldn't lose anything by replacing it."

"But I can't do that with my Mystic Eater." Orakha shook his head, "The Silver Empyrean Tentacle's power can solidify Prana into all shapes, but that's of no value to me, especially when compared to my Mystic Eaters. I've built my strength around them."

"You needn't worry about that." Gannala smiled in response, "As long as you gain the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, I'll take care of the rest. I know a way to integrate the power of the Silver Empyrean Tentacle into your Mystic Eater."

"On what basis do I trust you to keep your word?" Orakha frowned.

"For the Mammoth Clan's benefit." Gannala said, "The only reason I'm helping you is for my Clan's benefit. And for our combined benefit, having your child be born as a Mammoth Clansman is a necessity."

"Were you planning to have a Mudropper child?" Gannala stared at Orakha with a knowing smile and said, "That will simply diminish your child's potential. Instead, I have a plan. The outcome is the same as what you want, but the child's potential will be higher."

"I'm all ears," Orakha inched forward a bit, expressing his interest. However, he wasn't convinced by her plan, 'She hasn't yet told me how she'll help me. Gannala's keeping mum about the crux of the plan.'

"Do you know that Maroppa can give birth to as many children as she needs on her own?" Gannala said, chuckling upon seeing Orakha's shock, "She doesn't need a partner to birth a Mudropper. So, the plan is simple."

After Orakha and Maroppa copulated, Maroppa would selectively use his genetics to birth a Mammoth Clansman. Once the Mammoth Clansman reaches the peak of the Spirit Stage, she'll fuse with an egg created by Maroppa.

Thereby, the child will wield the power of a Mudropper while remaining a Mammoth Clansman. This way, she'll be able to take full advantage of Mystic Bone Art, "This way, we can perfectly integrate a Nature Weapon into her Nature Slot and morph it through the influence of her Primary Nature and Mystic Bone Art. The resultant Nature's influence would be in harmony with her."

"Moreover, I'll create a powerful Tertiary Nature for her that'll allow her to use her Primary Nature without any worries." Gannala pointed at the sky, "She wouldn't be targeted by the Transcendents even if she were to transform a large region into the Sandy-Grey Void as long as she has that Tertiary Nature."

"What is it exactly?" Orakha asked, feeling anger rise up in him upon seeing Gannala shrug casually, "You're not planning to tell me?"

"Nope," Gannala shook her head, "If you ever get targeted by the Mystic Human Virala's stamp and leak my plan to him, many things will be at risk. It's not just Virala. If you get captured by Yarsha Zahara, the same thing will happen."

"So, you'll only know the full picture once my preparations are ready," Gannala said and waved her hand at him, prompting him to leave.

"I need some time to think." Saying so, Orakha committed suicide.

"This is a mysterious power," Gannala muttered as she stared at Orakha's corpse dissipate in a matter of seconds and vanish. A mysterious power of space was at function here to break down Orakha's body and reconstruct it anew at the location he was reviving.

"This is good," She stared at the scroll nearby, "With more Wean Clansmen, Brangara will be spending more time and effort nurturing them."

"In that time, I'll also strengthen the Mammoth Clan." Saying so, she got up from her seat, "It's time to consolidate my power and position."

Currently, the Mammoth Clan's power dynamic was complicated. There were the Empyrean Tusks who moved with a certain purpose in mind. There were the Mammoth Elders who asked Vhalla—the 1st Empyrean Tusk—to make changes to her thoughts from time to time and change the herd's actions.

Finally, there was Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief. He held a good chunk of power as their strongest and also served as the sole means of communication between the Mammoth Clan and the Mammoth Ancestor.

Without him, they would lose communication with the Transcendent Worlds. Currently, Gannala was being treated as a beloved princess of the Mammoth Clan. Though the Empyrean Tusks and Raaha listened to her opinion, whether or not they acted upon it was entirely up to them.

Raaha was a competent Mammoth Clan Chief, but his thought processes weren't versatile enough like the reincarnates. He wouldn't be able to lead the Mammoth Clan through the upcoming turbulent times, since countless powerful forces were springing up.

'I have the perspective of all reincarnates from their time on Earth.' Gannala thought, 'At present, I'm the only Empyrean Tusk who can think beyond our mental biases.'

"Besides, I'm the only one who can use this." Thinking as such, Gannala closed her eyes and focused on her mind space, observing a cluster of data present there that had taken shape as an Empyrean Tusk.

Weaponisation—Dance of Annihilation!

It was casually strutting about in the mind space. As it continued about its journey, another Empyrean Tusk joined it, one that was slightly bigger, brimming with a powerful sense of compassion.

It was the second ultimate inheritance left behind by the Mammoth Ancestor, the power she had created purely to face the Mudropper Race's repeated invasions.

Weaponisation—Dance of Recovery!



Chapter 612 Creation of Weaponisation

Weaponisation was a complex power to use, since it required the user to satisfy a lot of conditions before their Prana could influence the target and transform them into a Nature Weapon.

Ever since Inala became the Royal Zinger and left the Mammoth Clan, though Gannala was angry about the fact, she could also perceive the logical reason behind his actions. Hence, instead of passively going about with life, she decided to become an active player.

For that, she had to take control of the Mammoth Clan completely. Only then will they move in accordance with her will and survive against the Celestial Boar's onslaught. Without her taking the helm, the Mammoth Clan's annihilation was guaranteed.

But to be the Mammoth Clan Chief, she needed to satisfy some conditions. Being able to converse with the Mammoth Ancestor was one of them. For that, she should be able to access the fourth phase of Mystic Bone Art, which she could do, thanks to accessing Inala's memories of the same.

With that as a catalyst, Gannala unlocked the fourth phase even before attaining maturity, allowing her to communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor if necessary.

Mystic Bone Art was created based on the Empyrean Tusks. In essence, all Empyrean Tusks were able to use it fully, though it wasn't necessary for them. But they weren't able to communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor.

Only after unlocking the fourth phase did Gannala understand the reason the other Empyrean Tusks weren't able to communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor. It was because the Mammoth Ancestor wasn't an Empyrean Tusk but a Mammoth Clansman.

By essence, she was a Clansman. So, only Mammoth Clansmen who had unlocked the fourth phase were able to communicate with her. Generally, only after a Mammoth Clansman reaches the 10-Life Stage would the fourth phase become unlocked naturally.

To unlock it earlier, they'd have to use methods similar to Resha or Inala.

Thanks to the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, Gannala was both a Pranic Beast and a Mammoth Clansman. Hence, she could communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor.

Second was strength. Gannala was strong, but she wasn't yet at a level capable of challenging Raaha. Hence, she made a plan regarding it. Through Orakha, she'll neutralise Raaha's power. Once Raaha becomes powerless, her authority will naturally increase, since she's able to communicate with the Mammoth Ancestor.

She controlled five Mystic Paths and she herself was a Mystic Path inheritor. Moreover, the child between Orakha and Maroppa would be a Mammoth Clansman part of her Settlement.

Her immune system was already the strongest in the Mammoth Clan. Ganala herself wasn't planning to stay still either. She intended to reach the 2-Life Stage as soon as possible, which was why she arrived at the Zahara Kingdom on her own.

The Wean Clansmen were all at the Gold Grade, having a maturity ranging between two to eight years depending on the concentration of their Empyrean Boar gene. The higher the concentration, the closer their maturity speed resembled an Empyrean Boar's.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala was born through Brangara's blood as he consumed his entire race of Empyrean Boars. They had an ill-fated relationship.

Brangara became the Empyrean Boar King after consuming a lot of Mammoth Clansman. Similarly, the Supreme Tusk Gannala came about by consuming Empyrean Boars.

Both had evolved after consuming each other. Therefore, as the Supreme Tusk's successor, Gannala was able to mature faster by consuming Empyrean Boars, similar to how Brangara matured by consuming Empyrean Tusks.

As long as she consumed the body of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, Gannala would mature a bit faster, but the efficiency paled in comparison to consuming an Empyrean Boar. The case was the same for Brangara too.

It was why she was here. Gannala awaited the day when the population of the Wean Clan reached a certain number before she could partake in her feast. That way, she'll progress through the Life Stage.

And the power that gave her the confidence to enact such a plan was the Mammoth Ancestor's inheritances.

Throughout her life, Mahira Tusk fought against the Mudropper Race's repeated invasions. During her fight, she created Weaponisation and formulated various means to effectively use it.

In battle, it was tough to satisfy hundreds of conditions. As a result, she ended up creating the Dance of Annihilation, a means through which she could influence the target's Prana until they become Nature Weapons.

After obtaining the Dance of Annihilation, Gannala spent her time researching the ability. With a Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, her foundation surpassed Mahira Tusk, allowing her to glean the truth faster.

Weaponisation was an ability that Mahira Tusk derived from Internal Inertial Gravity. Yes, it was originally a Prime Skill developed by her that employed Internal Inertial Gravity which eventually grew in influence and ended up giving her a mutation, becoming her Secondary Nature.

Weaponisation, in essence, was to trap the target in a biome by connecting the target's body, mind, and soul with the biome itself. This biome became the Nature Weapon.

The hardest part was to link the target's body, mind, and soul to the biome. Basically, their Prana must circulate between the body and the biome. Furthermore, the biome's influence should keep the target's Primary Nature active.

It was unknown how Mahira Tusk managed to do this manually until the biome turned into a Nature Weapon. Even though Gannala understood the process, she was unable to replicate it at the moment.

But she did understand why Weaponisation was unable to affect targets with more than one Nature. It's because linking their body to the biome—Nature Weapon—was impossible, as there were two or more influences in their body.

The link was a bridge between the influence of Internal Inertial Gravity and Mystic Bone Art contained in the biome and the influence generated in the target body through their Primary Nature. Through this link, the biome's influence flowed into the target and affected the influence in their body, through which their power was harnessed.

A streamlined flow was attained to achieve the power of a Nature Weapon. But with two or more influences, there would only be turbulence, making it impossible for the biome's influence to form a link.

Mahira Tusk's action of creating Weaponisation won Gannala's respect. And the more she researched into it, the greater her admiration increased towards the Mammoth Ancestor.

Mahira Tusk waged her final battle at Karuta Hill in the Brimgan Empire, where the last of the Mudropper Race severed her tusk. She left her destructive influence in this tusk, symbolising her desire to kill all her enemies.

That was the Dance of Annihilation.

Conversely, her birthplace, the Gaja Enclave, was one of the first regions to be destroyed by the Mudroppers and made a part of the Sandy Grey Void. In her desire to reclaim her home, Mahira Tusk developed her second power, which was the Dance of Restoration.

The Dance of Annihilation allows her to transform her target into a Nature Weapon from afar. Upon equipping the Nature Weapon, she then uses the Dance of Recovery to heal the region from the effects unleashed by the target.

The Gaja Enclave was turned into the Sandy-Grey Void by the Mudroppers. After equipping a Mudropper's Nature Weapon in her Tertiary Nature slot, Mahira Tusk used the Dance of Recovery to recover Gaja Enclave, erasing the Sandy Grey Void that was there.

But of course, by the time she managed to create the Dance of Recovery, too much time had passed, which was why the Gaja Enclave failed to return to its original condition. To date, it remained a barren region where only a small population of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts could survive.

Back in the day, it was where the predecessors of the Empyrean Tusks lived in large numbers.

The more Gannala researched the Dance of Annihilation, the more she understood Mahira Tusk's thoughts. It was why she became assured that Mahira Tusk had left behind another inheritance at the Gaja Enclave, the birthplace of the Mammoth Clan.

After venturing out alone, Gannala arrived at the Gaja Enclave and inherited the Dance of Recovery. Following that, she entered the Zahara Kingdom.

The Mammoth Clan currently had settled in a place underneath a forest near the Brimgan Empire—which was home to the Enrinos.

They had erased all traces to ensure no one would have any information about the Mammoth Clan's actions. They had positioned themselves in an abundant region in the blessed land and were relying upon Blola to obtain as much resources as they needed.

Using that, they were stealthily developing, focusing on raising their Bone Viper population and also working on nurturing Mammoth Clansmen with Gold Grade strength. In human forms, the Empyrean Tusks didn't need much resources to upkeep their functions.

Hence, they could afford to nurture Mammoth Clansmen with Gold Grade strength. While they were focusing on that, Gannala exited the place to head to the Gaja Enclave.

Now, she intended to gather information regarding the Wean Clan and observe how many Free Humans they were getting as their spouses. Based on that, she'll be able to calculate when the population of the Wean Clan will grow big enough for her to target.

Moreover, there was a reason she was targeting Raaha and intended to give Orakha the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle first. It was due to a memory that was a part of her inheritance, originating from Renduldu himself.

When Renduldu consumed the Silver Empyrean Tentacle, he obtained its Nature as his Secondary Nature. But even after that, he remained an Iron Empyrean Tentacle. Basically, he had to endure the influence of a Silver Grade Nature, which messed with his mind.

Iron Grade Pranic Beasts didn't have sentience, so enduring the influence of a powerful Nature was impossible. And when he consumed the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, he went insane. As his mind shattered, Mahira Tusk was able to fully influence his mind.

And by the time his mind started to heal as the three Natures harmonised and allowed him to become a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, Renduldu had fully become Mahira Tusk's pet. 'At that decisive moment, Orakha's mind will become weaker. That's when I'll faintly influence him so that he develops affection for the Mammoth Clan.'

That was merely one of her objectives. She had a bigger goal to attain through Orakha.



Chapter 613 Gannala’s Long-Term Plan

In the inheritance, Renduldu simply stated that Mahira Tusk's actions helped form his mind faster. He didn't care about what she had done to him, since before that, he didn't have sentience. The influence from his Silver Grade Secondary Nature had already destroyed whatever intelligence he had long ago.

It was a necessary process he had to go through to become a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. As a result, Renduldu didn't blame Mahira Tusk. Instead, he honoured her actions. After all, without her, he would have either died or been consumed by the other two Empyrean Tentacle variants.

It was only thanks to Mahira Tusk's support that an Iron Empyrean Tentacle reached Mystic Grade. Moreover, depending on their birth variant, and the order of variants they consumed, the power they could unleash—through the harmonisation of their three Natures—upon becoming a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle varies.

Future Sight was the power Renduldu created upon entering Mystic Grade. He was the sole Mystic Empyrean Tentacle with this power.

Future Sight worked by calculating all the variables present in a region and predicting the future based on it. The process was merely mathematical, done repeatedly to increase the accuracy of the result.

When Renduldu became a Transcendent, his three Natures fused to become a Transcendent Nature, conceptualising Future Sight into what he used on Resha.

The current Mammoth Clan was actually the second generation that Mahira Tusk had created. The first generation all possessed the Primary Nature of Weaponisation, which resulted in their unified annihilation when Mahira Tusk performed the Dance of Annihilation.

It was why she introduced a flaw in the Mammoth Clan's cultivation journey and made them fuse with Pranic Beasts at the Body Stage instead.

But, what about the first generation who had become Nature Weapons? Through the Dance of Recovery, Mahira Tusk was able to revert the Nature Weapons into the Mammoth Clansmen.

There was no information about it anywhere, whether in the Mammoth Clan or in the records of powerful Pranic Beast races that Mahira Tusk had been involved with.

Even in the Gaja Enclave, there was only a severed tusk—Mahira Tusk's second tusk—buried deep underground. All it contained was the Dance of Recovery, which crumbled into powder once Gannala absorbed all the Dance of Recoveries in it.

As there was no information about the Nature Weapons created through the first generation of Mammoth Clansmen, Gannala began to think of the various possibilities. As she had inheritances from all Empyrean Tusks, she focused on fragmented pieces of information.

It was how she realised there was a first generation.

Honestly, it didn't take her long to figure out the answer—Mammoth Treasury!

The Mammoth Treasury was an Influenced Region carried in the brain of the 1st Empyrean Tusk from Mahira Tusk's time. The power of the Major Treasure in it was said to be a container holding the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power.

As she thought about it, Gannala felt confused at first. How could the Mammoth Clan Chiefs obtain the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle from the Mammoth Treasury without fusing with its egg?

It made sense for the first Mammoth Clan Chief with the power to have obtained it, since it could be argued that he found the egg. But what about the second Chief? How did the Mammoth Clan consistently obtain the egg?

The answer became simple after that. There was no egg.

Mahira Tusk experimented upon the first Mammoth Clan generation. Since they all had the Primary Nature of Weaponisation, it meant they were all at the Gold Grade. She simply used them as resources until one of them became a Major Treasure.

As to how she succeeded, Gannala wasn't sure. But somehow, Mahira Tusk managed to create a Major Treasure that held the power of Weaponisation. And the form it had was to store in the power of any one Pranic Beast.

So, when a Mammoth Clan is deemed suitable, the Major Treasure would grant this Pranic Beast's power to the Mammoth Clansman similar to equipping the Nature Weapon onto a Nature slot. As it was a Major Treasure, it directly made it their power.

Mahira Tusk used this upon the Gold Empyrean Tentacle, storing it in the Mammoth Treasury. The first person she granted the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power through the Mammoth Treasury was Renduldu.

Once Renduldu became a Transcendent, the Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles could spawn on Sumatra again. And due to the power of the Mammoth Treasury, the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power returned to it.

After that, the Mammoth Clan Chief of that generation obtained the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power. When he got killed by the Boar King, the power returned to the Mammoth Treasury, after which another Mammoth Clan Chief obtained it.

The third person to do so was Raaha. And when Raaha dies, the power returns to the Mammoth Treasury. This was the foundation Mahira Tusk had laid for the Mammoth Clan to remain prosperous.

After all, with the power of the Gold Empyrean Tentacle on their side, they'll remain strong. Gannala's target was exactly that—the Mammoth Treasury.

"During her time, the strongest Nature she could store in the Mammoth Treasury was the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's Nature of Thought Condensation." Gannala muttered, "But things are different in the current era. Many Mystic Grade Natures have appeared."

She possessed two of them: Weaponisation, and Drifting Tunnel.

Yarsha Zahara had one, Inala had two, and Brangara had three. A Mystic Grade Nature Weapon—with the Bludder's power— was used on Ruvva.

There were already so many Mystic Grade Natures on Sumatra and the number would only increase in the future. The Mammoth Ancestor's foresight was tremendously valuable, but it'll soon become irrelevant.

Hence, the power within Mammoth Treasury had to be changed to a Mystic Grade Nature. It's a known fact that a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast cannot be naturally born on Sumatra Continent.

But does that statement stay true for a Major Treasure? Treasures—whether Minor or Major—operated at laws surpassing Sumatra. So, if Gannala manages to place a Mystic Grade Nature in the Mammoth Treasury, then will the one getting its power enter the Mystic Grade?

It may happen or it may not happen. The Mammoth Treasury had been created through a Gold Grade Mammoth Clansman who possessed Weaponisation.

Then, if that foundation was increased to the Mystic Grade? Gannala had a spare Mystic Grade Weaponisation—Virala—to use for this purpose. She planned to use him and make changes to the Major Treasure within Mammoth Treasury.

Once she succeeds, she'll fuse with the Major Treasure and gain extra power. Then, she'll become even stronger. One of the ingredients she was on the lookout for was none other than the Wean Clan's Primary Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation.

The Wean Clan's Natures were special. When in human form, they only had their Primary Nature. Only after transforming into an Empyrean Boar would their Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature appear.

So, as long as they were in human form, Gannala's Weaponisation was effective against them. Upon getting the Nature Weapon, she could equip it on other Pranic Beasts, transform them into Empyrean Boars, and consume them.

It didn't matter even if those Pranic Beasts went insane due to the influence of the Nature Weapon. Gannala will simply recycle the Nature Weapon's worth to mature faster. She could make these transformed Empyrean Boars consume Blola's Transcendent Eater form to mature faster, following which she would consume them.

For that to happen, she sneaked into the Zahara Kingdom, knowing very well that once Brangara had stabilised, he would bring the Wean Clan here to find mates for his children to increase the number of Wean Clansmen.

It would be a grand event across the Zahara Kingdom. Many Free Human Kingdoms would participate too, having learnt of the information through their spies. No one would miss the opportunity to obtain the Celestial Boar's protection.

So, there would be chaos during that time. And of course, Gannala was acting behind the scenes to ensure information from the spies reached their respective Kingdoms as fast as possible through the tunnels she had created.

The Pranic Beasts carrying the info would suddenly experience a long fall in a gravity-filled tunnel, at the end of which, it would find itself a lot closer to its destination than it could have travelled on foot. Moreover, its survival chances were almost guaranteed during the travel thanks to the tunnels.

When Free Humans from other Kingdoms succeed in bearing a Wean Clansman, there would be chaos due to the politics involved. While these Kingdoms use this chance to either forge a relationship with Brangara or sneak away with the Wean Clan spawn, Gannala would use the opportunity to make a haul for herself.

'It starts in a month.' She took a broom and began to sweep the rundown tea house's floor, 'During this time, I'll finalise my preparations.'

"I'll change the Major Treasure in such a way that I can use its power, even when my Nature slots are filled." Gannala tightened her hold over her broom, "It's even better if that plan fails. As long as fusing with the Major Treasure can give me extra Nature slots, it's a win for me."

"I need to prepare more." Her sweeping actions slowed as she observed her trembling fingers, 'The pressure I'm feeling upon taking this daunting task upon myself is unbearable.'

"Is this what Dad had to live with for two decades while preparing to become the Royal Zinger?" Whether her Mammoth Clan self liked or disliked the thought mattered naught. She, as Gannala, was wholeheartedly in awe of her father.

Now that she was slowly treading upon his footsteps, Gannala was able to understand him at a level deeper than when she passively read his thoughts. Scheming against allies, scheming against enemies, and formulating plans that everyone would think were absurd, all while living in hiding by taking on a double, triple life, was terrifyingly impressive.

Just now, she was starting to understand it. "Maybe one day, I can see you eye to eye, Inala."



Chapter 614 Free Human Kingdom Caravans

﻿﻿The canine Pranic Beast was injured, running about in the wilds while being chased by a group of Pranic Beasts. It fled in the direction of the scent that continued to draw it in the respective direction. No matter how injured it got, it continued to run.

Suddenly, when it sprinted through a grassy patch, its body collapsed into the ground, falling through a long tunnel that seemed to stretch for infinity. When the tunnel appeared, the Pranic Beasts chasing after the canine Pranic Beast screeched to a halt, howling in anger at losing their prey.

They dared not jump into the tunnel, for it seemed to be an invitation to death. As they lingered around in the area, the tunnel entrance closed up naturally. Soon, there were no traces of it left in the region.

Only an Empyrean Snapper would be able to detect that a Drifting Tunnel had existed here. In a similar fashion, many such Pranic Beasts selectively targeted by spies placed in the Zahara Kingdom found their way into these Drifting Tunnels and made their way to their respective destinations.

'It's going well.' Gannala said as she continued to activate and deactivate the tunnels as necessary.

The canine Pranic Beast continued to fall helplessly for close to two days, with its speed of descent controlled. The terminal velocity it had attained was a lot lower than what it could have attained if it free fell from a mountain on Sumatra.

Gannala had ensured that the friction generated by its fall didn't end up killing it during the journey. Thanks to her consideration, it reached the end of the tunnel and fell out, forming a small arc before it landed on the ground.

The gravity at this point was weak enough for its falling momentum to have almost been negated. As a result, the arc it made barely reached a height of three metres before it landed on the ground.

The canine Pranic Beast growled in pain. All its joints ached, and it was going made due to hunger. But all this did was to strengthen its desire for the meat sack, for it could smell that the meat sack was closer now, way closer.

Taking less than a few seconds to gather its bearings, the canine Pranic beast sprinted with all its might, travelling for less than an hour before it reached a vast grassland. The plains stretched for hundreds of kilometres.

And at a spot thirty metres deeper into the plains existed a massive valley with its breadth reaching twenty kilometres. The deepest point in the valley was situated at a depth of six kilometres.

The valley stretched for close to forty kilometres and became home to the Burac Kingdom. By now, the canine Pranic Beast was bleating in exhaustion, dragging its legs as it approached the entrance of the valley.

From its position on the plains, the valley seemed no different from a crack in the ground, as if parted due to a massive earthquake in the past. Pranic Beasts generally avoided this place, for there was a good chance they'd fall to their deaths.

However, the canine Pranic Beast limped its way into the entrance, for it smelled that the meat sack was close, almost within reach. Unfortunately for it, that was the end of its travel path as a spear pierced through its neck and bled it to its death.

"This isn't a Pranic Beast native to this region. Check its stomach first." A soldier who seemed to be the leader announced as a group of Free Humans rushed out of the valley and began to dissect the canine Pranic Beast's stomach.

Soon, they fished out the meat sack from within, one that was protecting a scroll in its centre. "Indeed, it's a message from our spy."

"I hope they stole a good cultivation technique this time." One of the soldiers muttered when he was smacked on the back of his head by the superior who yanked the scroll and unfurled it.

"Only officers are permitted to look into information brought by our spies." The officer said and read through the scroll, which was an announcement released by the Zahara King. As he read till the end, his face flushed red in excitement, "Opportunity! This is an opportunity of a lifetime!"

"Our Kingdom can turn its fate around with this!" Exclaiming in excitement, the officer left his duty and made a beeline to their palace.

The Burac Kingdom had been established 80 years ago when three nearby Kingdoms fell under a Pranic Beast invasion on the level of a Minor Crisis.

Even the Ganrimb Kingdom at the Sanrey Plains, able to develop freely without worries about Pranic Beast invasions failed to withstand a Minor Crisis. This was despite them having a foundation derived from the Brimgan Empire, possessing a large number of cultivators with Silver Grade strength, and even Fhoong Brimgan, a 6-Life Stage cultivator with Gold Grade strength.

He was a Prince from the Brimgan Empire, which meant that he was capable of killing a Gold Grade Pranic Beast in a one-on-one battle. But despite that, the Ganrimb Kingdom was wiped out.

The situation of the Kingdoms in the wild was worse. And the three Kingdoms caught in the wake of a Minor Crisis suffered disastrous losses. Unable to guard their large territories anymore after losing most of their battle strength, the refugees combined their might and fled the place.

Eventually, they settled at a place that was later named Burac Valley. For the past eight decades, the Burac Kingdom developed in the Burac Valley. They captured and reared cattle-type Pranic Beasts, using them to graze across the vast plains and lived on the by-products produced by them.

As the land within the valley was bedrock, no vegetation grew on it. Hence, the Burac Kingdom depended on these Pranic Beasts and developed cultivation techniques related to controlling them.

The method used by the spy on the canine Pranic Beast was one such ability. It was through these, the Free Humans of the Burac Kingdom controlled a few cattle-type Pranic Beasts each.

But the horrors from eight years ago were evident in their memories, especially the ones with Silver Grade strength who had lived through the troubled times. Hence, Burac Kingdom hoped to strengthen themselves by any means necessary to one day, turn their fate around.

Towards that, they dispatched spies to all Kingdoms and Empires they had knowledge of. The spies, those that survived the journey, would gather information from these Free Human Kingdoms and Empires and transmit it to the Burac Kingdom.

They experienced some success in the past couple of decades, which allowed them to increase the number of their Silver Grade cultivators to thirty, which was a sizeable amount for a weak Free Human Kingdom.

The palace was carved into the walls of the valley, leading into a large throne room adorned with luminescent grass that illuminated the place. In the plains surrounding them, a plethora of grass varieties grew, with some of them having luminescent properties.

These grasses were transplanted into the walls of the throne room to illuminate it. Pretty much every single dwelling in the Burac Kingdom was built into the wall of the valley. Hence, they depended on these grass varieties for illumination.

Currently, the officer was kneeling twenty metres away from the Burac King with bated breath. All people of importance stared at the officer's expectant look in puzzlement.

"This is…terrific!" The Burac King bellowed towards the end, in excitement, "If we succeed in this, our future is set!"

The Burac King stared at the various nobles in the throne room, "The Wean Clan is looking for suitors. They're currently at the Zahara Kingdom. If we succeed, we'll obtain support from the Boar King…no, the Celestial Boar!"

"Celestial Boar? What's that?" The nobles discussed in confusion.

"It seems the Boar King evolved to become an even higher existence." The Burac King analysed, "But, that doesn't matter. What's of utmost importance is that we have a chance to become relatives to this pinnacle existence, one who stands mountains above Deities."

"I hope the King reconsiders!" One of the nobles with the highest authority stood up to protest, "We're Free Humans. It's an insult to become tangled with Clansmen, especially when our talks with the Brimgan Empire are going well. It's not far before we're treated as a Satellite State to the grand Brimgan Empire!"

"Yes, if they were to know that we intend to become acquainted with the Wean Clan, the Brimgan Empire will annihilate us first." Another noble said.

"This is risky, Your Majesty!" A third noble protested.

"All of you make a valid point, but tell me one thing." The Burac Kingdom stared at all the protestors and asked, "Which is closer to us, the Brimgan Empire or the Varahan Enclave?"

His question shut up everyone, "It takes years to get here from the Brimgan Empire. Moreover, the journey is perilous. So, even if we become recognised as their Satellite State, the benefits that reach here will be a pitiful sum due to the sheer distance involved. Instead, it's better to become involved with the Wean Clan."

"With the Celestial Boar's protection, we'll be able to prosper faster!" The Burac King announced his decision, making the scribes write down his command, "Summon every able-bodied youth in our Kingdom! Gather everyone with a bit of talent or appearance. As long as at least one of our people succeeds, we'll have a peaceful future."

"Nobles!" The Burac King commanded all the nobles, "Empty all your coffers to create robust carriages that can take us to the Zahara Kingdom in three weeks. Leave behind only the minimum most cultivators necessary for our Kingdom's security. Send everyone else to escort our youths to the Zahara Kingdom!"

"I'll personally arrange for a diplomatic visit to the Zahara Kingdom!" The Burac King announced, "The Zahara King wouldn't be able to outright refuse our visit as he has to give me face."

"Now, hurry with the preparations!" He shouted in the end, "We're setting off in two days! Go! Go! Go! Get to work already!"

With that, the Burac Kingdom stirred in activity. Two days later, a large caravan headed in the direction of the Zahara Kingdom. Moreover, the Burac Kingdom wasn't alone in this endeavour.

Every single struggling Kingdom received the news and made preparations. Some of them received news through their spies while the others received the information from a mysterious individual with Gold Grade strength, given irrefutable proof.

'Good, that adds another Kingdom to the mix.' Gannala thought as she observed the caravan heading out of a Kingdom. With a thought, she exited the Nature Slot of the body she had been occupying and stored it in her stomach biome.

Following that, she found another suitable Pranic Beast, "Ok, this will work for my next disguise."

She entered the Pranic Beast's Secondary Nature slot, activated her Tertiary Nature of Cultivator to make the Pranic Beast assume human form, and through her Inhibition Needle, she made the individual exhibit the presence of a Free Human.

A little bit of control from her and the Free Human emitted Gold Grade presence, making the information coming out of the body hold significant weight to Free Human Kings. After all, the Free Human Kings only had Silver Grade strength.

A Free Human with Gold Grade strength was no different from a Brimgan Prince or Princess to them. With that, Gannala continued to instigate multiple Free Human Kingdoms to send a large volume of people to the Zahara Kingdom and protected them along the journey, ensuring that they all arrived at their destination safely.

'The greater the chaos, the easier it becomes for me to take action in the open.' Gannala thought as she rushed through the wilds and made a beeline towards another Free Human Kingdom.



Chapter 615 I’m Excitedly Waiting For You

﻿﻿"Stop! Please don't make it hard on us!" A group of guards stood at the entrance of Zahara Kingdom and shouted at the group that had arrived. "You're not invited, please return!"

"I want to see with what qualifications you can say it!" The leader of the caravan grunted and released his presence. He was a powerful Free Human with a Silver Grade Human Avatar, one of the fiercest Generals of his Kingdom, and had personally ventured deep into Pranic Beast territories to slay their strongest.

But the moment he released his presence, it felt like he was standing at a shore, facing a cyclone. The sky and ocean had connected to become a spiralling wall of clouds, gushing down on him. And he, was naught but an inconsequential sand castle before this disaster.

"Huff…puff!" The leader of the caravan collapsed to the ground, unable to gather a sliver of strength anymore. His Spirit Container had cracked to a dangerous level, oozing out Prana. If he doesn't focus on repairing it, he will lose his cultivation and will have to live without a Spirit Container.

In Sumatra, being unable to use Prana was a fate worse than death. To anyone other than the Seven Mystic Paths, it was impossible to go from zero units of Prana to one unit of Prana.

'What…the fuck was that?' The leader of the caravan barely managed to get his breathing under control as he lifted his head and stared at an unassuming rock pillar positioned at the side of the Zahara Kingdom's gate.

"General!" The people behind him shouted in fluster upon seeing his state and pulled out their weapons, intending to wage a war against the guards, "How dare you disrespect us like this?"

"The Zahara Kingdom has indeed grown arrogant." Followed by a loud comment, a man who seemed to have just entered old age sauntered to the front. His every step held power, a sort of authority gained from commanding people all his life.

The grass-weaved crown on his head shone faintly, symbolising that he was the King of the Burac Kingdom. 'I need to control my strength. It seems that rock pillar only reacts when an external party unleashes their strength.'

He thought and stared at the General nearby, who hailed from another Kingdom, 'Pitiful man, he probably felt the brunt of the Celestial Boar's presence. He probably won't be able to muster the courage to fight again in this lifetime.'

"I'm the Burac Kingdom's King." The Burac King introduced himself, "We've come from afar to meet the Zahara King. Convey my greetings to your King!"

"Will you handle the consequences of dilly-dallying?" The Burac King stared at the guards in anger, mentally pressuring them, preventing them from thinking of a reason to refuse entry to them.

"T-That…" The guards stared at each other, feeling helpless, unable to decide what to do. They received strict orders from their higher-ups to increase securing during the Wean Selection, which was the name dubbed to the event where all eligible candidates in the Zahara Kingdom went through a variety of contests to appeal to the four Wean Clansmen.

Hence, the guards wanted to prevent entry for these outsiders. Unfortunately for them, there were countless powerful people among these outsiders. Some of them had a lot of authority too.

Currently, two caravans had arrived at the Zahara Kingdom's entrance. And in the short few hours they were made to wait, a third caravan had arrived, joining the fold in pressuring the guards.

There were over eighty guards at the entrance, nervous as they were hurled abuses by the visitors. If the situation continued to escalate, there would be a war. The Zahara Kingdom couldn't handle something like that.

After all, people from these Kingdoms would infiltrate the Zahara Kingdom and cause it to collapse from within. As they were all Free Humans, a war between them would be equally devastating for both parties.

And if more than a dozen Free Human Kingdoms declare the Zahara Kingdom as their enemy, even if they had the Celestial Boar's protection, they would collapse. The enemy wouldn't dare wage a war in the open but would enact sneakier tactics.

Poisoning their water sources, assassinating people, mixing with the people to start fake families, and brainwashing the next generation to become antagonistic to the Zahara Royalty, etc. There were more methods to state than one could remember.

As the guards were perplexed, a figure walked into their midst, allowing them to relax, "The Prince is here!"

"Thank goodness, you're here, Prince!" The soldiers clamoured towards him and poured all their worries upon him.

Hearing everything they had vented, Shuwrak Zahara nodded in acknowledgement, "You've done well. Now, leave the rest to me. Just form a neat file behind me and take on an imposing stature. I'll take care of them."

The gates opened with grand fanfare as Shuwrak Zahara sauntered out with dignity and stared at the leaders of the three caravans, "My fellow Free Human friends, the journey must have been taxing. Let me represent the Zahara Kingdom and invite you to get some rest inside."

"Good," The Burac King nodded and motioned for his caravan to follow him as he followed Shuwrak Zahara. "I was getting tired of waiting."

"It took some time for the message to reach us, so I apologise for the wait." Shuwrak Zahara expressed his apology, "Please get some rest in the establishment we've made for your excellency. A meeting has been arranged for tomorrow with the Zahara King."

"Mhm," The Burac King nodded with a stoic face, but internally, his heart thumped in excitement, 'We've crossed the first hurdle, which was to enter the Zahara Kingdom. Now, I need to focus on getting my people to participate in the contest to become a part of the Wean Clan.'

The caravan entered a town that had been erected from scratch in the past hour and hurriedly decorated. The Zahara Royalty received information the moment the first caravan arrived. They just decided to keep the so-called 'guests' waiting to gain some political advantage.

In the meantime, they build a town to house the visitors. This way, it was easy to manage and control them. Also, in case talks between the various groups went haywire, they could target the visitors with greater ease.

Standing in disguise on the walls of the city situated closest to the town was the Zahara King, gazing at the long stream of carriages entering the town in worry, "This is insane. All the carriages are filled with men and women of age. Their purpose is damn clear."

"This is actually good for us." Yarsha Zahara commented from the side with a smile, "Our Kingdom lacks the number of talented people we need to build the Wean Clan. So, their visit saves us a lot of time."

"Wouldn't that make a mess of things?" The Zahara King expressed his worry, "The Wean Clan will experience a lot of internal politics as a result."

"All these people wish to be associated with the Wean Clan for benefits. They want to reap everything of value from the Wean Clan to strengthen their respective factions." The Zahara King expressed his anger.

"Aren't we the same?" Yarsha Zahara laughed, "When my husband appeared here, didn't we do the exact same? And now, our Kingdom is growing stronger every year. In half a century, we'll become an Empire."

"They all want a piece of the pie. I understand that. And it's exactly what I want too." She proclaimed.

"What do you mean by that?" The Zahara King frowned.

"All these Free Human Kingdoms would become satellite states of the Wean Clan. They'll exist to serve us. And conversely, the Wean Clan will be able to exert strength through them." Yarsha Zahara smiled as she stared at her father, causing him to shudder instinctively, "From the Varahan Enclave to the farthest Free Human Kingdom under us will all be part of the Wean Clan's territory."

"The resources required for an Empyrean Boar to grow and reach maturity is significantly high. Through them, we can save a lot of time and effort." She concluded.

"How are you going to achieve that?" The Zahara King asked, only to be met with silence.

As for the person in question, Yarsha Zahara, she was happily staring at the incoming caravans with an excited expression, 'The Burac Kingdom is situated 840 kilometres from here. From the time Father announced the Wean Selection to now, it has only been 22 days. There doesn't exist a proper route between the two Kingdoms, not to mention the dangers present along the way.'

'For a message to reach them alone would have taken close to a month or more. They've arrived here too fast.' She then stared at the second caravan, 'This Kingdom ought to have journeyed through an even more treacherous route. But not only have their casualties been minimal, but they've been as fast as the Burac Kingdom.'

'Obviously, someone's helping them.' She nodded in thought, getting excited, 'There aren't many with the capabilities to do something like this. It must either be Inala or the Mammoth Clan.'

'In any case, let them come. I have prepared enough to trap them.' She quickly controlled her grin and approached her children, whispering in their ears, "You've all practiced the Skills I've taught you, right?"

"Yes," Brana nodded, clenching his hand into a fist, "This time, I'll detect Virala without fail if he approaches us while hidden in the Nature Slot of someone."

"Don't forget Gannala." Barla cautioned him, "She too has Weaponisation."

"I know, but I have personal enmity against Virala." Brana grunted as he stared at Yarsha Zahara, "Are you sure they'll take action during the Wean Selection?"

"They're probably already here." Yarsha Zahara grinned, "It's time we exact revenge on these fuckers for everything they've done to us!"

"I'll be the one to avenge Yaha and Hara." Barla gritted her teeth in anger.



Chapter 616 Breathe, Dammit! Breathe!

﻿﻿"Hmmm…hm…mmhmm!" Whistling a tune while returning to the palace was Yarsha Zahara, accompanying her four children. She seemed to be the only individual relaxed in this situation. Her children were alert, almost to the level of being paranoid, looking around for enemies.

"You know, to fool your enemy, you need to fool yourself first." She said while continuing to whistle, "Act like you're oblivious to everything. Only then there's a chance you can make your enemy let down their guard."

"Your current selves aren't fooling anyone." She chuckled.

"It's easier said than done, mother." Brana grumbled, failing to tone down the killing intent displayed in his eyes, "How can you expect me to remain cool when the killer of my sisters is out there?"

"Well, you won't be able to catch your killer otherwise." Yarsha Zahara's tone turned mildly serious, "Having strength alone is insufficient. You also need a flexible mind to act upon a variety of situations. Moreover, you need to have the guts to dare do whatever you want."

'Like Inala, Virala, and Resha.' She thought, but didn't say it out loud.

Inala lived a double life right in front of her and Brangara and used their help to further his plans. Virala barged into her home and stole all her accumulations and the second time he did it, the result was the birth of Ruvva. Finally, Resha dared kill two of Brangara's children in front of his eyes.

Unless one had absolute guts, they wouldn't dare scheme against the supreme existence of Sumatra. Of course, among them, the one Yarsha Zahara hated the most was currently Resha. After all, that bastard killed two of her children.

Her second target was Virala, for he was currently in custody of her seventh child, Ruvva. Finally, her third target was to eliminate the Royal Zinger, someone whom even the Celestial Boar deemed a threat.

Of course, she seethed in rage because of this, and not a moment passed by when she wished to do nothing but kill them all. But she had to hold it all inside, knowing very well that when ill-prepared, the one losing would be her side.

Their carriage was controlled by a driver who had built it out of his Human Avatar. This cultivation technique was stolen from the Brimgan Empire, amongst various techniques that Yarsha Zahara had gained access to when she had a high status in Fentan City.

Among them, she selected the cultivation techniques whose minerals were available in their region. The result of that was the appearance of psychokinesis-driven carriages similar to the Brimgan Empire.

In terms of strength or development, Zahara Kingdom was no different from a dilapidated village when compared to a futuristic metropolitan like the Brimgan Empire. Having lived there for some time, Yarsha Zahara felt out of touch when she returned home.

There was…nothing here. The cultivation techniques were horrible at best, the mining practices were minimal at best and the refineries for purifying minerals from the ore were horrendous beyond measure.

It made her wonder how the Zahara Kingdom stood tall for as long as it did. Hence, whenever she had time, Yarsha Zahara worked on developing her Kingdom. The psychokinesis-driven carriages were just one such technology.

A few hours of travel later, the carriage arrived at the palace. Upon seeing the time it took to travel from the entrance to the palace which was situated in the centre of the Zahara Kingdom, Yarsha Zahara sighed once again, 'The entire Zahara Kingdom is as big as three cities of the Brimgan Empire combined.'

The reason she constantly made constant comparisons with the Brimgan Empire was to face it in the future. After all, Brangara had erased a sizeable chunk of the Brimgan Empire's population from existence. Therefore, once the Brimgan Empire recovers from the damage, they'll wage a war.

And the one leading them would be none other than Boul Brimgan, 'He didn't exist in my previous life. But the strength he displayed during the Second Major Disaster was unreal. If left unchecked, he'll grow to become even more terrifying.'

She closed her eyes and observed the golden feline stuck in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. Its eyes shot open upon feeling her gaze, glaring at her, 'It's getting harder and harder to control it. I don't think I'll be able to take advantage of its power for long.'

She sighed at the thought. The golden feline was something she had been using as a mount for the past three years. Not only did it have a mind of its own, its senses were sharper than hers. Moreover, it also acted as a reserve of Prana for her.

With a thought, she could absorb all the Prana from its body, which made it very valuable. Forget everything, just the sheer speed at which it could run made it in a class of its own. When she tested its speed, she was shocked to see that it could break through the sound barrier.

Of course, going at that speed was immensely draining on its Prana reserves, but the fact that it could go at those speeds itself was terrifying. 'If possible, I would love to retain it. But as Boul Brimgan grows in strength, this will continue to wrestle out of my control.'

The day it breaks free of Yarsha Zahara's control is the day Boul Brimgan's Secondary Nature harmonised perfectly with the Major Treasure of Deity, resulting in a power capable of wrestling free from her Mystic Grade Nature of Incident Nature Reflection.

"Go and train." Yarsha Zahara nudged at her children and stared at the figure of Brangara who had remained silent throughout the journey, "Shall we head inside."

Brangara nodded as the duo entered her private chambers, following which he collapsed to the ground.

"You're not very obedient, huh?" Yarsha Zahara stared at the figure on the floor and kicked it, "You've managed to not leak out a cry all along,"

"Yennda!"

The one acting as Brangara all along was Yennda. She was actively controlling his actions. Even the time when 'Brangara' helped Shuwrak Zahara in the colosseum was just an act in front of the Zahara King to make it seem the real Brangara was there all along.

Brangara's arms had been grafted onto Yennda's, allowing the latter to emit Brangara's presence. Of course, this was achieved through Yennda's power. Yarsha Zahara had stolen his power to create a skin that Yennda could wear and resemble Brangara.

As she was the one to create it, she made it as such the skin had an affinity to her Prana, which made it easier for her to exert her will on Yennda. Using this, she roamed around with a fake Brangara while the real one was out in the wilds sneakily accumulating power.

Moreover, as long as Brangara remained next to her, her enemies wouldn't target her or her children. Thanks to this, the Wean Clan could grow without needing Brangara to remain at their side. Now, his growth too won't be halted.

Moreover, they had powerful Tangible Natures to protect them during a dangerous situation. It would be enough until Brangara returned.

"This trash…" Yarsha Zahara cursed upon seeing Yennda remain on the ground as an unresponsive carpet, "Why don't you show some dignity?"

Yennda refused to do anything unless he was controlled to do so. This also included simple activities like eating or sleeping. If she didn't force him, he would be happy to die from hunger or experience a brain-cell deterioration from a lack of sleep.

He also went out of his way to stop breathing so that he would die from suffocation, whatever works to kill him. Hence, Yarsha Zahara had to actively control him to breathe, eat, shit, sleep, and behave as Brangara.

The moment she retracted her control over him, he'd try his best to not breathe and suffocate to death. "Bastard!"

She kicked him in anger and watched him cough out blood in response, "Shit!"

She commanded him to focus on healing from the wound and asked, "Say, why don't you cooperate with me voluntarily? If you do, I promise to not torture you. There's even a chance you could live freely here."

"Torture? Did you do that?" Yennda tilted his head in confusion, "When did this happen? And how come I'm only hearing this for the first time?"

"Is that so?" She grumbled and ripped the nail from his index finger, which only served to further her frustration as Yennda stared at her nonchalantly, "Did you lose all sense of pain?"

"I've just learnt to ignore it." Yennda shrugged casually, "Also, you seem to be under the impression that you've been torturing me. But in truth, I feel like I'm on vacation. I don't have to do anything consciously but all my needs are taken care of by you. And I'm even provided ample entertainment. Honestly, it feels like I'm a pampered baby…"

Yarsha Zahara kicked him in the face and dislocated his jaw, "Don't prattle like a…"

She stopped speaking and noticed that all along, while Yennda was talking to her, he wasn't actually breathing. And now, using her kick to the face, he managed to twist his windpipe, successfully choking as a result, "Fuck!"

She hurriedly controlled him to focus on healing and operated on his neck, "Breathe, dammit!"

"Fucking breathe!"



Chapter 617 Who Do You Like The Most?

"You…you piss me off the most!" Yarsha Zahara collapsed on the floor weakly upon succeeding in keeping Yennda alive. She felt the urge to kick the latter's face upon seeing his expression of pity, but upon realising that he would use the chance to die, controlled herself.

Most of the plans she was making to destroy her enemies relied on Yennda's powers. So, if he were to die, it would put a wrench in her plans. It was why she was desperate to keep him alive.

"Thank you for the praise!" Yennda chuckled in response, "Honestly, being here has been more fun than my life at the Mammoth Clan. After all,"

He stared at her in ridicule, "You suck at torture. Even a baby Mammoth Clansman is better at it than you."

Veins popped all over her face and neck as Yarsha Zahara was incensed by his words. Knowing very well that she would kill him if he talked anymore, she got up and made her way to the nearby table, intending to make some tea to drink and relax, "Keep breathing."

"Make a cup for me too." Yennda said, "If you do that, then I promise to put in the hard work to breathe for the next one hour."

"You dare bargain with me?" Yarsha Zahara glared at him, only to see that he was riling her up until she was unable to endure anymore and killed him. In the end, she sighed, "Be obedient for an hour."

"Okay," Yennda nodded, putting ample effort into breathing as he watched Yarsha Zahara brew some tea, speaking after some seconds, "I like it sweet."

"I'll kill you!" She turned around in anger, only to see him flash his neck her way, making it easier for her to sever his head in one clean swipe.

"Why the fuck do all annoyances come to me?" In the end, she could only control herself in frustration as she finished brewing two cups and gave one to Yennda, only to see him refuse to accept it, "Now what?"

"It's not good manners to drink tea while sprawled on the floor like this," Yennda spoke with a pitiful expression.

"Fine, take a seat." She grumbled and made him sit at a chair farther away. The room was silent for a few minutes, after which, she stared at him with a puzzled expression, "Say…"

"Make me speak…" Yennda retorted like clockwork. "I'm not talking otherwise."

'Once this is all over, I'm going to beat him up until I've fully vented.' Yarsha Zahara controlled her urges and exercised her will to force Yennda to talk, "How different is Earth from Sumatra?"

"It's different enough," Yennda said, speaking slowly upon being urged by Yarsha, "We have carriages like those in the Brimgan Empire. But the underlying technology is different."

"How do they work?" She asked next.

"Internal combustion engine," Yennda said, "Vehicles fitted with them are the most common."

"Are you able to make one?" Yarsha Zahara asked once she understood a brief function of the engine.

"I can, but it won't work here." Yennda said, "The fuel necessary for it to work isn't present in Sumatra. I've been to many places but haven't managed to find any."

"Can't you make it?" She asked next, smiling upon seeing him nod.

"It might take some time, but I'm confident about building a car. But if you're happy with blowing money for a useless creation, I'm happy to oblige." Yennda said with ridicule.

"Can't you speak normally?" Yarsha Zahara growled, "Do you have to instigate me with every fucking sentence that comes out of your mouth?"

"Well, you can always control my speech patterns, just as what you do when I have to behave as Brangara in public." Yennda smiled.

'My brain will melt if I have to exercise that extent of control continuously.' Yarsha Zahara waved her hand, "Fine, I'll just ignore your taunts. Just tell me the reason why you think it's a waste of money."

"They're not versatile enough and are prone to damage. Instead, creating a carriage through a Human Avatar like in the Brimgan Empire is profitable. If it gets damaged, the creator only needs to suck the damaged parts back into his Human Avatar, disassemble the structure into a mineral, and spit it out as a new one." He said, "The cost of repair is minimal. He's at most using up twenty to thirty units of Prana."

"On the other hand, a car requires too many moving materials." Yennda shook his head, "If it gets damaged, making repairs will take days. The fuel used to run it is volatile, so if there's even a small hole or a bump, the fuel will leak and burn the car."

"Moreover, they're many times heavier than a carriage. So, new roads have to be made for them to move on. Basically, you cannot travel in the wilds on them."

"Then why did something like that become mainstream on Earth?" Yarsha Zahara frowned.

"Oh, Earth is pretty peaceful when compared to Sumatra." Yennda chuckled, "The only sentient race there are the Humans. So, we could afford to use cars for movement, especially since the raw materials required to make them were abundant."

"We didn't have Prana there. So, our bodies weren't strong enough to travel for long distances. So, we needed some mode of transportation to cover large distances. This was our only option." Yennda pointed in the direction of the newly constructed town, "Before cars became commonplace, we had carriages pulled by animals similar to the Burac Kingdom's carriages."

"Fine, let's drop this subject." Yarsha Zahara sighed, unaware of the fact that Yennda was selectively conveying the truth to her.

Creating a car was a waste of resources, but engines were different. He could create an engine that could be fitted to a carriage. The gear and suspension system required to put it to perfect use could all be condensed by a Free Human's Human Avatar—if they practiced one of the cultivation techniques from the Brimgan Empire.

This way, they'd be able to save a lot of energy on psychokinesis and travel longer distances at a faster time. Of course, he never planned to reveal something like that to his enemy, especially to Yarsha Zahara who wouldn't blink to abuse its use to the extreme.

It was why Yennda constantly downplayed Earth's technology. Of course, Yennda also feared that any technology that could function without being reliant on Prana would be wiped out by the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye.

Or maybe there were other Influenced Regions with the purpose. Besides, Yennda wasn't sure if he had enough knowledge to replicate Earth's technology here. He also didn't have the intention to do so.

After all, Earth's technology could be stolen, since anyone with the knowledge could wield it. Instead, replicating it through Sumatra's power system was better. That way, only he would be able to use it.

'I'm not going to tell anything of value related to that.' Yennda thought as he continued to converse about a variety of topics with Yarsha Zahara.

"So, in your life on Earth, you read Sumatra Chronicles. That's how the six reincarnates know about me, right?" Yarsha Zahara asked in the end, "How did the people there treat it?"

"Well, Sumatra Chronicles had a decently large fan following." Yennda stared at her, "The readers of the book labelled you as the Sumatra Chronicles Heroine."

"They called me that?" Yarsha Zahara liked the term, "And then?"

"They called Yahira as the Mammoth Clan Heroine." Yennda continued, "The readers enjoyed the conflict between you two the most, though the support was mostly in your favour."

"What about you six?" She asked in interest as her eyes glimmered faintly, intending to see how she could take advantage of this information. She seemed excited about gossip but in truth, intended to glean more info on the psyche of the reincarnates. "What did you think of me?"

"Blola, Orakha, and Inala are your fans while Grehha is a hardcore fan." Yennda nodded.

"Inala is my fan?" Yarsha Zahara was stunned by the information, asking with a smile, "Then, can I appeal to his emotions?"

"That probably won't happen." Yennda shook his head, saying upon seeing Yarsha's disappointed expression, "The woman he liked the most on Sumatra Chronicles ended up raping him here. That shattered his rosy view towards romance in this place."

"I see," Yarsha Zahara nodded and then asked, "What about Virala? Who does he like?"

"Yahira," Yennda said, surprised to see Yarsha break into laughter.

"He likes that bitch?" Yarsha Zahara laughed uncontrollably, "How horrid does your taste in women have to be to like her? And…"

Her eyes curled as she stared at Yennda, "Who did you like the most in Sumatra Chronicles?"

"…Resha." Yennda said, hurriedly clarifying, "Not romantically, of course. But yeah, I read the book until the end only for him."

"So, you won't hesitate to kill me if it can further Resha's goal?" She asked next, acting sad.

"If I had the capability," Yennda nodded.

"Interesting," Yarsha Zahara pulled out a book and began to jut down some points, following which she stared at Yennda, "Now, let's talk about the endgame builds of the Seven Mystic Paths."

"Let's start with what you know about Virala."



Chapter 618 We’ll Establish An Empire

﻿﻿Currently, at the Zahara Kingdom's throne room, seated side by side were the Burac King and the Zahara King, treated as equals. Each side only had one guard. Both had unanimously decided to use their sons to protect themselves.

After all, they didn't want the details of their discussions to be leaked to others, including their guards.

After close to three hours of pleasantries, the Zahara King stared at the Burac King and said, "I know your purpose of visits and I don't intend to question."

"So you knew…" The Burac King sighed, having gotten close enough with the Zahara King to treat each other as acquaintances.

"And I don't intend to stop you." The Zahara King said, much to the surprise of the Burac King and his son, "You heard me right. I won't stop your plans."

"Are you…serious?" The Burac King thought for a moment if it was a scheme, but in the Zahara Kingdom, the Zahara King exercised home-ground advantage. If he truly wanted to plot, he would have gone about it in a hundred different ways.

"Kings!" The Zahara King stood up and walked a few steps to the side, saying with a somewhat sombre tone, "Our titles are grand. But only we know the reality. Our Kingdoms tether on the verge of annihilation all the time."

He stared at the Burac King as the eyes of the two men moistened, "At any moment, a Pranic Beast invasion could destroy us. We simply aren't strong enough to resist it."

"My ancestors fled fourteen times before establishing the Zahara Kingdom. We could only settle in this weak region to avoid stronger Pranic Beast invasions." His eyes reddened as the Zahara King said, "We were desperate to grow stronger, having no hope for a bright future. But it all changed when he arrived."

"A Deity! There's no word that could describe him better." The Zahara King stared at the Burac King, "By relying on him, the Zahara Kingdom now has a future. And I extend this opportunity to you too. Or rather, I intend to give it to everyone that has arrived."

"I am honoured by your initiative, but I have my doubts." The Burac King calmed down his thumping heart and spoke his reasoning, "Let me set aside my objective and say this. There'll be a lot of chaos due to this. We'll be taking a cut of what belongs to you…"

"Are you sure about that?" The Zahara King laughed all of a sudden, stunning the others, "Why do you think we're having a Kingdom-wide selection?"

"Isn't it to present an opportunity for everyone equally?" The Burac King frowned.

"Nope," The Zahara King shook his head, "Do you think that makes sense? If something like an opportunity exists, do you believe the ministers, nobles, generals, and merchants of my Kingdom wouldn't monopolise it for their benefit and other agendas?"

"Then…" The Burac King thought of a possibility and said, "Is that true?"

"Yes," The Zahara King nodded, "We only seek the absolutely talented, for they'll bear children that would wield Gold Grade strength. The Wean Clan has a certain number of people in mind. And I'm afraid the Zahara Kingdom alone doesn't have enough talents worthy enough to join the Wean Clan."

"I get the full picture now." The Burac King let out a long exhale and said, "This is good news for us. We'll be content as long as one of our people succeeds in joining the Wean Clan."

"Actually, I have a proposition to you, Burac King." The Zahara King picked up a chest from the throne and placed it before the Burac King, opening it to reveal a mineral inside, one at the sight of which intimidated him. "Do you…"

His eyes glimmered with ambition, "Do you wish to be a part of something bigger?"

"Bigger?" The Burac King stared at the mineral at the chest in a daze before recovering his bearings. Had he looked at his face in the mirror, he would have been stunned. For it was one brimming with excitement, like a child heading to an amusement park for the first time in his life, "Do you mean…is that possible? Truly?"

"Yes!" The Zahara King roared in laughter, "We'll establish an EMPIRE!"

'Indeed, it makes logical sense for father to think of this, considering the level of power my sister currently possesses.' Standing silent at the side while listening to the conversation was Shuwrak Zahara, 'But an Empire?'

'Do we have a suitable location to establish one?' He frowned. And as expected, he wasn't the only one with the doubts.

"But, do we have a suitable place?" The Burac King asked once he managed to digest everything, "An Empire cannot be established in a place without at least one Gold Grade mineral. Without Gold Grade strength, we won't be able to hold our own."

"That won't be our problem to worry." The Zahara King closed the chest and spoke, "My daughter and her husband will take care of that. We only need to use our wisdom as Kings to formulate laws for the seamless functioning of the Empire."

"I understand," The Burac King thought for a bit and asked, "Do you plan to propose this to the other Kings too?"

"Yes," The Zahara King nodded, "After all, once the Empire is established, none of us will hold any power. We'll simply become part of a Council of Elders whose only role is to enrich the lives of everyone in the Empire."

"There's a famous saying." The Burac King chuckled in mockery, "A commoner in the Brimgan Empire lives a better life than a King."

He got up and bowed solemnly, "It's my honour to experience such a life!"

"Glad to have you on board, brother!" The Zahara King immediately changed his way of addressal, establishing a closer relationship with the Burac King.

As the two Kings continued to discuss various things, the Burac King failed to rein in his curiosity, asking in the end, "Brother, what was that mineral? I've never felt such a level of intimidation in my life until now."

"Sumatra Gold!" The Zahara King said with a solemn tone, chuckling upon seeing the latter's face become petrified by the information, "Yeah, I had that reaction at first too. Sumatra Gold is indeed real."

"And my daughter is building her Human Avatar solely out of this." He said and patted the chest, "My son-in-law gave me a piece as a gift to admire and flaunt around. So I've been keeping it on my throne."

"Somatra Gold is…real?" The Burac King tried his best but was unable to handle the level of information, exclaiming like a fanatic in the end, "I salute the land that has sustained this mortal long enough to bask in the divine!"

"The Age of Free Humans is upon us!" He said zealously.

Staring at the Zahara King, the Burac King asked with an expectant tone, "What…is the Grade of her Human Avatar?"

The Zahara King made eye contact with the Burac King for a few seconds and remained silent. Slowly, after almost two minutes, he muttered, his tone a whisper, "…Mystic!"

Thud!

"It's real!" The Burac King muttered in euphoria, "The zenith! It's real! The legends are real. No, your daughter has surpassed the legends!"

"Her name's Yarsha Zahara." The Zahara King said in pride, "And she'll create both the strongest Clan and the strongest Free Human Empire."

With the Burac King joining their fold, the rest of the envoys gladly accepted the Zahara King's proposition. Once the Wean Selection ended, they planned to inform their respective Kingdoms and mass migrate to whatever Yarsha Zahara planned to establish her Empire.

And obviously, when they heard that she had a Mystic Grade Human Avatar, not a single envoy failed to express their devotion to this Free Human who managed to enter the ultimate realm of existence, becoming a pinnacle being.

At the Brimgan Empire, Yarsha Zahara only had a Mystic Grade Nature. Her Human Avatar hadn't reached Mystic Grade status, despite being made out of Sumatra Gold. The point holding her back was obviously her cultivation technique.

However, that was taken care of by Brangara when he completed Mystic Sumatra Art using the Bolts of Transcendence during the time he became the Celestial Boar. The moment she received the completed technique, Yarsha Zahara's status elevated to become a Mystic Grade Free Human.

Hence, at present, an unprecedented situation had happened on Sumatra Continent. Two Mystic Grade existences were part of the same Clan, the Wean Clan. Moreover, they were husband and wife.

Currently, the duo in question were in a chamber deep underground in the royal palace.

"Sit there and keep breathing!" Yarsha Zahara glared at Yennda and closed the door shut. She then stared deep into the tunnel that stretched endlessly before her, hearing the sounds of footsteps before soon, the figure of Brangara sauntered him.

A figure covered with blood, sweat, and grime, smeared by patches of mud and crystal dust. His body was evidently exhausted but his eyes expressed excitement. Upon seeing that Yarsha Zahara was waiting for him at the end of the tunnel, his lips curled up to form a bright smile, "Were you waiting for me?"

"Obviously," Yarsha Zahara nodded, feeling her cheeks redden, feeling that a hardworking Brangara was evidently attractive to her.

"You could be even more honest," Brangara said and dropped a pile of Storage Lanterns. The smallest of them had six storeys. Obviously, it was part of the stash he had accumulated from hunting the Mammoth Clan.

He was now using them as a convenient means of transportation, since he ended up using all his Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. "I've managed to gain a lot this time."

"Has the location been finalised?" Yarsha Zahara asked in excitement.

"Yeah," Brangara grinned, "It's located at a spot 3542 kilometres from the entrance to the Varahan Enclave. With some initial work, that node will spew out resources similar to the Brimgan Empire."

"We won't be experiencing something on the level of the Brimgan Empire, but we'll be able to have a small blessed land for ourselves." Brangara grinned and pointed at the Storage Lanterns, "But our focus isn't on minerals."

"Did you find suitable ones?" Yarsha Zahara watched as Brangara opened the Storage Lantern and poured out large pieces of bark, "These are?"

"Decodus Tree Bark," Brangara explained, "They'll be our breakthrough."



Chapter 619 Gold Inheritance Art

Decodus Trees reached a height of 400 metres. They were infamous for their robust vitality, capable of creating a sustainable ecosystem of their own.

The forest they formed was the home to the Mud Vipers, with every Mud Viper Nest having around a million Mud Vipers. As omnivorous beings, the Mud Vipers primarily sustained themselves through the produce generated by these trees.

Reddish, with traces of yellow amidst saps of green, the bark trailed across the tree trunks like a cluster of coiled serpents, their indentations creating unique, interlocking patterns, an exclusive feature of this species.

These barks were rumoured to have an encoded map of the entire Sumatra Continent. Of course, it was just a rumour. It hadn't been verified by any Human or Pranic Beast.

"Decodus Tree?" Yarsha Zahara stared at the pile of bark before her, "Will they do the job?"

"Yes," Brangara nodded, "Approximately fifteen of them can produce enough food to sustain an Empyrean Boar's needs. Combine them with the Yoked Wyrms and we'll never face a food shortage."

"And if anything else is necessary," He pointed at the door farther away, "Just use Yennda's power to mutate it to suit your needs. From what I observed, it works the best on trees."

"Indeed, I can modify them for a variety of purposes." Yarsha Zahara nodded, "We only need nutrient-rich soil for these trees to grow. With the Yoked Wyrms, that won't be an issue."

The Yoked Wyrms consumed the soil and generated poop that fertilised it, making it easier for trees to grow in abundance. The combination of the Decodus Trees and the Yoked Wyrms ensured dense vegetation for all the food requirements of the Wean Clan.

"What about the cultivation technique?" Brangara stared at Yarsha Zahara, "Is it ready?"

"Yes," Nodding in response, Yarsha Zahara took out an Information Slip and gave it to Brangara, "I've created it in such a way the Free Humans using it can treat the tusks of Empyrean Boars as the mineral to build their Human Avatars with. This is mostly copied from the functions of Mystic Bone Art with some changes that I added in for our purpose."

Gold Inheritance Art!

This will serve as the foundation of the Varahan Empire, becoming the most sought-after technique in the region. Yarsha Zahara created it with only one function in mind—Voracious Nature.

When the Wean Clansmen activate their Primary Natures to transform into Empyrean Boars, their Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature will come into effect, allowing them to stockpile the Natures of all creatures they consume.

Considering the appetite of the Empyrean Boars, they'll be accumulating dozens of Natures in a single sitting or even more, depending on their meal. Instead of wasting both Prana and Natures by using up the excess Natures, they could instead give it to the Free Humans who cultivation the Gold Inheritance Art.

By treating the tusks of the Empyrean Boars as a mineral, these Free Humans would build their Human Avatars. These tusks were decently tough, almost Gold Grade in quality. As their Human Avatars were literally made out of an Empyrean Boar's body part, they were able to store Natures in it through the effects of Voracious Nature.

Thereby, all the excess Natures in the possession of the Empyrean Boars could be dumped on these Free Humans, who will make use of them for a variety of purposes. Yarsha Zahara intended to set up a monetary system literally revolving around Natures, with the Natures of the Yoked Wyrms serving as the foundational unit of currency.

It was the Nature of a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast and was available in the millions. The survival tactic used by the Yoked Wyrms was to literally birth more of their kind than their predators could consume.

If not kept in check, they could destroy the ecosystem. Hence, using them as the unit of currency was perfect. They'll never run out. And considering the appetite of the Empyrean Boars, tens of thousands would be consumed per meal, which implied the accumulation of an equal number of Natures.

Primary Nature—Bio-Synthesis!

Equipped with the Nature of the Yoked Wyrms, the Free Humans would never have to worry about food. Moreover, they could rely upon it to consume the tusks of the Empyrean Boars and build their Human Avatars faster.

So as a currency, it held genuine value. Moreover, the Free Humans who had built their Human Avatar with these tusks were also able to send and receive Natures from each other. Basically, they weaponised the usage of Natures.

With this, the Varahan Empire gained a massive advantage. First of all, no Nature was out of their grasp. If they found any Nature that caught their fancy, they would capture the living being and feed it to the Empyrean Boars, following which they'll inherit the respective Nature.

Therefore, the Varahan Empire was able to prepare against all sorts of dangers. A Pranic Beast invasion? Sure, it wasn't an issue. They could send Raid Teams to capture a group of the Pranic Beasts and gain their Natures through the Empyrean Boars.

This way, they'll have a complete understanding of the Natures, using which they could make perfect countermeasures and destroy anyone who dares target their Empire.

Moreover, this was Yarsha Zahara's way of protecting the Wean Clan too. After all, Free Humans would pledge allegiance to the Empyrean Boar whom they relied upon for being supplied with the mineral to build their Human Avatars with and also Natures to use.

They didn't have to worship Empyrean Boars as Deities like the Mammoth or Cooter Clan, but even while maintaining the way of Free Humans, their reliance on Empyrean Boars surpassed the Mammoth Clan's reliance on Empyrean Tusks and the Cooter Clan's reliance on Empyrean Snappers.

Thanks to this, if any of her enemies intended to get close to an Empyrean Boar, they'd have to first waddle through a sea of Free Humans.

Through this relationship, the Varahan Empire could recruit Free Humans endlessly and grow without limits. After all, the maturity time of Empyrean Boars was two years. The Wean Clansmen would take anywhere from two to eight years to reach maturity.

Basically, the Wean Clan operated at a scale where every decade became a new generation. So, their numbers would balloon rapidly. Best of all, Vara—the name given to the mineral generated from the Empyrean Boar's tusk—was considered a peak Silver Grade mineral.

So, everyone building a Human Avatar out of Vara had Silver Grade strength. This was Yarsha Zahara's ultimate goal. The average strength of the Varahan Empire was at the Silver Grade while the rulers—the Wean Clansmen—had Gold Grade strength.

Thanks to the accumulation of the Yoked Wyrms's Nature of Bio-Synthesis, the Varahan Empire Free Humans were able to build their Human Avatars faster. The two worked harmoniously to result in an Empire that could endlessly grow stronger and expand in power.

The Varahan Enclave will serve as a safe place for the Empyrean Boars to live and grow until they attain maturity. Following that, they'd enter the Varahan Empire to take up position and recruit a large batch of Free Humans as their followers.

The node of resources that Brangara found was situated 3542 kilometres from the entrance to the Varahan Enclave. And it was on this node that Brangara and Yarsha Zahara intended to build the capital of the Varahan Empire. Basically, from there to the Varahan Enclave will all be part of the Varahan Empire, encompassing a territory superior to the Brimgan Empire.

To get to the Varahan Enclave, one would need to go through the Varahan Empire. Therefore, the core of the Wean Clan would remain absolutely safe, protected by the Sandy-Grey Void on all sides and with the sole entrance guarded by an Empire.

"It seems our sons have to work hard," Brangara grinned.

"Indeed," Yarsha Zahara nodded, stating with a resolute expression, "Before the Third Major Disaster begins, we'll have to finish the creation of the Varahan Empire."

"What about the current generation of Free Humans?" Brangara asked next, "We can't simply abandon them, right? It'll be disastrous if they don't have to grow in strength."

"Actually, it's possible to cleanly destroy their Human Avatars." Yarsha Zahara said, "They'll fall to the Spirit Stage and only have one unit of Prana. Basically, they'd be starting from a clean slate."

"I see," Brangara nodded, "Since they'll be obtaining strength at the pinnacle of the Silver Grade, even those Kings would be happy to transition, even if it meant they'd have to cultivate from scratch."

"That's what it means to be a part of a Kingdom." Yarsha Zahara sighed, "They don't have a future to look forward to. Hence, they'll be happy to fully assimilate into the functioning society of an Empire."

"The Brimgan Empire relies on this to draw in ambitious Free Humans from the entire region their influence expands to. That's how they remain so powerful to date."

"I understand," Brangara nodded before asking, "Does the Gold Inheritance Art have the capacity to create complex Spirit Weapons like the Brimgan Empire's cultivation techniques?"

"No," Yarsha Zahara sighed, "It's not compatible with our purpose. But fear not, we'll create our own means of transportation."

"Oh?" Brangara stared at her in surprise, "What do you have in mind?"

"I drew inspiration from what you experienced at the Dralh Sea. The untapped potential of the Cooter Clan's methods will be exercised by me." She grinned, "Once the Wean Selection ends, I want you to make a trip to the Guna Caves and capture as many of the three Pranic Beast Races native there as possible."

"You plan to create a nest?" Brangara quickly figured out her plan, muttering in realisation, "Indeed, Iron Grade Pranic Beasts they might be, but their Natures are one of the best, especially when used in large numbers. With our means, we can take advantage of their characteristics."

"Yes," Yarsha Zahara nodded, "And since they are Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, increasing their population is very easy. We'll be able to harvest enough of their Natures to support our upcoming Empire's needs."



Chapter 620 I Seek Recognition

﻿﻿"Hmm, make these changes and the efficiency of the cultivation technique will improve." Brangara gave some pointers based on his knowledge once he processed the functions of Gold Inheritance Art.

"Got it," Yarsha Zahara made note of the changes and added them to the Information Slip. She gave him a Glove Slip, making it easy for him to access the Information Slip as Yarsha Zahara typically turned whatever rock or pebble she could get her hands upon into an Information Slip.

The duo spent some time improving the functions of Gold Inheritance Art. Soon, it was time for Brangara to leave as he asked, "How's the situation in the Kingdom? Is everything proceeding without issues?"

"For the time being, yes." Yarsha Zahara nodded, "I've been using Yennda as your stand-in. I don't think our foes have managed to see through this scheme yet."

"Be alert, no matter what." Brangara said in seriousness, "We've already been fooled enough times. Considering the grand scale of our plan, there will definitely be problems. They wouldn't let us win without putting up a fight."

"I understand," Yarsha Zahara nodded, "I've been laying down traps to catch our foes. I'm paying more attention to the Nature Weapon forms of Virala and Gannala."

"Gannala…" Brangara muttered as he felt a surge of hatred build up in him. But he quickly calmed down and stared up, sighing in relief upon not unleashing his strength, for that would result in a pillar of light that would reach the skies.

At his full strength, the Celestial Boar was unstoppable, but it couldn't be subtle in its actions. Pretty must everyone on Sumatra would be able to notice the pillar of light, even if they aren't able to see it personally.

They would feel prickles on their skin, even if they were positioned on the farthest ends of the Continent. Unless he was facing the Royal Zinger, Brangara had no intentions to release his full strength.

"I'll return once the Wean Selection starts," Brangara said and walked into the tunnel, vanishing from sight soon after.

"I'll prepare everything." Yarsha Zahara nodded in seriousness as she picked up a book and flipped through the pages, going through everything she had planned, "Have I thought of all possibilities? Did I gloss over anything?"

'Don't be careless again!' She berated herself mentally and continued to make plans. Soon, she reached the exit of the room and opened the door, seeing Yennda sprawled on the floor, behaving as a carpet. She kicked him reflexively, "Get up!"

"Make me," Yennda said in clockwork, getting up slowly once he observed Yarsha's irritated face. "What do you want to do now?"

"Try to create variants of this," Saying so, she handed over a pile of Decodus Tree bark to him.

"Decodus Tree?" Yennda recognised it immediately as he played around with it, "What do you want to do with it?"

"You needn't know." Yarsha Zahara snorted in response, "Just follow my instructions."

"You can steal my power to do it on your own. I mean, consider the power difference. I'm only an Iron Grade Pleb while you're a Mystic Grade Queen." Yennda sported a forlorn sigh, "I'm too weak to be worked to the bone like this. I'm not even getting paid for my hard work."

"Cooperate obediently and I'll make you a cup of tea at the end." She grunted in annoyance.

"Heh, you think I'm that cheap?" Yennda stared at her in derision, "Two cups, or don't even think about it."

"Fine!" Yarsha Zahara gritted her teeth and dragged him to her laboratory, where she stored a variety of cell cultures that she had mutated using his powers. There were also grotesque Pranic Beast abominations, most of which wouldn't survive when exposed to the outside atmosphere.

'Things will get dangerous once she obtains Grehha's knowledge.' Yennda thought and subtly began to organise the tissues in his appendix. He intended to create a potent poison through it and store it in safety. The moment Grehha appears, he'd feed it to the latter.

'However, she's waiting to revive him.' He thought, figuring out the answer immediately, 'Once Brangara's sons knock up a large number of Free Human women, Yarsha Zahara plans to use Grehha's Empyrean Incubator to increase the chances of a Wean Clansman's birth. She probably already conceptualised a Skill that allows Brangara to pour his Prana into the Empyrean Incubator that had fused with the womb of the Free Human woman.'

'Well, it's not my problem.' Yennda shrugged in the end and passively did what was asked of him. It wasn't even his fault that he got captured by Yarsha Zahara. The fault lay entirely with Blola. And if even the Mammoth Clan didn't worry enough to kill them promptly, then he had no intention of racking his head unnecessarily.

'There's nothing to look forward to at the Mammoth Clan anyway.' Yennda thought, suddenly remembering the face of Harrala, 'Tch!'

'She doesn't need you, dumbass. None of them need you.' Yennda muttered after a minute of silence, "I changed my mind."

"I need three cups."

"I'll clobber the shit out of you!" Yarsha Zahara growled from another corner of the laboratory, "Don't anger me too much."

"And if I do, so what?" Yennda snickered, "What can you do to me? Kill me?"

'He's using that one line as if he's proud for coming up with it!' Anger coursed through her body as Yarsha Zahara struggled to calm down, 'But it's always effective, dammit!'

"Do you have some enmity with me or something?" She put on a pitiful tone, "Why are you bullying me all the time?"

"Look who's talking." Yennda rolled his eyes, "You're the captor and I'm the captive."

"Then can't you just behave like an obedient captor?" She dropped her act of garnering his pity, triggered once again, "I'm getting stressed! Fuck!"

"If you find me stressful, then wait until you revive Grehha." Yennda laughed boisterously, "You'll then know the true meaning of that word."

"Are you…serious?" Yarsha Zahara felt intimidated all of a sudden.

"Remember what I told you about him." Yennda was enjoying the situation, feeling sadistic pleasure, "He's your hardcore supporter. Since you'll have a lot of use for him, Grehha will abuse the opportunity to flirt with you, nonstop, endlessly."

"Similar to how I want to die, he'll flirt with you." Yennda's laughter grew in volume upon seeing her ashen face, "He'll be very obedient to you. No matter what you ask of him, he'll accommodate it without resistance, except for being away from you."

"In short," He said in excitement, "The day you revive him, consider that you're getting a new shadow."

"What did I do to deserve this…?" Yarsha Zahara felt mentally exhausted for some reason, staring at Yennda as she had second thoughts, 'I've stored enough of his power in my Lunchbox. Maybe…maybe I don't need him anymore. I won't even be able to sleep in peace if I have to keep both Yennda and Grehha in check.'

'No, that's stupid!' She grunted in anger, 'Yennda knows too much. I cannot release him from my grasp at least until the Varahan Empire is fully functional. The powers of both are pivotal to the expansion of our Empire!'

"Please, just be obedient." Yarsha Zahara relented in the end, "I'll even give you four cups of tea. Don't talk unless necessary and try to follow my orders without me needing to compel you."

"Four cups?" Yennda raised an eyebrow and flashed a thumbs up, "You have a deal, Your Majesty!"

"What did I tell you about making unnecessary talks?" She glared at him.

"Okay, Princess!" Yennda nodded.

"…" Yarsha Zahara sighed and resumed work, 'I give up!'

'Four cups, eh?' Yennda whistled casually as he properly behaved as her assistant in the laboratory, 'Let's see how much I can make her compromise.'

"Tell me your intentions and I can work towards it better. Otherwise, it's just a waste of time." Yennda said and stared at her after a couple of hours, "I can mutate the Decodus Tree into at least eight stable variants. The number might increase if I experiment further."

"…Alright," Yarsha Zahara nodded after a moment's consideration and said, "I need a variant with a hollow inside, enough to be turned into a house."

"House?" Yennda thought as he pulled up a sheet and began to draw on it.

"What is it?" Yarsha Zahara asked.

"Interior layout." Yennda said, "Since you're planning to turn them into a house, why stop at having a hollow interior alone? The Decodus Trees have a segmented interior, similar to bamboo. And by taking advantage of their concentric bark outgrowth, I can modify them to form rooms."

"We can create a few interior house models and vary them depending on their purpose, whether they be residence, storage facility, factory, or an institution of some sort." He stared at her, "You are planning to establish an Empire, right?"

"You managed to figure it out through so little clues?" Yarsha Zahara was stunned by his statement.

"No, I heard your conversation with Brangara." Yennda chuckled as he tapped his ears, "I have good hearing. And you're keeping me within your Spirit Weapon range in order to control me."

"Fine, you win." Followed by a sigh, Yarsha Zahara nodded, "Yes, I'm establishing an Empire. These Decodus Trees will play a pivotal role in its foundation."

"Awesome!" Yennda grinned.

"So, if you try to sabotage my plans, I'll kill…what did you say?" Yarsha Zahara blinked in confusion, "What did you say?"

"Awesome!" Yennda repeated it, speaking his mind upon seeing her shock, "If you promise me one thing, I'll wholeheartedly give you my all with modifying the Decodus Trees."

"Speak!" Yarsha Zahara stared at him, ready to beat him up if he were to ask for something exorbitant.

"Publicise that I'm the one behind their creation." Yennda said, "The people of the Empire must know the creator of the various facilities they'll be enjoying."

"You want glory?" Yarsha Zahara asked.

"I'm not a loyal soldier to be seeking glory." Yennda shook his head, "I simply seek recognition for my efforts and accomplishments."

"I want people to understand that the source of their comfort is thanks to my innovation and skilled expertise."



