Chapter 641 This Is An Ovum

﻿﻿"You're revived at the perfect time." Yennda stared in silence for a few seconds before breaking into a smile, "It's done."

"You'll die soon."

"What…are you talking about?" Grehha frowned in confusion before he noticed a droplet of blood on the floor. He lifted his foot and noticed a thin needle lodged into the floor that had pricked him.

It had been coated with a powerful anaesthetic that he didn't even realise had pierced his feet. A glance at it and he understood what had happened, "I see, you intend to kill me through a disease."

"But I don't intend to die." Grehha shrugged and raised his hands, opening one of them to reveal a nail-sized green sphere, "So, can't you do something about it?"

Yennda stared at the green sphere before realising what it was, "That's your…Empyrean Incubator?"

"What of it?"

"I'm not talking about it." Grehha grinned and walked towards Yennda, "Look inside it. What do you see?"

"There seems to be something inside…?" Yennda focused intently, noticing a small dot-shaped object within the Empyrean Incubator. "What is that?"

"Did you attend science classes on Earth?" Grehha asked.

"I did," Yennda nodded, "But you better talk fast. Otherwise, I won't hesitate to accelerate the progression of the infection in your body. It's something I created to be effectively potent only on you."

"This is a human ovum." Grehha grinned, "Yarsha Zahara's to be exact. Do you know what this means?"

"You…you're deranged!" Yennda stumbled back a few steps in shock, "Are you being serious now?"

"Why wouldn't I be?" Grehha laughed, "I purposefully made the sack explode to disorient her focus and senses. And when I hugged her, I used the Empyrean Incubator to extract one of her ova."

"Is this why you…never had a girlfriend in the Mammoth Clan?" Yennda felt revulsed, "Even I'm finding it hard to stomach."

"My goals have always been consistent from the very beginning." Grehha whistled as he walked to a corner of the room, "Now, if you'll give me some privacy."

"Are you mad? You're doing it here?" Yennda shouted, "You think artificial insemination is a joke?"

"In-vitro fertilisation, that's the correct term for it." Grehha corrected. "Besides, I did it for a living on Earth, for reptiles, but it's not all that different for humans."

"Whatever the fuck it's called, do you want to go about it in this way?" Yennda asked, "Just think of what the child will think in the future…"

"She will never have to worry about anything. Unlike you, I'll be a damn competent father." Grehha waved his hand casually, "Now, if you excuse me. I have some serious work to do."

"Even if you succeed," Yennda shouted, "How are you planning to send the child to the Mammoth Clan?"

"It'll be alright," Grehha laughed, "I have been going through Yarsha's memories all along. I'm sure Gannala is in hiding somewhere in this Kingdom."

"I'll summon her once I'm done." Grehha arrived at a corner and asked Yennda, "Now, can you stop the infection? I need to concentrate. I don't wish to waste time curing myself."

Grehha didn't know exactly what Yennda had done to him and hence decided that it was better to appeal to the latter instead of trying to find a cure.

"I can't," Yennda shrugged, "I've simply added impurities in your blood that'll clog up your Spirit Container. It'll explode after a while. My abilities cannot reverse it, since Yarsha has enough of it stored in her."

"If you wish to stay alive longer, treat it yourself." Yennda snorted, "Aren't you the capable one?"

"It's done," Grehha coughed up some turbid blood and began his work. Since Yennda explained the cause and workings, it was easy for Grehha to figure out a solution.

He simply applied his Empyrean Incubator on his heart and used it as a filter to extract the impurities that intended to clot his Spirit Container. He shrunk the Empyrean Incubator while it carried the impurities, ripped it apart from his heart, and safely brought it out through his food pipe.

Empyrean Incubators appeared to patch up the holes as his Prana surged into the region better and healed the injuries. He had Silver Grade strength, which was enough to make a full recovery in less than a minute.

He understood his body the best and had enough control over his Natures to perfectly execute the task once the underlying principle behind the infection was discovered.

'He made that look like it was child's play.' Yennda thought and didn't bother with Grehha anymore, instead focusing on his objective.

"It's done." Less than a minute later, there was an exclaim from the other corner of the room.

"Already?" Yennda turned around in shock and noticed Grehha's exhilarated face, "It has barely been a minute."

"Did you think I was cranking my lizard or something?" Grehha laughed, "I simply extracted the healthiest sperm from my nut through an Empyrean Incubator. All I had to do was insert the sperm in the ovum."

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

Grehha unleashed bone mist and condensed a tiny figurine that resembled an Empyrean Tusk.

The Empyrean Tusk figurine opened its mouth and unleashed a soft cry, inaudible to even the ears of Yennda who was standing in proximity. Grehha placed the Empyrean Incubator—

containing Yarsha's ovum that had been fertilised by his sperm

—in the figurine's stomach.

Upon inspecting the figurine, Grehha kept it in a corner and watched in patience.

"What are you planning?" Yennda frowned, "Yarsha will be arriving any moment now. Her work hours are starting."

"Not today," Grehha grinned, "She needs some time to gather her bearings after I weirded her out."

"And…look, it seems Orakha is also lying in wait," Grehha muttered upon seeing a Mystic Eater stealthily emerge from the floor and stare around. It paused for a moment after spotting Yennda and Grehha but swallowed the figurine and retreated into the ground.

A few minutes later, it appeared again and spat a Bone Slip in his direction. Grehha grabbed it and inspected its contents, smiling upon seeing the message from Gannala.

[I've received the ovum. I'll nurture it with all my effort. Your proposed plan is decent. We'll take action when the time is right. Collaborate with Yennda as you see fit.]

"That's what she says." Grehha stared at Yennda and muttered once the latter too accessed the contents of the Bone Slip. He recorded his reply on the Bone Slip and threw it to the Mystic Eater.

The Mystic Eater swallowed the Bone Slip and perfectly erased all traces of its existence as it made its exit. There was no sign of a hole forming there at all. And somehow, it made its way to the laboratory while passing through the walls of the castle, able to avoid all of Yarsha Zahara's traps.

"How did you make them avoid alerting her?" Yennda frowned, "Honestly, there were plenty of methods used here. And a good portion of them were created using my power, and it shouldn't have been easy to counter each of them, not to mention all of them."

"That's thanks to you." Grehha laughed, "I've gone through all the details you've fed Yarsha Zahara. Honestly, your information is extremely precise and impressive, to the extent they don't realise you're purposefully glossing over key points while giving wrong clues."

"It's a keystone trap!"

A keystone trap was one in which the entirety of a building—of facts—was weaved in such a way that the perceiver of the information remains ignorant of only the keystone. And by analysing the building's structure, they'd form a wrong impression, which would cause the keystone they form to collapse the building spectacularly.

The riskiest aspect of using a keystone trap was that it only worked against the most intelligent people. And Yarsha Zahara definitely fell under this category. The same went true for Brangara too, which was why both had detailed information about the Mammoth Clan but were absolutely wrong about foundational facts.

One such fact was the Mystic Seven being able to enter the Mystic Grade, when in truth, it's their daughters who'll enter the Mystic Grade, and that too by evolving according to the experiences of their parents.

Therefore, even if the Mystic Seven failed to kill Brangara, every single daughter of them would have evolved to counter the Celestial Boar and Yarsha Zahara. That aspect was what made the seven Mystic Paths absolutely terrifying.

Yennda had done the same for practically every technology from Earth that he had introduced to Yarsha Zahara. All of them seemed perfect in her perspective but had absolutely glaring flaws in the eyes of Yennda.

"And because of your keystone trap, Yarsha Zahara doesn't understand the true essence of what makes your power so terrifying." Grehha muttered, "A bio-war is the most disgusting shit we humans on Earth have come up with, topping even nukes."

"I'm not anything that special." Yennda rolled his eyes and asked, "Your explanation only states how you can detect flaws in her defensive arrangements. But how did Gannala figure it out?"

"I don't know," Grehha shrugged, "She has Orakha on her side. He's good at such stuff, considering he plays with Mystic Eaters and Human Avatar modification all the time."

"You can ask him for an answer once we're out of this place."

"Alright, so what's your plan?" Yennda stared at Grehha, "It seems Gannala has given you her approval."

"About that…" Grehha smiled wryly, "My job was already done once I sent that ovum to Gannala. Now, I only need to be used by Yarsha Zahara to strengthen the quality of Wean Clansmen being birthed in the upcoming months."

"Other than that, I'll be assisting you in whatever you need." Grehha grinned, "We'll make our escape only when you're ready and there are a few Wean Clansmen babies to steal."

"Assisting me is the plan…?" Yennda frowned, "What about your growth? Don't you have plans to take advantage of Yarsha Zahara or Brangara's powers to upgrade yours?"

"I literally have everything I need." Grehha grinned as he pointed at himself, "My current power system is exactly what I had in mind for the endgame."

"That's…it?" Yennda tilted his head in exasperation, "Brother, I don't mean to be rude. But,"

"That's fucking weak!"



Chapter 642 Pay Me In Hugs

﻿﻿"Weak?" Grehha chuckled immediately at Yennda's response, "Guess you're not great at geography."

"Man, would it kill you to explain something without mocking me every single time?" Yennda said as veins popped all over his forehead, "Even I'll get pissed eventually."

"Well, that's not my intention, so ignore it, will you?" Grehha waved his hand casually and asked, "Can you hold your breath underwater?"

"For a short duration, yes." Yennda nodded.

"But can you live underwater like a fish?" Grehha asked next, continuing upon seeing Yennda shake his head, "What about at depths surpassing a dozen kilometres where the water pressure alone is strong enough to crush your body, or places with no light or in absolute freezing temperatures?"

"I obviously cannot live there, unless I were to seriously consider adapting to the place." Yennda said.

"With your powers, it's indeed possible to adapt, but in the process, you might even lose all your Natures if your adaptation results in too strong of a change that causes a race change." Grehha said, "Every single living being faces the same. They have inherent advantages and disadvantages."

"Even the Celestial Boar isn't as invincible underwater as he is on land. Then," Grehha grinned, "What if I can change the terrain as I please?"

"The Chief's power does exactly that." Yennda rolled his eyes.

"Ignore pure terrain for the time being and consider from the perspective of an Empyrean Tusk." Grehha asked, "Which element or substance gives the greatest advantage to the Mammoth Clan, especially the Empyrean Tusks?"

"Bone," Yennda figured out the answer quickly.

"Yes, with it, we'll have an infinite ammo to fight our wars." Grehha said, "Empyrean Tusks will be able to recover their exoskeletons rapidly even if portions of it gets punched off by the Celestial Boar. This will allow them to maintain their battle states for longer durations."

"Think about it a little," Grehha said, "I pretty much showed you the process just now."

"You…" Yennda muttered in shock as he stared at Grehha's groin, "You'll be birthing Bone Vipers en masse?"

"I can do so from any combination of humans and Mud Vipers to form new variants." Grehha winked, "So, it's not impossible to erect entire regions created solely out of bone. I simply need to create enough Bone Vipers at the start and leave them to their devices. As Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, they'll propagate rapidly as long as we protect them during their initial population expansion phase."

"If you're able to bring them here…" Yennda immediately understood what Grehha intended, "That's amazing."

"I'm not one to fight my battles head-on," Grehha grinned, "So, from the very beginning, this was my plan. Even if Brangara kills the Bone Vipers, nothing changes. The entire terrain becomes an absolute weapon for Resha. He'll practically be invincible there."

"And I had planned this build based on the Sumatra Chronicles version of Resha." Grehha chuckled, "His current version is many times stronger."

"Bone Vipers…" Yennda iterated the name once again. It was born with all three Natures. Hence, Brangara couldn't consume it to gain its Nature. This made them the perfect army, especially considering their territorial nature.

As long as Grehha creates them to associate the Varahan Empire as their home, they'll do everything in their power to destroy the invaders, which in this case became the Wean Clansmen and Free Humans part of the Empire.

Moreover, Grehha could even release the Silver Grade versions of Bone Vipers to truly endanger the Varahan Empire. The longer they live and propagate, the greater the quantity of bone accumulated in the region.

This would make it absolutely easy for a Mammoth Clansmen to fight in the region, as anyone with a high level of expertise with Mystic Bone Art could control bone fluidly as a Spirit Weapon.

Empyrean Tusks were on a whole other level of being able to control bone, which was pretty much on par with a Nature. And standing head and shoulders above them was Resha, one whose child was guaranteed to enter the Mystic Grade.

If Gannala and Harrala manage to enter the Mystic Grade in the future, they'll be an absolute menace in all regions with bone, enjoying home ground advantage.

"Then, you will never reveal yourself out in the open?" Yennda asked, "Are you content living in a room for your entire life?"

"Living in a room?" Grehha laughed, "Isn't the Mammoth Clan nomadic in nature? Through the Clan, I can travel to all exotic places of Sumatra in the comfort of my home. That's pretty much luxury of the highest order. I simply need to endure for a century until Brangara is dead."

'Besides, I can continue to evolve endlessly by injecting Empyrean Tusk essence into myself. It's just a matter of time before my Primary Nature harmonises with my Secondary and Tertiary Natures.' He thought.

His Tertiary Nature of Empyrean Incubator was created through Gannala's ovum. His Secondary Nature was Internal Inertial Gravity was also gained through Gannala's blood. His Primary Nature was from the Mud Viper that he evolved into an Empyrean Viper.

From the day he obtained his Natures to his current self, Grehha had been using his Empyrean Incubator to inject Empyrean Tusk essence into himself. His Fragment Disease was cured once he obtained Internal Inertial Gravity.

And now, after subjecting himself to the Empyrean Incubator's effects, Grehha's Fragment Disease had progressed to a significant level. If he didn't possess Internal Inertial Gravity, he would be dead in an instant, unable to handle the pressure exerted by his lungs on his ribcage.

Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease were more Mammoth Clansmen than humans. The current Grehha's genetic information was almost on the verge of entering the realm of an Empyrean Tusk.

When this happens, his Primary Nature will upgrade to the Gold Grade, which will evolve the race of the Pranic Beast he had fused with. The product will be a Viper with all the characteristics of an Empyrean Tusk.

Moreover, it is from then on that Grehha will be able to truly unleash the power of his build. Originally, he didn't intend to change his current build, which was already endgame material.

But as things continued to change, with the appearance of the Celestial Boar, Royal Zinger, etc. he gained a lot of ideas. And now that he pretty much accessed the entirety of Yarsha Zahara's data, from her childhood to every Skill and ability she had conceptualised, created, and practiced to even her Sumatra Chronicles self, Grehha had better ideas.

Of them, he copied one aspect, which was Brangara's harmonisation of his three Natures to unleash a unified effect.

Grehha's Secondary and Tertiary Natures were already on that path and his accumulations also pointed him in the same direction. He just had better material to finalise the results.

At the end of the day, his abilities won't be changing from his current self. They'll simply become more potent and efficient. "In my case, I simply need time to accumulate my gains. I already gained whatever I would have needed from Yarsha Zahara's memories. Now, I just have to experiment on them to gain more abilities."

"So that's why you said you'll assist me fully." Yennda nodded and grinned, "I understand now. Things will indeed become easier for me once I have your help."

He then extended his hand, "Can you give me a copy of her data?"

"I can give you a copy of data related to the Skills, Cultivation Techniques, and Spirit Weapons that she has knowledge of, but I won't give you anything related to her personal life. Those are my intellectual property." Grehha said with an adamant expression, loosening up immediately after, "But I can give you all the details about Brangara."

"Anything's fine by me. I'm more interested in his powers anyway." Yennda said and received the Bone Slip, returning it to Grehha once he absorbed its contents.

While Grehha destroyed the Bone Slip and focused on erasing all evidences, Yennda focused on comprehending the data related to Brangara—that Yarsha Zahara had knowledge of.

"She screwed up big time," Yennda grinned.

"Not if you hadn't taken the initiative." Grehha was sincere in his praise, "Otherwise, I would have never gained consciously while trapped in that revival sack."

The duo turned silent once Yennda twirled his index finger, signalling that Yarsha Zahara was arriving. Having been under her control, he was able to sense the faint increase in the exertion of her will upon him when she got closer to him.

Even Yarsha Zahara didn't know the difference, but considering how weak and defenceless to her will Yennda was, he could perceive it through experience. Having died enough times, his body was extremely sensitive in terms of senses.

After all, the human body uses all its power in the face of death in order to survive. It would push itself to a breaking point just to survive another day. Yennda had been through that situation too many times that using the entirety of his body's potential was second nature to him.

As his Fragment Disease was never cured, his body was always in a risk of death. This only made him extremely sensitive to everything that could hurt him. In a sense, his weakness was his strength.

The moment he sensed her approach, he signalled Grehha to keep quiet, ensuring that she wouldn't be able to pry upon their conversation.

The door to the laboratory opened as Yarsha Zahara entered, glancing at Grehha as she felt a headache, exercising her will to prevent him from hugging her, feeling a growing desire from him, "Can't you control yourself for a moment?"

"This is me when I'm controlling myself." Grehha stated without a change in expression, nudging Yennda to speak, "This retard might have told you enough about me. So…"

Lust oozed out of his eyes to the levels of insanity, "What do you think of my proposition?"

"You can get everything you need to win this war from me. My information will be your trump card. Heck, I know what you wish to achieve through me. I can confidently promise to casually exceed that level of performance." Grehha winked, "All I ask in return is payment for my hard work,"

"In hugs."



Chapter 643 I’m Not Ready

﻿﻿"You won't be getting anything like that," Yarsha Zahara growled and strengthened her control over Grehha, "You'll do what I want without any resistance."

"Well…" Grehha laughed upon hearing her response, "Make me."

'The fuck?' Yarsha Zahara almost despaired upon hearing the words, feeling like it was a repeat of her situation with Yennda.

'I guess there's no other choice.' She grunted and exercised her will to the extreme, making Grehha spam Empyrean Incubators until he had expended all Prana. With a touch of her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon, she gained control over all the Empyrean Incubators and stored them in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox.

Following that, she brought out a tough rope made using the tendons of a Centinger and tied up Grehha, ensuring that he wouldn't be able to break free, 'This way, I only need to focus on controlling Yennda. Even if my control over Grehha is at its minimum, he wouldn't be able to break free from this bind. I only need to ensure he's breathing.'

'That's impressive from his side.' Yennda thought in praise, 'With one action, he forced Yarsha to consider Grehha as merely a source of production for Empyrean Incubators. This way, she wouldn't be able to force him to participate in her research.'

If she were to exercise her will, even Grehha wouldn't be able to resist. He would only have to reveal all his abilities and assist her growth. Hence, he pressured her and ended up getting tied.

This way, while she treated him as a production point for Empyrean Incubators, Grehha would be able to avoid revealing any of his abilities. It was the best solution for the situation.

'He's a Yarsha Zahara fanatic, but only towards her.' Yennda understood Grehha's psyche, 'If the one profiting from his abilities was Yarsha alone, then Grehha would have been more than happy to assist her wholeheartedly. But since the Wean Clan too would benefit, he has zero inclination to help their side.'

In a sense, Grehha carried the Mammoth Clan's superiority complex against all other races. After all, he considered himself to be a Mammoth Clansman from the very beginning. And in terms of treatment, he had been treated the best to date.

Moreover, once Grehha learnt the truth that he was born on Sumatra and his experience on Earth was thanks to Renduldu transmigrating his soul to Earth, he considered the Mammoth Clan his home.

Well, he already considered it as his home long before. The truth simply cemented his thoughts. As a result, Grehha had no intentions of revealing the Mammoth Clan's secrets, even to Yarsha Zahara. He was smitten with her but not her current disposition—which was to live as the Celestial Boar's wife.

It was why he took action systematically. The moment he was revived, he stole an ovum from Yarsha Zahara, placed his sperm in it, and enveloped it in an Empyrean Incubator. Now that the ovum had been fertilised, it would begin to grow a baby as long as the Empyrean Incubator was supplied with Prana.

As Gannala will take care of that, it was just a matter of time before the baby was born. Now, even if Yarsha Zahara were to find out the truth about the Mystic Paths, it wouldn't matter.

She needs to find a Free Human woman and force Grehha to mate with her, the traditional way. It would be a step behind in the race.

After all, the first child of a Mystic Path inherits the Mystic Path. Grehha's child in the custody of Gannala will be born first. And the moment it happens, the Green Mystic Path will be transferred to her.

This will cause the second child—borne by the Free Human woman—to be born as stillborn. After all, a Mystic Path could only have one child. This was a rule that couldn't be overcome unless Grehha was at the Mystic Grade.

His second action was to ensure Yarsha Zahara wouldn't be able to make him work for her. He succeeded in that immediately. This meant that whatever she wanted to achieve through the Empyrean Incubators was something she had to research and develop on her own.

Moreover, she had to do this while setting aside a portion of her mind to control Yennda and Grehha. Irrespective of how intelligent she was, Yarsha Zahara was stretching herself thin here.

Research and development necessary for the Varahan Empire, keeping the two Mystic Paths under her control, constantly conceptualising methods to discover and counter Gannala, managing the Wean Clan, etc.

She had too much on her plate, as Brangara wasn't good at such stuff. 'Hence, no matter how exceptionally smart she is, she's bound to slip up at some point in time. That's when we strike.'

Yennda revealed a faint smile as he performed the task he was assigned to. In the laboratory situated deep within the Varahan Kingdom's palace, the minds of the trio churned rapidly, thinking related to their benefit.

…

Traversing back in time a bit, reverting to the scene where Brangara was fighting against the Cooter Clan and unleashed a pillar of light into the sky when he employed his true strength, three existences had taken action in response.

First was Boul Brimgan, second was the Raikk, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast that worked for Orakha, and finally, the third entity was someone accumulating strength in a planet situated deep underground, with one of the routes leading from it being the Abyss Fall.

Seated a bit farther to the Biome Lattice and absorbing Prana was none other than the Royal Zinger—Inala.

'Judging by the proximity of the presence, it seems Brangara is targeting the Empyrean Snappers at the Dralh Sea.' He figured out Brangara's intentions immediately, 'It makes sense since he used all his Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity at the Second Major Disaster.'

Inala only had information about the base the Mammoth Clan had built under the Brimgan Empire, because he was living there until the Second Major Disaster started. He had no idea of where they had hidden themselves next.

'But Gannala should have guided them properly.' That was the basis with which he could state that the Mammoth Clan had hidden themselves well, which forced Brangara to target the Empyrean Snappers, as he was in desperate need of powerful Gold Grade Natures.

'It'll be a mess.' He sighed, aware that Brangara's strength would balloon to tremendous extents once he were to gain enough Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, 'That'll allow him to counter my Perfect Biome Domination easily.'

The best-case scenario would be to bring Gannala to the Dralh Sea in advance, equip them onto the Nature slots of the Empyrean Snappers one after another, and activate her Tertiary Nature of Cultivator upon them.

This way, all the Empyrean Snappers will assume human forms, allowing them to flee when necessary. When they look no different from humans, it was easy for them to hide wherever they wanted without worries of being discovered.

But the situation wasn't perfect for that. Inala had a lot on his plate at the time. The circumstances prevented him from taking advantage of Gannala's powers.

If he didn't focus on assimilating the mind of the Brimgan Founder into himself, not to mention humbling himself to a great extent by remaining at the Silver Grade, Inala would have taken action that he would have regretted later.

He might have captured the Mammoth Clan to be used as a farm for Prana or worse, he would have gone to fight Brangara immediately after. They were all horrible plans, but due to his bloated ego at the time after becoming a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, Inala would have gone ahead with stupid plans.

It was why he focused on gathering his bearings first, which took a lot of time. And even now, he wasn't ready to fight, 'My ego isn't perfect yet.'

He only needed to leap into the stream of water travelling through the void of the Ravaged Federation and arrive at the Dralh Sea through the Abyss Fall. That way, he could immediately support the Empyrean Snappers and prevent Brangara from accumulating their Natures.

But if he were to do so, he might be forced to remain a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger for too long, which would bloat his confidence levels until he would assume he could solve everything through brute strength.

That would only result in his pitiful death under the hands of the Celestial Boar, either now or in the future. And once Inala gets caught up in such a mental state, it would be hard, if not impossible to revert to his original state.

After all, he was the Deity of the Zinger race, having billions praying to him. That too was an influence which was gradually stacking on his mental being. So, if he doesn't focus on himself, the mental stack will give him unsurpassable arrogance.

Inala experienced a headache, thinking of the worsening situation brought about by Brangara having thirty-plus Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination. But upon sensing the presence of Brangara's Major Treasure vanish in a matter of seconds, he was stunned, 'Is the fight over? Already?'

'The Empyrean Snappers aren't so weak to be killed instantly like that.' He frowned, unable to think of an answer, 'I'll figure it out later. I need to focus on the task at hand now.'

"Are you ready?" He asked and stared at the figure of a fat Wittral who entered a Biome Bomb.

"I've been eating your corpse and drinking Nectar all along. I'm fed up with it.' Wittral burped, stating in excitement, "Let's begin already."

"I've been waiting for too long."



Chapter 644 Beginning The Race Change

﻿﻿644  Beginning The Race Change

Inala had been working on taking advantage of the Comb in a variety of ways. First was to determine the formulae used by the Comb in the tunnels, transporting Ravaged Tribesmen from various cities into the Comb.

Second was the means through which it judged and picked opponents for the participants. Third was the method it used to determine the end of a battle and picked the winner to grant a droplet of Nectar as reward.

Currently, Inala had figured out the ins and outs of the methods used by the Comb to pick opponents. This meant that he could send his Quip Clansmen to the Comb and ensure they faced only him.

He didn't have enough time for other things yet, having been focused on Wittral. Once the Zinger Representative appears, he could leave the Quip Clan in her control and focus on taking control over the Comb better.

Thanks to the Biome Lattice, Inala had no lack of Keys, allowing him to farm as much Nectar as he wanted without issues. And to ensure that he could move about without worries, he transformed an entire city's worth of residents into Biome Puppets.

Their original bodies were trapped within the Biomes which took on their appearance and lives. This way, to any outsider, there wouldn't be anything amiss. The Biome Puppets had been modified in such a way that the orifices of the Ravaged Tribesmen trapped within were connected to the external world through the Biome Bombs.

Basically, the mouth of the Biome Puppet was connected to the mouth of the Ravaged Tribesman through a tunnel. So, anything the Biome Puppet eats would end up in the stomach of the Ravaged Tribesmen. The case was the same for the discharge of waste products too.

Moreover, using Tangible Piezo Slips, the Biome Puppets were extracting information from the Ravaged Tribesmen to behave the same as the original. So, even if someone were to visit the city from the outside and make a conversation with a friend or something, they wouldn't notice anything unusual.

It was thanks to this that Inala managed to gain control of an entire city. Even the ones with Gold Grade strength weren't an issue. He only needed to become a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger to take care of them.

Currently, he was honestly farming for Nectar the traditional way, supplying everything to Wittral. He sent the Quip Clansmen—who were equipped with plenty of Gold Biome Bombs—into the Comb, ensuring they could easily kill their opponents.

With the assistance of the Gold Biome Bombs, taking care of Silver Grade Ravaged Tribesmen was easy, especially since all the Quip Clansmen were at the 2-Life Stage. They were covered by a Biome Bomb that released the presence of a Quip Tribesman—who could only exist in the Body Stage.

Once Inala enters the 2-Life Stage, he would send his second body to Wittral for consumption, following which the latter would consume a droplet of Nectar, assimilating the Royal Zinger's genes into his body.

Wittral was consuming at least ten Silver Grade Royal Zinger bodies daily. Nothing happened at the start, but as the days spanned past, changes began to appear. Claws began to grow at the end of the legs, growing fur. Some days, there was fur, and the other, a material resembling coral formed.

The changes were unstable, changing every day as the Royal Zinger genes were getting assimilated into the Empyrean Snapper genes. At the end of the day, Wittral would activate his Secondary Nature of Empyrean Mist Deity, taking on the appearance of a human.

All the changes would retreat into the body.

This process continued for two years, when Wittral felt overwhelmed. The quantity of Empyrean Snapper genes and Royal Zinger genes were equal now, making a mess. Wittral's state was unstable, despite consuming Nectar.

It was because he was maintaining a perfect balance of genes, which prevented the creation of a base of genes upon which the remaining genes could harmonise to form his Natures. As a result, Wittral was unable to activate his Natures.

They were flickering in and out of existence, placing his life at risk, which was maintained until the present, to ensure Wittral existed in an extreme state.

Inala kept Wittral in his Biome Bomb all along, keeping watch on the process and controlling everything through Perfect Biome Domination. That was how he ensured the number of genes between the two sides was equal in Wittral.

"Let's start," Wittral spoke in excitement, feeling bloated.

"Give me a moment," Inala said and gathered all the Gold Biome Bombs that he had prepared until now. He was already at the Mystic Grade as the Royal Zinger, for only at this level could he take action.

There were a total of five Gold Biome Bombs, each containing a thin golden bolt of lightning. Each bolt was condensed from two million units of Mystic Grade Prana.

Bolt of Transcendence!

Inala had five bolts in total. These bolts were of the same level as the ones harnessed by the cultivators intending to reach the Transcendence Stage. To condense one such bolt required two million units of Mystic Grade Prana, which was a ginormous sum.

If not for the Biome Lattice, this would have been impossible. Moreover, this was the limit. If Inala were to create a second Biome Lattice, there would be a drop in the population of Phells in some locations that could be noticed by the Ravaged Federation.

If Inala wanted to create more, he would have to gain complete control of the Ravaged Federation, which wasn't possible anytime soon. It would be nothing but a waste of resources.

After all, he had to use 1000 units of Gold Grade Prana to condense a Gold Biome Bomb, using which he could make a Biome Puppet. He would need billions of such Gold Biome Bombs to take over the Ravaged Federation.

That was nothing but a useless endeavour.

The five Gold Biome Bombs landed on his hand as Inala stared at the Biome Bomb before him. Currently, there was within a Mystic Biome Bomb that had expanded to its original size—a sphere with a radius of 180 metres.

As space within it wasn't compressed, Inala could bring Biome Bombs inside without issues. Space within the Gold Biome Bombs was compressed, as the Bolts of Transcendence were arcing around within, filling up it in its entirety.

Externally, they looked no different from light bulbs, excessively bright.

Inala remained in his human form, for the space within the Biome Bomb wasn't large enough to assume his Royal Zinger form. He wasn't a marine creature, so he couldn't remain outside. Besides, peeking out was a death sentence as the Phells would swarm him in a frenzy.

He needed peace for the time being. Only then could he execute his plan properly.

"I'm starting," Inala said and touched the Mystic Biome Bomb—

containing Wittral—with his right hand. His left took out a shiny piece of material from his pocket, one that exhibited an overbearing presence even upon him.

Sumatra Gold!

It was what he had produced after two years of nonstop effort at the Biome Lattice. It was what he was relying upon for Wittral's race change. "Take in a deep breath, Wittral. This might hurt."

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

The Sumatra Gold entered the Mystic Biome Bomb containing Wittral and turned into smoke. It layered Wittral's skin and seeped inside gradually, mixing with the bloodstream to be circulated through his body.

Thump! Thump!

Wittral's heart pumped blood faster and faster, naturally drawing in the dissolved particles of the Sumatra Gold. After all, this heart was Inala's. And the Royal Zinger's heart was sourced from Wittral. And hence, it had a natural affinity towards the Sumatra Gold, calling it forth naturally.

The particles of Sumatra Gold were drawn towards the heart naturally as they circulated through the blood. Once they arrived at the heart, they were fused into the Spirit Container by Inala through Perfect Biome Domination.

As more and more fused into the Spirit Container, Wittral began to experience some changes, feeling the Royal Zinger genes in his body take control.

But still, there were a lot of Empyrean Snapper genes in his body. As long as they remained, Wittral would only become a fusion of something between the Royal Zinger and an Empyrean Snapper. To become a Zinger Representative, all his genes should conform to the Zinger race.

It was in regards to that was Inala fusing Sumatra Gold into Wittral's Spirit Container. The process took close to five months to finish, following which Inala heaved a sigh in relief, "It's done!"

"And now," He took a short rest to gather his bearings and grabbed a Gold Biome Bomb, elongating a portion of it to form a tube and connected it to the Mystic Biome Bomb. "Brace yourself, Wittral!"

Once he connected all five Gold Biome Bombs to the Mystic Biome Bombs, Inala activated Perfect Biome Domination and caused the first Bolt of Transcendence to slam into Wittral.

"Argh!" Wittral screamed in pain, feeling like his body was being vaporised. But thankfully for him, the Sumatra Gold in his Spirit Container absorbed the Bolt of Transcendence and allowed him to endure it.

"Huff…" Wittral gasped, reeling from the pain, feeling as if all his blood cells had turned into blades that were cutting into him from within, "Is it…is it done?"

"No," Inala said, "That's just the first one."

"Fuck!" Wittral cursed when a second bolt slammed into him.



Chapter 645 Birth of the Zinger Representative

﻿﻿"Keuk!" Wittral screamed when the second Bolt of Transcendence slammed into him, overwhelmed both physically and mentally. His body was melting as it was genetically fusing with the Sumatra Gold.

The Royal Zinger genes had taken root while the Empyrean Snapper genes were melted into their purest essence and mixed with the information present in the Bolts of Transcendence, which had been carefully accumulated by Inala.

It consisted of the Quip Clan's information, from Mystic Royal Art to the powers of every Zinger variant. They fused with the Empyrean Snapper genes and modified them accordingly, turning them into a Zinger derivative.

These modified genes piled upon the Royal Zinger genes, harmonising with each other as the effects of Nectar were absorbed, stabilised, and enhanced to the extreme by the Sumatra Gold. They transformed into pure energy and became encoded into Wittral's genetic information.

"W-What is happening now…" Wittral stopped speaking as his body began to melt, his voice cut off mid-sentence as his throat melted, followed by his head, limbs, and eventually the chest too.

By the end of the third Bolt of Transcendence, all that remained was a swirling heart. Upon seeing it, Inala smiled, 'It's a success.'

Spirit Weapon Form!

All Cooter Clansmen were capable of assuming Spirit Weapon form. And now, the modified genes of the Empyrean Snapper granted Wittral the same form, which was why he was currently present in the shape of his heart.

The heart thumped and began to generate faint mist through its arteries as gradually, veiny patterns similar to a bolt of lightning coursed across the surface. As time passed, a fourth Bolt of Transcendence slammed into it, causing the heart to regain sentience.

Finally, the fifth Bolt of Transcendence slammed into it, engraving all the information regarding the Quip Clan into the heart. Immediately after that, Prana churned out of the heart and formed a layer, filling up the insides.

Lightning bolts spread out from the heart and formed the nervous system, including the brain. Soon, the layer expanded in size and solidified, becoming a human woman with wavy hair that cascaded upon her back like a waterfall. Once formed, the eyes shot open, glazed at first before gaining sentience.

A few seconds later, the woman opened her mouth, "Haaa…huuu…heeee…"

It took a few hours before the woman gathered her bearings, only now recognising Inala, "Is it…done?"

"Yes," Inala heaved a sigh in relief that he had succeeded and asked, "How do you feel?"

"Strong," The woman replied and clenched her hand into a fist, "I never thought something like this was possible. My current self seems to be similar to a Cooter Clansman but elevated to a whole other realm of existence."

"How is this possible?"

"I did tell you about it before." Inala said, "My Royal Zinger form is predominantly influenced by an Empyrean Snapper, since I have your heart. So, the Royal Zinger genes combined with your Empyrean Snapper genes to result in a state superior to a Cooter Clansman."

"It makes sense." Wittral nodded, grinning soon after, "I never thought there could exist a fourth being on par with an Empyrean Tusk, Empyrean Snapper, and Gold Empyrean Tentacle."

"Now, I am that existence."

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Representative!

The strongest existence that could be birthed in the Quip Clan and one capable of managing the entire Clan, not to mention having enough strength to govern an entire region without issues. That was the Zinger Representative.

In the absence of the Royal Zinger, the Zinger Representative could control the Zinger race in a fashion similar to Inala. After all, the Zinger Representative too would be treated as a Deity in the Quip Clan.

Primary Nature—Biome Nature!

This was the result of the fusion of Wittral's three Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination, Empyrean Mist Deity, and Subtle Imprison.

Wittral's actual body was his heart, similar to the transformed state of the Cooter Clansmen in their Spirit Weapon form. Only when this gets destroyed would Wittral die. But that was easier said than done, as the heart was as tough as an Influenced Region.

Biome Nature will allow Wittral to create a Biome Bomb around his heart passively. And as Wittral consumes food and generates Prana, this Prana will condense within the Biome Bomb in any form he pleases.

It could be a simple terrain, it could be flesh, it could be grey sand, Attributed Region, or even a Bolt of Transcendence.

Basically, all the terrain that a Gold Biome Bomb could create can be condensed here. And once condensed, they'll serve as Wittral's body. This meant that Wittral could control them the same as he controlled his body.

The difference between his control and Inala's Perfect Biome Domination was that in Inala's case, he was using psychokinesis to move matter in his Biome Bombs. Wittral wouldn't be using psychokinesis.

In his case, all the terrain built in his Biome Bomb was considered a part of his body. Basically, the functions of both Biome Bomb and Perfect Biome Domination were integrated into Biome Nature.

Conversely, Wittral was only able to have one Biome Bomb per body. This was the limitation. But that didn't matter as when given enough time, Wittral could condense a body purely out of the Attributed Region, while keeping a nervous system made using Bolts of Transcendence and a stomach composed of grey sand.

It would be a terrifying combo. And thanks to the effects of Biome Nature, Wittral wouldn't be limited by any weight limits, since everything he builds into his Biome Bomb was considered a part of his body.

In the future, all Zinger Representatives will be able to do the same. Every single one of them will be an existence standing head and shoulders above all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

After all, they were growth-type creatures, growing in strength the longer they lived. In a one-on-one battle, a Zinger Representative was capable of defeating both Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers.

A young Zinger Representative will lose without a doubt; but one that had cultivated for over a millennium, having built a body of Attributed Region will win easily. This is especially true since Zinger Representatives were Clansmen, meaning they could progress through the Life Stage.

The advantages of Biome Nature didn't end there. Remember the aspect where the stomach could be created out of grey sand? It was terrifying once the Zinger Representative's body was completed.

Wittral could simply consume everything in his wake, from plants to water to soil. Once they enter his stomach, they'll be assimilated by the grey sand and turned into grey sand too.

After they become grey sand, the body can convert them into other forms and supply them to the rest of the body. They'll become part of the body in the same way food becomes part of a living being's body.

It wasn't possible to consume resources nonstop, as the body needs to convert the resources into grey sand and transform them into suitable locations/forms for the body. But this also implied that the Zinger Representative wasn't limited to absorbing Prana or lifeforce to grow.

Consuming resources would also do. Upon reaching this line of thought, Wittral stared at Inala with a renewed gaze, one filled with respect and admiration, "From today onwards, the Wittral of the past is dead. Whether it be Wittral or Dhya, both are irrelevant."

"As the Zinger Representative, I'll assume a new identity for myself." Followed by a smile, the woman stared at Inala and announced, "Henceforth, I'll go by the name of Zhya."

"Zhya Echo!"



Chapter 646 Accel Growth

﻿﻿Zhya Echo!

That was the name Wittral had selected upon being reborn as the Zinger Representative. Upon hearing the name, Inala flashed a thumbs up, "That's a great name."

"Hehe!" Zhya grinned and used Mystic Royal Art to assume human form, breaking into a dance, "My body feels light."

In her Pranic Beast form, she'll become a heart, upon which her body will be built. She'll be an invincible existence. However, that couldn't be used when she was in human form.

After all, her human body needed to breathe air, drink water and eat food for sustenance. It couldn't function properly as a core for the Biome Bomb for a body to be built inside.

Or rather, all Zhya could create through Biome Nature in her human form was a basic Biome Bomb, able to absorb and transfer Prana and Lifeforce. It had to be erected similarly to using Subtle Terrain Domination to be undetectable.

Otherwise, the layer of the Biome Bome will be visible to all, both through sight or through Prana detection means, making her actions easy to understand.

And if Zhya condenses a terrain inside the Biome Bomb, she'll be trapped. After all, unlike in Inala's case where he could move in and out of his Biome Bomb as he pleases, her Biome Bomb will be built around her as her body.

Thereby, she'll have to focus on creating an environment in which her human body could survive, which would make the body too fragile. Any attack from her enemies could destroy her immediately.

Moreover, her human form would be vulnerable to damage, able to be wounded by even the weakest of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Hence, the realistic way was to avoid having a body while in human form.

This way, she could focus on building a powerful body in her Pranic Beast form. Biome Nature only allowed one Biome Bomb body per body. This meant that if she were to create one on her human form, she'd be unable to do one for her Pranic Beast form.

Therefore, the Zinger representative had a weakness—the human form.

"But it's fine here, since I'm safe." Zhya grinned and continued to twirl around in her human form, "I'm able to assume Pranic Beast form in the fraction of a second. In the future, after some practice, I'll be able to assume it even faster."

Fragile human form and an invincible Pranic Beast form. That was the Zinger Representative. Everything stated until now was what a Zinger Representative was capable of, not Zhya. She had even more to offer.

Secondary Nature—Accel Growth!

All Quip Clansmen were capable of attaining the Secondary Nature of Accel Hurl eventually during their lifetimes. In Zhya's case, there were already enough Royal Zinger genes to awaken it.

But Accel Hurl wasn't of much use to the Zinger Representative. Zhya could indeed use it to hurl Tangible Piezo Slips at faster speeds. But her usage of the Secondary Nature will be inferior to all Quip Clansmen.

Hence, Inala fused the essence of the Brimgan Royal—Kinesis Deity—that had been fused into Wittral's Secondary Nature of Empyrean Mist Deity into Accel Hurl. The result of it was Accel Growth.

Activating Kinesis Deity allows the Human Avatar of a Brimgan Royal to grow by a metre in height per body. At the peak of the Body Stage, the Human Avatar of a Brimgan Royal is three metres tall.

At the Sanrey Plains, Fhoong Brimgan reached a height of eight metres, signifying his 6-Life Stage cultivation.

Brandal Brimgan, Harla Brimgan, and Boul Brimgan all had 12- metre-tall Human Avatars once they activated their Primary Nature of Kinesis Deity.

It was this aspect of Kinesis Deity that had been fused into Accel Growth, allowing the Zinger Representative body created by Biome Nature to be bigger.

The maximum size of the body created through Biome Nature was related to the Spirit Weapon range—180 metres.

The distance between two extremities of the body cannot exceed 180 metres, irrespective of its form—humanoid, bipedal, quadrupedal, etc. That was the condition followed by Biome Nature. Zhya's Secondary Nature of Accel Growth increased that to 270 metres.

Originally, a Zinger Representative could condense a humanoid body reaching a height of 180 metres at the Body Stage. This will increase to 360 metres at the 2-Life Stage, and so on, reaching a ginormous height of 1.8 kilometres at the 10- Life Stage.

Basically, at the 10-Life Stage, Zinger Representatives will be slightly taller than Empyrean Tusks. But Zhya will be even taller, reaching a whopping height of 2.7 kilometres at the 10- Life Stage, drawing every single existence on Sumatra to become the tallest living being.

Thanks to the Secondary Nature of Accel Growth, her growth will be incremented by 270 metres instead of 180 metres per body.

As long as there were enough Zinger Representatives, the Quip Clan wouldn't be afraid of any other race. And only through Wittral's accumulations could the Zinger Representative be created. That was why Inala was adamant about keeping Wittral beside him, preventing the latter from learning anything about the fate of the Cooter Clan or even making them contact each other.

While Zinger Representatives will be able to hold their own against every strong existence, Zhya will be able to help Inala even in the Fourth Major Disaster. Through her, he obtained a powerful ally.

"Now that we've succeeded, I'll get some rest." Inala slumped on the floor in exhaustion, having not had a wink of sleep for five months now. He had been relying upon Lifeforce to stay awake.

He hadn't even finished talking when Zhya's snores filled the place. She had been enduring pain through the five months, not to mention when the Bolts of Transcendence slammed into her.

So, once the initial excitement wore off, she fell asleep.

"I'm bankrupt," Inala stared at the empty Gold Biome Bombs and smiled wryly. He had used all his reserve of Prana to condense the five Bolts of Transcendence. And now that they had been consumed, he felt a tad empty, for all his wealth had been consumed.

'Well, I can earn it back in two years.' He sighed and closed his eyes, 'But once the Quip Clan's population increases, that won't be possible. The resource requirement will spike to a tremendous level.'

"It's not easy raising a powerful force." He muttered and fell asleep.



Chapter 647 It’s Too Amazing!

﻿﻿Two months after the birth of the Zinger Representative, an exhausted burp resounded from the Dralh Sea as Brangara climbed out of the massive bowl he had built.

He stared inside and observed the floors of the bowl that had been licked clean, "If Empyrean Snappers weren't so tasty, I wouldn't have managed to consume such a large amount in a single sitting."

'Their taste is inferior only to an Empyrean Tusk.' He thought, 'Or maybe I gain more pleasure from consuming an Empyrean Tusk because of my hatred towards them.'

He stared at his bloody self, sniffing to see that he stunk tremendously, having been swimming through Empyrean Snapper body fluids for months. "I need a bath."

Brangara jumped into the Dralh Sea and swam around for a few hours, using multiple techniques that employed Prana to clean himself. Yarsha Zahara had created a few Skills for Mystic Sumatra Art that he could use for this purpose.

But despite that, considering the extent of stench that had latched onto him for so long, it had taken him a few hours to freshen up fully.

Landing on the edge of the bowl, he dried himself and observed his Astral World, 'It's a success!'

Tangible Nature Minor Treasure—Bloody Affection!

Somehow, he managed to succeed, but that was his only success. From the 50 Tangible Natures of Decaleech that he started with, 47 were destroyed.

Thankfully for him, his Primary Nature of Voracious Cultivator allowed him to consume Tangible Natures as food too. This way, the moment a Tangible Nature of Decaleech failed to become a Minor Treasure after reaching the 10-Life Stage, he converted it into Prana and funnelled it into a second Tangible Nature of Decaleech.

He repeated the process while minimising his losses and managed to succeed on his 48th attempt. Even though this was his secondary objective, Brangara still felt as if he made a loss, 'I wiped out an entire Cooter Clan branch and only have a Minor Treasure to show.'

As for the Minor Treasures used by the Cooter Clan, Brangara failed to obtain a single one. Minor Treasures were precious and were only given to the Cooter Clansmen of absolute worth.

This was typically newborn Empyrean Snappers who will return them once they had matured and had gained all possible benefits from the respective Minor Treasures. The only one other than Empyrean Snappers who carried Minor Treasures was the Cooter Clan Chief, Geugeu.

But when he transformed into a powerful bolt of lightning, the Minor Treasures on his being were destroyed.

Brangara searched the place but failed to find any Minor Treasure, 'Maybe that's all they had.'

If a Minor Treasure hasn't fused with a living being, it would unleash a small pillar of light, noticeable to all living beings in the vicinity. So, it was easy to detect them.

Typically, Free Human Kingdoms stored Minor Treasures in their treasury by fusing them to Pranic Beasts.

These Pranic Beasts would be crippled through a variety of methods, ensuring it couldn't fight anymore. They'll then be sedated, following which the Minor Treasure would be fused into them.

The Brimgan Empire had robust cages to store Pranic Beasts, having a developed system in this regard since they had too many Minor Treasures to keep. They had existed through countless eras and hence it wasn't unusual that they had so many Minor Treasures.

That wasn't the case for two Clans that had come into existence during the time period of the Mudropper Invasion, which happed around 13000 years ago, right before Renduldu's era had begun.

And among them, the Mammoth Clan was nomadic in nature, travelling through a variety of regions. They had destroyed many Free Human kingdoms in the past. So, majority of the Minor Treasures in their possession came from these Free Humans.

On the other hand, the Cooter Clan stayed their hand, only having minimal interaction. So, the number of Minor Treasures that they had gathered were even fewer.

Once he arrived at this line of thought, Brangara sighed, "I should have targeted Geugeu before he sacrificed himself. I missed the Minor Treasure on his being."

He had the Wean Clan to take care of. So Brangara's thoughts were changing accordingly. Now, he was no longer focused on gathering resources for himself but also for his children, the grandchildren that would be appearing soon, etc.

"This Minor Treasure is just the start." He thought and stared at the Tangible Nature Minor Treasure of Bloody Affection, "Through this, I'll create more Minor Treasures."

He focused on the power of Decaleeches first because it allowed him to absorb only the blood of his target. This allowed him to farm Prana from creatures without killing them.

Moreover, this will allow him to resist the Royal Zinger's Prana absorption capabilities better. While the Royal Zinger absorbs his Prana, he could steal the latter's blood. With his superior regenerative speeds, he could recover enough Prana and Lifeforce to resist.

As the Royal Zinger absorbs both Prana and Lifeforce, they'll both be circulating through his blood. Which meant that Brangara could survive longer if in a direct confrontation.

Since he couldn't get the Zinger Queens, this was his only alternative. Even this will only prolong the inevitable. So he had to continue accumulating more useful Tangible Nature Minor Treasures such as this.

As long as he creates them, he could fuse them to his body and free up the slot. And when unnecessary, he could bestow the Minor Treasure to Yarsha Zahara or his children.

And unlike other Minor Treasures, the ones he creates contain the power of Nature that the respective Pranic Beast had when it was alive. So, he could selectively target the suitable creatures and farm their Natures to create a Minor Treasure.

He then focused on the influence generated by the Tangible Natures of Empyrean Snappers, unable to control his glee as he waved his hand casually and moulded the water nearby into a spring, "I can use Subtle Terrain Domination as much as I please."

He burst into laughter, continuing to spam its effects, "Those damn Snappers could freely wield this amazing power?"

"I want Internal Inertial Gravity next!" He became obsessed the more he used Subtle Terrain Domination, "If I have even that, then I'll become an invincible existence."

Until now, Brangara's weakness was that his Natures would vanish once he uses them. As a result, he stored them and used them only when absolutely necessary, which meant he had zero practice in using them, especially for the precious ones such as Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Dominance.

"Where are you lot hiding?" He bit his nails, praying to encounter an Empyrean Tusk. Eventually, he regained his bearings and controlled his obsession, 'This is a bit dangerous. It seems I need to meditate for a while after I return home.'

Brangara consumed a large batch of Bludders and Shifting Ants until his slots were filled. He condensed a bunch of their Tangible Natures and placed them in a bag that he slung on his back. This way, he could carry a larger number of them.

"No, I need a large quantity of them anyway. Then…" After a bit of thought, he appeared in a forest and used Subtle Terrain Domination to create a carriage using trees, "As expected, Subtle Terrain Domination is amazing!"

"Oh, I already praised it before. I forgot." He shook his head and began to capture as many Bludders, Shifting Ants, and Ewworms as he could. He stored them in compartments each and kept Tangible Natures on the lookout.

Soon, he had gathered about a couple thousand of each, "This is enough for the time being. With Grehha's Empyrean Incubators, nests can be created where these Iron Grade Pranic Beasts could breed without being affected by the changing environments."

Brangara carried the large carriage through psychokinesis—

thanks to Subtle Terrain Domination that treated all terrain within Spirit Weapon Range as Spirit Weapon—as he ran through the wild, crossing the Guna Caves as he made a beeline towards the Zahara Kingdom.

Once the nests for Bludders, Ewworms, and Shifting Ants were created respectively and their production had stabilised, Brangara could collect more Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. These nests will become the foundation upon which the Varahan Empire will be built upon and prosper.

"With Subtle Terrain Domination, I can actively modify the terrain into suitable forms to build what we want. Heck, I could build everything myself as long as Yarsha gives me the blueprint." The more he thought about the possibilities that Subtle Terrain Domination brought to him, the more excited he became, "It's amazing! Too amazing to be true!"

His pace was brisk as Brangara made multiple detours, making note of various Pranic Beast races that lived in the region. He consumed them and understood the function of their Primary Nature after turning them into a Tangible Nature.

He stored one of each for later research and returned to the Zahara Kingdom, sneaking into the palace without alerting anyone as he made his way to the laboratory, seeing a man disguised as him, "You're staying put, Yennda."

"Yarsha promised to announce me as the Chief Architect of the Varahan Empire." Yennda boasted, "So, I have reasons to obey her words."

"Good, good, continue to work hard for my Empire." Brangara patted him on the shoulder, "As long as you assist the Wean Clan, you'll be compensated tremendously."

'He's too happy! What the fuck happened?' Yennda frowned as he watched Brangara skip through the corridor, humming and dancing upon every step. 'Shit! The more he behaves like this, the more worried I become. I can only hope he hasn't grown more broken than he already is.'



Chapter 648 Two Men Rant

﻿﻿"Seems it's a success," Yarsha Zahara said upon seeing Brangara's chirpy entry.

"It's not just a success, but a major success." Brangara laughed as the wind around him churned in response, "I can freely use Subtle Terrain Domination now."

He funnelled the air towards her, "Take out your Spirit Weapon. You can store some of its power in your Lunchbox."

"About that…" Yarsha Zahaa smiled wryly, "It's currently full of Grehha's and Yennda's Natures."

"That's…too bad." He blinked in surprise for a few seconds before understanding Yarsha Zahara's objective, "Right, we had stuff to do."

"You…forgot?" Yarsha Zahara frowned, turning serious in response, "Are you serious?"

"I didn't forget anything. It just…slipped my mind out of excitement." His laughter came to a pause, mildly disappointed as he asked following a sigh, "So, how's everything?"

"Under control," Yarsha Zahara nodded, "It's a pain in the butt to control two Mystic Paths but other than that, everything is proceeding as planned. Close to two hundred women have gotten pregnant in the past five months."

She then condensed an Empyrean Incubator, "This is a modified Empyrean Incubator. I have fused these into the wombs of the women and allowed them to infuse the essence of the Empyrean Boar King into the children."

"They'll successfully be born as Wean Clansmen." She concluded.

"Empyrean Boar King?" Brangara frowned at her words, "Shouldn't it be Celestial Boar?"

"The Celestial Boar is practically another race, so your concentrated essence will only become destructive to the children." Yarsha shook her head, "So, I had modified it to produce the essence of the Empyrean Boar King. And the data I obtained to create it was mostly derived from Brana, since genetically speaking, he's the closest to you."

"You don't need my Prana for that?" Brangara asked.

"Nope, even the mothers themselves can feed Prana to the Empyrean Incubators." She said, "This way, they can nurture the growing children better."

"What about Barla then? How is she faring?" Brangara asked next, surprised immediately after, "She has reached the 3-Life Stage?"

"Her cultivation has improved once she got pregnant." Yarsha Zahara laughed, "The only issue is the food. We're running out of our food reserves to take care of her consumption needs. Everything else is proceeding smoothly…"

She paused and stared at Brangara, who was casually sliding a bracelet on her hand, "What is this?"

"A bracelet, what else?" Brangara smirked.

A glance at the bracelet and her eyes widened in absolute shock, "How many Empyrean Snapper horns did you condense to create it?"

"Just one," Brangara laughed in satisfaction upon seeing her reaction, "But it feels like that because this is made using the First Empyrean Snapper's horn. So, the quality is peerless. It's nothing like a Minor Treasure, but when you wear it, you'll be able to feel the flow of wind better."

"Thank you, this is perfect!" Yarsha laughed in joy and kissed him.

"Hahaha!" Brangara was excited as he lifted her up and rushed to the bedroom, "It has been a while since we last did it…"

He placed her on the bed and leapt out of his clothes in the fraction of a second, stopping only when he was about to start the deed. He swerved his head to the corner of the room and noticed the figure of Grehha seated there, limbs tied, but relying on psychokinesis to lift a bone cup to drink some tea, "Why the fuck are you here?"

"I'm keeping this place warm in case you get offed somewhere out there. It's a dangerous world, you see." Grehha replied spontaneously when a gust of wind slammed into him, plunging him halfway into the wall.

"Have you gained all the benefit from him?" Brangara glared at Yarsha Zahara, "If you have, then I'll kill him now."

"Pfft!" Grehha coughed out blood, feeling his entire body had fractured from the attack. As he was under Yarsha Zahara's control, he couldn't use Internal Inertial Gravity to defend himself properly. Or rather, she limited his use of it, ensuring he wouldn't die, but would reel in pain from the attack.

But ignoring the pain, he laughed, taunting Brangara, "I'm your replacement, dumbass!"

"Is that so?" Brangara glared as another gust of wind slammed into Grehha, shattering his right arm, "Are you still of that opinion?"

"You slept with the best woman Sumatra has to offer and all you managed to produce were talentless pigs." Grehha laughed, "You are strong, but your genes aren't worth anything."

"Ruvva is the best example."

"Are you done?" Brangara's expression was cold as he grabbed Grehha by the neck and increased his strength, cracking the latter's skull. He then frowned, watching the skull become reinforced by Internal Inertial Gravity, glaring at Yarsha Zahara, "Why are you hindering me?"

"He's purposefully taunting you!" Yarsha Zahara felt angered by Grehha's words but controlled herself, "It's our loss if you were to kill him now."

"Is it our loss or your loss?" Brangara asked, watching Yarsha Zahara's face twist in anger.

"Are you fucking serious?" She glared in anger, "My loss? Are you hearing your retarded words?"

"Bastard, I'm the one doing everything! From nurturing our children to dealing with our enemies." She roared, "All you've done is leave all responsibilities to me and journey Sumatra as you please. You behave no different from your time as a lone individual."

"I had to venture into the traps laid by Mystic Tentacles to gather them one by one!" He growled in anger, "Someone like you would be dead a dozen times at the entrance of those ruins."

"And…doing everything?" He chuckled in disdain, "Who finished Mystic Sumatra Arts? Who contributed immensely by combusting his body to ensure our children became Clansmen? Whose presence do you think has given safety, stability, and prosperity to your weak Kingdom?"

"That's all me." He snorted.

"Is that…your true thoughts?" Yarsha Zahara chuckled, or rather, seemed like that. Her eyes were sad as she stared at him, "Have you regarded me as a simple breeding tool for your children?"

"Is that it?"

Only when she got to that point did Brangara realise he had spoken too much, stammering a little, "Wifey, I didn't mean it like that! You see….ummm, the thing is…"

"Leave," She grunted and turned around, "I'm not in the mood anymore."

"I'm sorry," Brangara apologised immediately and extended his hand, only to be swatted away by Yarsha Zahara.

"Leave me alone," She shouted, "Don't apologise just like that. It feels insulting. Understand what you did wrong and apologise for it!"

"Tch!" Brangara chucked the figure of Grehha to the side with enough speed that a faint shockwave was generated, followed by a thunderous impact. He turned around briskly and exited the bedroom.

Buried in a pile of rubble formed by the collapsed wall, Grehha was in a bloody state. But in the necessary moment, Yarsha Zahara cranked up his usage of Internal Inertial Gravity, ensuring he wouldn't die.

'That went well.' He grinned widely, having succeeded in preventing Brangara and Yarsha Zahara from copulating.

Unlike in the past when they had kids, Brangara had become the Celestial Boar while Yarsha Zahara was now a Mystic Grade Free Human. The child they would have next had a significant chance of inheriting the entirety of their prowess.

Hence, to prevent something like that from happening, Grehha plotted to wedge a gap in their relationship. 'They don't have a perfect relationship, since both have tremendous ego.'

The problem with their relationship was that they didn't brave through all the dangers together, but instead faced them individually. When Yarsha Zahara was trapped in the Varahan Mansion and had to face attacks from the Brimgan Empire's people daily, Brangara was camping at the Gaja Enclave.

Even after becoming a couple, they spent most of their time apart from each other. So, there was a solid chance some resentment had accumulated between the two of them. Moreover, unlike in the past, their relationship was more equal after Yarsha Zahara entered the Mystic Grade.

As they were in the same realm of existence, neither of the two could dominate the opinions of the other party. 'Hence, they'll argue just like the couples from Earth do, a classic fight between married people.'

"You…remain there." Yarsha Zahara looked down on Grehha's bloody figure, able to pick up his intentions. She was pissed, but knowing that Brangara was nearby, she refused to leave the bedroom.

Instead, she piled more rubble on Grehha, returned to her bed, and fell asleep.

In the meantime, Brangara found himself at the laboratory, seated at a corner beside Yennda, murmuring in anger, "I'm the one who's supposed to be angry. How dare she turn it around on me!"

"Boss, why are you telling this to me?" Yennda covered his ears, "I didn't hear anything."

"Fucker, just listen to me." Brangara growled and pulled Yennda's hands to the side, apologising immediately as he by mistake ripped apart both arms, "Damn you're fragile."

"Thank you for noticing it," Yennda muttered and slowly regenerated the wounds once Brangara reattached his arms.

There was silence in the room for a few minutes before Brangara spoke, "How are…relationships on Earth?"

"Same, same." Yennda nodded, "Well, in some cases, your situation is somewhat better."

"Better? This is better?" Brangara growled, "I was out there for months! I accumulated a lot of resources for her benefit. And when I return home, she takes her anger out on me."

"Yeah…it happens." Yennda sighed dejectedly, "On Earth…there was a woman who was smitten with me. She pursued me relentlessly until I accepted her affection. And then…"

He became depressed immediately after.



Chapter 649 What Do You Seek?

﻿﻿"That's…awful. How could she do that?" Brangara was immersed in Yennda's story, cursing by the end, "What the heck did that woman want, then?"

"I…don't know." Yennda shook his head, "I did whatever she wanted me to do, alright? But she was never satisfied. In the end, she dumped me. It wasn't just her though. Even my children were unwilling to see me."

"In those times, reading Sumatra Chronicles was my solace. It was the only time when I could feel any emotion other than depression." Yennda became silent towards the end, sighing after a minute of silence, "Well, I don't wish to talk about it further. I'm better off not thinking of it."

"What do you need in life? What are your goals?" Brangara asked as he stared at Yennda, only now having a better understanding of the Yellow Mystic Path as a person and not simply as an enemy he had to think about.

"Why do you fight?"

"I don't have a reason." Yennda spoke, 'Or maybe I do. I have a temporary reason. But once Harrala doesn't need me, I'll be back to square one.'

"I'm just…living." He stared at the ceiling and sighed, "Just like the rest of the Mystic Paths, I was born a Mammoth Clansman. But I didn't know that until a few years ago. When I lived on Earth, I longed to be a part of this world. I felt more alive reading Sumatra Chronicles than living my life on Earth."

"And when I was brought here by Renduldu, I was excited, immensely so." Yennda noticed that Brangara silently listened to him and continued to speak, "Originally, I wanted to obtain a type of strength that was the best of both a Mammoth Clansman and a Free Human."

"But I failed," He said with a sombre tone, "Grehha killed me. I think moments before my death is when I realised…"

His eyes turned moist, "Whether it was on Earth or Sumatra, I am not the Main Character."

He stared at Brangara, "I was ambitious once. Maybe if my original plan had succeeded, I would have become strong enough to challenge you head-on. You know, have a battle like true men."

"Are you telling me that you poisoned my children without any enmity towards them?" Brangara's eyes widened, "I assumed you possessed hatred towards me as I had killed your Deity."

"I…don't have that." Yennda shook his head, "If I truly wanted to kill your children, I wouldn't have used a non-lethal ability on them."

'That's true.' Brangara nodded, 'Their bodies became weak but their lives weren't harmed. And over time, their Prana alone was enough to fully cure them.'

Typically, diseases weren't potent enough as Prana had curing properties. As the energy made from the fusion of the energies of body, mind, and soul, as long as enough Prana circulates in the body, it will always try to bring the body to an optimal state.

If there was an injury, Prana would heal the injured region. If a portion of the body got severed, Prana would focus on regenerating the missing parts. If the mind was tired, Prana would focus on energising the mind.

In a similar fashion, if an illness were to plague the body, Prana would focus on curing the body.

Typically, Pranic Beasts adapted to a region in this manner. Once subjected to new environmental conditions, their bodies will be damaged while their Prana will focus on healing them. Eventually, as long as their Prana was robust enough, they'd survive.

Their bodies, after being constantly damaged and healed, would have adapted to the environment. In some cases, this brought about a Mutation. In other cases, a brand-new race would be birthed.

The disease Yennda afflicted the Wean Clan siblings was potent, but wasn't life-threatening. As a result, once the bodies of the Wean Clansmen entered the 2-Life Stage, their Prana became potent enough to gradually begin curing themselves.

They naturally made a recovery over time. But had Yennda intended to kill them, he could have released a powerful disease that would have ended their lives in a matter of seconds.

Once Yarsha Zahara obtained Yennda's three Natures and researched them, she realised that Yennda hadn't intended to kill her kids. She understood Grehha's statement of their intention only being to send Brangara—alongside his kids—away from the Attributed Region.

And now that Brangara heard more about Yennda's life, he realised that there was no enmity between the two of them. Yennda hadn't caused any harm to Brangara or his family. And similarly, none of Brangara's actions warranted Yennda's hatred.

"If it's like that, then why don't you work with me?" Brangara extended his hand, "We can work together. I'll try my best to give you a reason to live and enjoy life."

"I have no interest in that." Yennda shook his head, "Currently, Yarsha is controlling me to serve her objective. Once I die here, Blola will revive me and I'll be used to serve the Mammoth Clan's interests."

"Nothing more, nothing less."

"Are the rest of the Mystic Paths the same as you?" Upon seeing that Yennda had no intention or drive to join his side, Brangara changed the topic, "Are they simply living for the sake of living?"

"The rest have strong reasons to live and fight you, for their respective objectives," Yennda said.

"What about…that guy?" Brangara pointed in the direction of the bedroom, "The gaze he directed at me wasn't one of hatred. it felt like hatred but didn't feel like it. It was the first time I experienced such a sensation."

"He's a Yarsha Zahara fanatic." Yennda smiled wryly, "His entire goal is to get into her good books and score brownie points towards her."

"A fanatic?" Brangara frowned, "Does he like…worship her or something?"

"Something like that," Yennda nodded.

"Help me a bit here," Brangara asked after some thought, "How do you think I should threaten him?"

"Bring him away from her and he'll lose his mind." Yennda laughed, displaying anger in response, "I am annoyed by geniuses like him. So that should teach him a lesson."

"Got it," Brangara got up and patted Yennda on the shoulder, "That was an interesting conversation. I had fun."

His gait was slow as he arrived at an open space three hundred kilometres from the Zahara Kingdom, beginning to use Subtle Terrain Domination to carve out a large bowl using the earth. He threw in a few trees, some topsoil, and poured a decent amount of water.

Astral World—Drifting tunnel!

Using the power of Drifting Tunnel, he began to create large tunnels in the bowl, mimicking the Guna Caves. He released two Tangible Natures of Bludders into the bowl and observed their actions.

The two Tangible Natures of Bludders roamed through the winding paths formed within the tunnel and returned as Brangara retracted them into his Astral World. As he was supplying Prana to them and hadn't deactivated them, the two Tangible Natures didn't dissipate.

In this state, he exerted his influence on them and gradually extracted information from them as they lived in the Astral World, understanding what they felt while living in the bowl, 'They can temporarily live there, but over time, they'll suffer from depression.'

Bludders needed a large, complex space to move across and hunt other creatures. They couldn't be grown in a safe, constrained environment.

Brangara continued to experiment in such a fashion, using Subtle Terrain Domination to make corrections to the large bowl. Eventually, he created an expansive structure similar to an anthill, one that reached a size exceeding three kilometres.

He released two Tangible Natures of Bludders alongside Shifting Ants and Ewworms. He exerted his influence on them, prompting them to live as they pleased. As a result, immediately upon being released into the bowl, the Bludders targeted the Shifting Ants while the latter intended to flee using a Drifting Tunnel. In the meantime, the Ewworms targeted the anus of both.

A tunnel collapsed upon a Bludder and crushed it. The second Bludder unleashed an Eddy Blade and severed the bodies of both the Shifting Ants while an Ewworm plunged into its rectum right as it arrived at a stop.

The final Ewworm burrowed into the ground and fled to safety.

Brangara had released six Tangible Natures, observing in interest as their numbers dropped to half in a minute. Staring at the Tangible Nature of Bludder that was chomping upon the three Tangible Natures that had died, Brangara smiled, 'This is a basic nest. It's working, but it's not perfect yet.'

A large variety of moss grew along the tunnel walls of the Guna Caves, which was feasted upon by the Shifting Ants. Typically, the Ewworms consumed the excreta of the Shifting Ants to barely sustain themselves.

Once they had enough energy, they remained in hibernation after picking a spot on the ground. Until the moment comes when they chance upon a prey, they'll remain in hibernation.

As Brangara observed them, he was gradually perfecting the structure of the nest. He intended to do the same for various nests that were planned to be erected in the Varahan Empire. 'Once it's working in full swing, I'll be able to relax a little.'

Exactly four days later, he returned to the palace through the underground tunnel created for his exclusive use, smiling upon seeing the figure of Yarsha Zahara waiting for him, "You're here."

"Obviously," Yarsha Zahara rolled her eyes and apologised, "I lost my cool. I'm sorry."

"I understand," Brangara pulled her into his embrace, "Controlling two Mystic Paths while preparing for everything else is taking a toll on your mind. That's why I gave you some time to breathe. In the meantime, I have perfected the nest to house the Bludders, Ewworms, and Shifting Ants."

"As expected, you understand me the best." Yarsha Zahara grinned and planted a kiss on his cheek,

"I have factored Subtle Terrain Domination in our plans. And guess what,"

"They've become many times simpler now."



Chapter 650 Penma’s State

﻿﻿There was an enclosed region situated near the Zahara Kingdom's palace. It was heavily guarded, as living within the enclosed region were all men and women related to birthing the second generation of the Wean Clan.

The enclosed region was cordoned off into four parts, with the fourth part being the smallest, which was where Barla lived. Her pregnancy took the same time as a human woman, and hence, the chosen men there could only take turns one after another.

But unlike the case of her brothers, she—a Wean Clansman—was the one bearing the child. Hence, the Empyrean Incubator that had been modified by Yarsha Zahara was more compatible with her.

Possessing Gold Grade strength and having reached the 3-Life Stage, Barla was currently the Wean Clansman with the highest quality of genes. Therefore, the children she births will be the most talented amongst the Wean Clansmen.

She could constantly seep in Empyrean Boar King's essence into the child she bore through the Empyrean Incubator.

On the other hand, the children resulting from her brothers will be inferior. After all, the ones bearing those children were Free Human women. So, the quality of Wean Clan genetics that these Free Human women could nurture paled in response.

Therefore, their goal was to produce Wean Clansmen in large numbers to form the grunt fighting force of the Clan. On the other hand, Barla's children will be elites, responsible for leading the Clan in the future.

As a result, the amount of security designated to Barla's section was significantly higher. Every Free Human—who had begun building Human Avatars using Vara—had been granted a dozen Silver Grade Natures at the very least.

Of the five Royal Guards, two were assigned to Barla's security and were granted powerful Gold Grade Natures that Brangara had personally hunted before he made a trip to the Cooter Clan.

The remaining three Royal Guards were split between the three brothers of Brana, Braga, and Baga.

In one of the houses part of the enclosed region resided Penma, Brana's 74th wife. She had the entire house to her name, granted after winning the Wean Selection. Held in her hands was a flute that she blew, producing a piece of pleasant music.

Her belly was significantly more pronounced than her peers, five months pregnant. Once she finished her music piece, Penma grabbed a piece of Vara and used it as an Information Slip, recording her latest composition in it.

She smiled upon feeling bumps from her belly, 'Seems my child loves my music.'

She then closed her eyes and focused on her Spirit Container, observing her scantily built Human Avatar, 'I'll have to start from scratch once again.'

Once the Wean Selection was over, the selected participants were assisted by Yarsha Zahara to destroy their original Human Avatars and then were fed Elixirs to reach the Body Stage. With her assistance, they stably cultivated Gold Inheritance Art and began to build a Human Avatar out of Vara.

Penma's Human Avatar was built from the Vara that Brana had provided. Though she only had 120 units of Prana, having barely begun to progress through the Body Stage, she had Silver Grade strength, a significant jump from her initial self who had an Iron Grade Human Avatar.

"Miss Penma, I have brought some extra funds today." Her personal nanny announced and entered her house, transferring her twenty Natures of Bio-Synthesis, which was sourced from Yoked Wyrms.

Primary Nature—Gracious Inheritance!

All Free Humans who build a Human Avatar out of Vara gain this Primary Nature, whose sole function is the inheritance and transfer of Natures. They could inherit Natures from Empyrean Boars and distribute them between each other.

They could only distribute the Natures between Free Humans who have built Human Avatars out of Vara. In the enclosed region, everyone began to live as they would in the Varahan Empire in the future. As a result, all the nannies too had Human Avatars built out of Vara.

"Thank you," Penma smiled and accepted the Natures, "You're working hard."

"That I must," The nanny sighed, "It has merely been five months, but these ladies are already scheming against each other for benefits. The first wife received two hundred Natures of Bio-Synthesis."

"She's consuming precious resources like they're water while relying on Bio-Synthesis to rapidly digest them." The nanny vented, "From what I found out, most of the nannies are claiming that the first wife's son will be born on the same level as Lady Barla's children."

"If only they distributed resources fairly." She grunted, "I will lodge a complaint to Lord Brana when I get the chance."

"There's no use." Penma shook her head with a wry smile, "Lord Brana is trying his best to remain impartial to all his wives, but it's an unfortunate truth that resources will naturally find themselves in the hands of the talented."

All the wives had been ranked according to their talents, especially judged based on how talented their progeny could be. The resources were distributed accordingly. Though Brana wanted them all to get the same amount of resources, there was a limit to how many Natures he could stockpile per day.

He had a lot of work to do, from resource collection to training Skills and running errands for his mother. His interaction with his wives was minimal at best. He would spend some nights with them, and once they were successfully pregnant, he would proceed to the next wife.

All the Natures that he had accumulated were given to the Royal Guard assigned to him, since he didn't have the time to personally visit all his wives daily. And it was this Royal Guard who distributed the inherited Natures to all the wives and their respective nannies.

The Royal Guards obeyed Yarsha Zahara's commands. And hence, they distributed the Natures according to her orders. Ranked 74th in the list of Brana's wives, Penma wasn't talented enough. Hence, the resources allocated to her were only the bare minimum.

"But still, you're carrying a Gold Grade existence in your womb! It's not a normal child to be treated like this!" The nanny grumbled.

"The resources I'm being given are enough to nurture my baby. What more could I ask?" Penma smiled wryly.

"But if you had more resources, you could strengthen your baby's foundation. His Wean Clan genes will be purer and he'll progress higher through the Life Stage!" The nanny shed tears.

"I know…" Penma stopped speaking all of a sudden, noticing the stamp on her forehead. The stamp was golden in colour, and cylindrical in shape with cuboidal sections along the shaft. Branches, leaves, and root patterns were engraved on the sides, glowing faintly.

As the stamp touched her forehead, Penma was unable to speak anymore as all the data in her mindspace was sucked into the stamp, emptying her mind. The nanny waited a few seconds and retracted the stamp once it had sucked in all of Penma's data.

She then took out a vial containing a High-Grade Elixir, refined through Parute King Fruits, and poured them in Penma's mouth, "Swallow it whole."

The stamp flashed once and poured in some data into her mind space. It had an empirical personality, useful only for this digestion process. The personality took effect as Penma employed Gold Inheritance Art to begin digesting the High-

Grade Elixir faster.

She poured all the Prana generated from the process into the Empyrean Incubator that had fused with her womb, generating potent Empyrean Boar King essence into her children. There was a pair of twins growing in her womb.

But the information was withheld by the nanny, who conveyed to others that Penma was only pregnant with a single child.

All the wives were taken care of by their nannies, who were all personally selected for the task by Yarsha Zahara. Only the nannies could meet with the respective wives who will use the pregnancy period to hone their skills and focus on enriching the Wean Clan genes of their children.

If there was outside contact, there was a chance someone could intrude upon the place. Hence, Yarsha Zahara isolated the place and even went to the extent of filling the ground with Mystic Eaters.

This way, Gannala or Virala will never be able to set foot in the place. Indeed, the duo was unable to infiltrate the place, personally, that is.

Minor Treasure—Mystic Human Stamp!

Once the tool growing at the tail end of his Mystic Ewworm was refined through Gold Kinesis Art to the extreme, it became a Minor Treasure, same as the Brimgan Royals who had reached such a point.

It had fused with the nanny assigned to Penma and had been controlling her all along. Every single day, the nanny would use the power of the stamp upon Penma to extract all the data from her mindspace and insert a fake personality to digest the High-Grade Elixir.

"It's done," Penma said once she used up all the Prana generated by the High-Grade Elixir. Immediately in response, the stamp absorbed the fake personality and injected Penma's original data into her mindspace, except for the final few seconds in her memory.

The stamp turned into a golden flash and retreated into the nanny, who wore a crying expression immediately after, "It's tough, Lady Penma."

"It's alright." Penma continued to speak as if she hadn't witnessed the nanny use the stamp on her. The related memories had been wiped out from her mind space.

She activated four Natures of Bio-Synthesis and consumed food, supplying the generated Prana to her Empyrean Incubator. She focused on her Empyrean Incubator and smiled, "My children will grow up to be strong."

But the stamp touched her forehead once again, selectively extracting some memories. Immediately after, Penma spoke, unaware of what had happened just now, "My child will grow up to be strong."

She had forgotten the fact that she was bearing a pair of twins. And every time she notices it, the nanny will ensure she continues to forget it.



