Chapter 71 Blola Becomes an Empyrean Tusk

"That was anticlimactic," Blola muttered upon staring at the bloody interior of his boat. There was a gaping hole on the foreheads of both Duvara and Lahena. "They never suspected me even once. Well, I can understand that since they would have braved through a lot of fights while transporting the baby Empyrean Tusk."

Blola inspected the corpses of the two, finding only one item. He grinned in excitement, "It's here. In Sumatra Chronicles, they gifted it to Resha on the night before they mysteriously committed suicide."

Eight-Storey Storage Lantern!

One of the highest grades of Storage Lanterns manufactured by the Mammoth Clan. It was something only the Settlement Leader possessed. Not only was it expensive to create, but it was also a display of authority.

Whenever the Settlement Leader changes, this Eight-Storey Storage Lantern too would swap hands. And the one before him was Bora Tusk's prized treasure.

"It was mentioned in the story that Bora Tusk gave it to Resha's parents to help their efforts in securing an Empyrean Tusk. Well, considering how they succeeded, it seems Settlement Leader trusts their skill that much. Well, not that I care, since it's mine from today onwards." Saying so, Blola grabbed the Storage Lantern and slung it to his hip.

Since it had Lahena's imprint, Blola wouldn't be able to access its contents. But he had a solution to it already. His prana seeped into Lahena's corpse and began to morph it, causing her flesh, blood, and Prana to seep into her bones.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined her body into a hand, "If there's an irony, it's this."

What Blola was doing was a Skill Resha created in Sumatra Chronicles. Of course, it was impossible without the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator. Resha used that as the base to create the Skill.

It was easy to replicate once Blola obtained his Secondary Nature. All he had to do was repeat a certain action by activating his Secondary Nature and voila, he gained the Skill. This was one of those easy-to-learn Skills, with the hardest requirements being a set criterion—Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

The skeletal hand gently touched the Storage Tower as Blola seeped Prana into it. The skeletal hand absorbed his Prana and converted it to Lahena's Prana signature, instantly granting access to the Storage Tower.

Following that, he changed ownership from Lahela to himself, becoming the Eight-Storey Storage Tower's owner.

His eyes then fell upon the cage, "Now, for the main dish."

Blola used Lahena's skeletal hand to touch the cage. Using her Prana signature, he unlocked the cage, causing it to open, revealing the entity inside.

A baby Empyrean Tusk barely a metre tall, lacking an exoskeleton. It was in a state of deep sleep, remaining peaceful. At the sight, a lurching sensation enveloped Blola, causing his heart to feel emotionally pained.

Blola slammed his hand onto his chest a couple of times, "Is the Mystic Bone Art acting up? I see, I understand now. It is a cultivation technique created by the Empyrean Tusks after all. And at the sight of a baby Empyrean Tusk, it's screaming at me to protect it."

"All Mammoth Clansmen would feel the same way, a systematic brainwashing of sorts that had been maintained for generations. The effects are now instinctual." Blola muttered calmly as he positioned a spindle on its stomach, making it drill without any hesitation, "But not for me."

Duvara had placed the baby Empyrean Tusk under a spell, keeping it asleep to avoid it causing a scene. After all, even its softest cries acted as a beacon, alerting every single Empyrean Tusk in a ten-thousand-kilometre radius.

It was something similar to a hive mind, an ability only baby Empyrean Tusks possessed. They could innately request the help of every adult Empyrean Tusk when feeling threatened. Therefore, it was best to keep one asleep.

And that worked to Blola's benefit as he drilled into its body and extracted its heart, swallowing it immediately.

Boom!

Prana surged in his body as Blola attempted a breakthrough, fusing his hundred Spirit Containers into a unified whole. His Fragment Disease flared up, but instead of destroying his body, it absorbed the concentrated essence available in the baby Empyrean Tusk's heart.

Blola's bloodline awakened as his Spirit Container transformed into an Empyrean Tusk. A surge of lifeforce settled in him, elevating him into a higher existence, "Hahahahaha! I can live for 2000 years now!"

His Spirit Container's Prana Capacity was now a whopping 8398 units. That means, by the time he reaches the peak of the Body Stage, he'll possess 8398 Prana. No Mammoth Clansmen would even come close to him.

Now that he obtained everything he needed, Blola observed the baby Empyrean Tusk's corpse and touched its barely protruding tusks, "Hmm, it's useless. They haven't even begun developing, so I can't use them to build my body."

Blola pedalled the boat back to the pond and set the baby Empyrean Tusk's body on the tiny island. He scattered Duvara's body parts on the island. He had set aside Lahena's heart while refining her body before. And now, he threw the organ next to the Empyrean Tusk, "Next, to erase my involvement."

He didn't have to do anything for that other than to imprint the image of a boar on the baby Empyrean Tusk corpse's tiny, developing tusks. "Upon seeing this, they'll conclude the killer to be the Boar King."

Blola inserted Prana into his boat and began to move upstream, using a Spirit Weapon to collect as much Spirit Moss as he could. Since he had a Storage Lantern to store them, he wouldn't waste such an opportunity.

Two days later, Blola had travelled a long distance, having also collected as much Spirit Moss as possible. He filled all the empty floors of the Storage Lantern with them. And as he continued travelling, he waited, "Anytime now."

Blola shut the hatch and braced himself for impact. In the past two days, he swallowed large mouthfuls of Parute Fruits, having built his Prana to three hundred units already. That was the limit his Spirit Container could bear, hence he stopped there.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Blola never felt this strong in life. As he waited patiently, a shockwave slammed into the back of his boat, launching it forth like a bullet thanks to its design. The boat rode the shockwave and flew at frightening speeds through the tunnel.

The aerodynamic grooves on its surface caused it to spin, thereby reducing air resistance as it bolted through. Even though it spun at terrifying speeds, thanks to his Primary Nature, Blola was perfectly fine, not feeling any shock. "They're crying."

The raging herd of Empyrean Tusks had discovered the corpse of their newborn. And upon seeing the Boar King's crest, they cried in rage. The shockwaves from their cries travelled through the tunnel, launching the boat like a bullet through a gun's barrel.

His Prana was consumed rapidly to negate all shockwaves that slammed into his body. Thankfully for his preparations, he barely had enough. And when only three units of Prana remained in his body, the boat flew out of the tunnel and crashed into barren land, crumbling into dust.

Blola rolled out and gasped as he lay down, staring at the sky, "A distance that I travelled for six months…I covered it in three days."

After an hour of rest, Blola consumed some Spirit Moss from the Storage Lantern and recovered his Prana. Once he was ready, he stared at the deep footprints on the ground leading into Dieng Canyon, "I should be able to catch up to my settlement while they're slowed down by the First Major Disaster."



Chapter 72 A Dying Gannala

The 44th Empyrean Tusk proceeded in its respective position—the last row, left column—in the herd. But unlike the others, its steps were a beat slower. Moreover, from time to time, it almost stumbled. If not for its Primary Nature, such a stumble would have created an earthquake throughout the settlement.

Buildings would have collapsed, all items would have shattered, and cultivators would have sustained grievous injuries. But Internal Inertial Gravity protected everyone and everything, maintaining the status quo of stability.

Of course, not even that could stop the worries of Bora Tusk. He stood at the entrance of the Settlement, positioning himself on the spot between the trunk and the head.

His eyes were red and leaking nonstop out of it were tears. He was unable to control his grief, experiencing an emotion a thousand times worse than when his closest family member died.

After all, highlighted in his vision was the trunk of the 44th Empyrean Tusk. And jutting beside it on either side, sharp and menacing were the pair of tusks, touted to be their toughest body part, and the symbol of pride for both an Empyrean Tusk and Mammoth Clansmen.

When a Mammoth Clansman proved their worth, they were rewarded with bone powder generated from the tusk. It was voluntarily shed off every year by the Empyrean Tusk for the Clan's betterment. The cultivators that consumed this bone powder and fused it into their Spirit Container were able to forge the toughest Pranic Beast bodies for their transformation at the Body Stage.

And from now on, that would become a thing of the past.

As he stared in absolute grief, cracks developed on the 44th Empyrean Tusk's left tusk. And with every minute, the cracks widened. Soon, a piece of bone, barely a metre in size broke off from the left tusk and fell to the ground.

It produced a crisp sound upon impact. Originally, due to its sheer weight, a piece of bone from the tusk, when falling from such a height would be akin to a meteor strike. It would create a massive crater spanning at least thirty to fifty metres in radius.

The piece of bone wouldn't even sustain a single scratch. After all, in terms of weight, a tusk piece around a metre would weigh thousands of tonnes. The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity would exist within it, making it tremendously heavy and ridiculously tough.

But now, the fallen piece shattered, crumbling into tiny pieces the size of dust. The sound too wasn't loud. The crater barely covered a metre, and even that was shallow. Upon impact, the piece of bone splashed out like a liquid.

Yes, it was that brittle. As evidenced by Mammoth Clansmen with Fragment Disease, an Empyrean Tusk's bones were brittle. It was only the addition of Internal Inertial Gravity that made them the toughest of materials in Sumatra.

And the fact that a piece of bone fell off from the tusk was a clear sign. It was the start of Gannala's death. Her Internal Inertial Gravity was beginning to wane in strength, unable to maintain structural integrity. Little by little, just as her tusks crumbled, she too would follow suit.

"Why? There was still a year's time." Bora Tusk trembled, despairing, "Why now?"

But, he couldn't even cry peacefully, for a Prana Bomb slammed into his face. His hands grabbed the Prana Bomb and ripped it apart forcefully, peeling it alongside a layer of his skin.

And with a tug of his hand, the Prana Bomb shattered, oozing out the fluid from within. "These fuckers!"

He looked around, spotting at least thirty to forty thousand Zingers near the Empyrean Tusk's head alone. The number of Zingers hovering around the entire body was many times higher.

He gazed to his right, noticing a similar number of Zingers on the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk stared forward, observing the backs of the 42nd and 41st Empyrean Tusks, "The number of Zingers on our two settlements is at least thrice the rest. The Zingers are treating us as a joke…no, I'm sure they are aware by now."

Such relentless attacks had already taken a toll on their forces. Even though deaths on their sides had been minimal, the loss was exorbitant. They were losing out Prana too fast to the Zingers.

The increased attacks by the Zingers had worsened Gannala's condition. Now, she was struggling to keep up with the herd. As her strength waned, her tusks, the symbol of her strength, began to crack and shatter bit by bit.

And with every piece of the tusk that fell, Bora's sanity too slipped away, "My home…my Deity…is dying."

"AAARGGHHHH!"

He cried for an entire day before turning around to enter the settlement. He had banned the Mammoth Clansmen from exiting the settlement. The only ones allowed to exit were the masters.

The masters had realised the truth by now, especially after seeing the crumbling tusk. As a result, they were put in charge of protecting the head and trunk areas.

"Duvara, how long…how long must I wait?" Bora Tusk muttered, "My Deity is dying. Without her, our Clan is done for."

As long as Duvara returned with a baby Empyrean Tusk, an initiation ceremony could be conducted where Gannala would transfer her memories, character, and presence to the newborn. This way, the newborn would become the new Gannala and uphold tradition as the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

That was how Empyrean Tusks passed down their inheritance. And one part of the inheritance was the immune system—Mammoth Clansmen.

The imprint on the Mammoth Clansmen showing their origin as Gannala's immune system would be transferred to the new Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, they could live on the new Empyrean Tusk without issues.

Without a newborn Deity to accept them, Bora Tusk and his people had no future. And without Gannala, they wouldn't have the mental strength to fight for a future. In Sumatra, that was a death sentence.

Slowly, Bora Tusk arrived at the channel leading to the heart, eventually making way to a path restricted to everyone except the Settlement Leader. It was a node on the Empyrean Tusk's aorta, one that an Empyrean Tusk bestowed upon the Settlement Leader as their Spirit Weapon.

Through it, the Settlement Leader would be able to feel the Empyrean Tusk's thoughts. As they couldn't communicate with each other, this was the only way the Mammoth Clan could coordinate with the intentions of the Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk placed his hand on the Spirit Weapon, feeling blood rush under its exterior. When he did this in the past, he would feel a rush of excitement upon hearing the rumbling sounds that were akin to an entire ocean flowing like a stream.

The blood would contain enough lifeforce to birth a million Mammoth Clansmen and not even feel the consumption. It was a clear display of an Empyrean Tusk's grandeur, a Pranic Beast titled unmatchable, akin to the Heavens. But that too was a thing of the past now.

The blood flowing now was merely a trickle. The rushing sounds were barely a hundredth of before. And worst of all, as Bora Tusk observed the blood, all he could do was sigh. Yes, sigh. He resigned himself to his fate.

After all, the lifeforce in it was diluted. Gannala's blood had lost enough of its qualities that it almost resembled plain water.



Chapter 73 Two Reasons for an Accelerated Death

There were two primary reasons for Gannala's current state. The first cause was the increased attacks by the Zingers, resulting in too much of her Prana reserves being stolen. Due to that, she had to overexert herself to consume more food.

All that did was strain her digestive system beyond the limit, as a result worsening her body's condition. An Empyrean Tusk consumed everything, from earth to trees to Pranic Beasts. Its organs were able to extract all necessary substances from the consumed food.

The Empyrean Tusk wasn't merely a living creature but was a biome. But that didn't mean it could consume everything wantonly. It still needed to spend time and effort to digest everything and assimilate the products into its body, just as a human did to food.

Therefore, overconsumption only strains the digestive system. Gannala was forced to do so because her reserves were drying up faster than she could produce. To upkeep her body functions and ensure the Mammoth Clan could survive, Gannala had no other choice. If she didn't do so, she would have shrivelled up and died, bringing down the Mammoth Clan with her too.

This was the first reason for the acceleration of her ageing, pushing her death a lot forward in time. The second reason was a lot more personal and had been voluntarily chosen by Gannala.

"It's finally done," Resha muttered as he stared at his hand and clenched it into a fist, sensing the explosive power contained within. "I'm hundreds of times stronger than the me at this point in my past life."

Having been living in the Empyrean Tusk's heart for the past nine months, absorbing the purest of essence from Gannala's blood, Resha succeeded in awakening his bloodline. But that wasn't all. He went a step above his past life's accumulation, obtaining abilities that were a level beyond what he attained at his peak.

But the cost of that was tremendous. Even Gannala struggled to endure the required resources. The consequence of that was her blood almost becoming water, absorbed of all its power.

Gannala was aware that she would die. Her death meant the lack of a future for her people. As a result, she actively supported her children—Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease—in their endeavours.

All the resources she accumulated would go to waste at her death. Hence, she used it up on her children, helping them further their paths. That would create a future better than what she saw through the reincarnates and Resha.

The one that received the most of her support, consuming the majority of Gannala's resources was none other than Resha.

After all, once he entered the Body Stage, he needed to build his Spirit Container into a Pranic Beast. As his Pranic Beast body was that of an Empyrean Tusk, the resources he required were astronomical.

Through the Empyrean Tusk's blood that was being pumped by the heart, Resha absorbed all the resources dissolved in the blood, right at the source. Thereby, he had progressed a good portion in the Body Stage.

'It took me a century to reach the end of the Body Stage in my previous life.' Resha sighed. Once he completed his body, he entered the Life Stage, obtaining a cultivation of the 2-Life Stage. Everyone that reached the Life Stage started at that point, for every addition of life was the creation of another body.

To complete the 2-Life Stage, he would have to build a second Empyrean Tusk body. But by then, the Mammoth Clan had suffered disastrous losses. There just weren't enough resources available for anyone, not to mention the astronomical sum he required.

And when he faced the Boar King, Resha was merely at the 2-Life Stage. Yes, he faced the pinnacle of cultivation existence with a cultivation that had merely entered the Life Stage. It was no wonder he was killed without even being able to scratch the other party.

Though, even if he was at the peak of the Life Stage, injuring the Boar King was questionable. The opponent was pretty much a broken character.

"In this life, I have saved at least seven decades' worth of cultivation," Resha muttered. He was seventy percent done building his body. As long as he finished it, he could protect his Clan during the First Major Disaster.

Even now, he built his body strategically. At his current accumulation, though incomplete, he could transform into an Empyrean Tusk and fight. "Just the last segment is left. But,"

He felt worried, seeing how resource-barren the blood had gotten, "Did I absorb too much?"

"No, this is the only way to ensure as many of my Clansmen survive the disaster." He gritted his teeth and continued to cultivate. Even though the efficiency had dropped tremendously due to the lack of resources, he still absorbed whatever was left in the blood that entered the Empyrean Tusk's heart.

The other individual who had absorbed a significant portion of the resources lived in a house at the back end of the settlement, alone.

The lone house looked as abandoned as before, having no trace of anyone living in it. In one of the rooms though existed a small door hidden behind a shelf, barely wide enough to crawl through. The space behind it was only large enough for a person to fit in while they made themselves as small as possible.

Only someone with flexible joints could even hope to settle within.

But Gannala used her power to enlarge the space, creating a room where Inala had been cultivating for the past nine months. Currently, he remained seated under a waterfall of blood that poured down into the room and washed him from top to bottom.

It left through a drain at the corner and was circulated by Gannala. Most of her remaining pure blood had been reserved for Inala, to the extent her Primary Nature couldn't be sustained properly. As a result, she ignored her tusks, the symbol of her pride, causing them to shatter.

Gannala was fixated on strengthening her children to the limit, and Inala was the one that received her second-highest favour, only behind Resha. In terms of personal bias, she favoured Inala the most, vastly ahead of any of her children.

There were obvious reasons for it, one of them being able to talk to him all the time. Having kept up the conversations for so long, Inala condensed the experience into a Skill.

Thanks to that, Gannala's tail slaps became a language similar to Morse Code, allowing them to communicate. The language was empirical at best, only allowing simple communication, but it still brought her joy, for she loved to talk to her children.

Before this, she could only converse with her children like Grehha and Virala once, when they satisfied stringent requirements. And each time, it took a toll on her, for she bore the burden. Otherwise, the bodies of Grehha and Virala would have exploded.

Only with Inala could she communicate without any stress and strain, so he was her favourite. As she was already at death's door, one of her joys was seeing Inala's rapid improvement and the innovative surprises he gave her.

"That's enough, Gannala," Inala said as he exhaled softly and got up, stretching as the blood waterfall stopped pouring. As all the blood in the room drained out, he stared at his naked self, "I'm fully prepared."



Chapter 74 First Major Disaster Starts

Inala had gained significant body mass. He still maintained a lean body frame but his muscles were ripped, bursting with physical strength.

The effects of his Fragment Disease were almost non-existent, not because he had cured it, but because he was only a sliver away from awakening his bloodline. If he absorbed Gannala's blood for a couple more hours, he would become an Empyrean Tusk.

That wasn't his goal. Even though becoming an Empyrean Tusk would net him the greatest strength, it wasn't realistic. The resources required to build up an Empyrean Tusk body would take a century to accumulate. Even if he took all the chance encounters, that would only shorten the duration.

The most he could accumulate was two Empyrean Tusk bodies. Meaning, a cultivation of a 3-Life Stage. He would be entering the 3-Life Stage right as the Fourth Major Disaster starts.

What did that mean? He would die a dog's death under the hands of the Boar King. Besides, Inala was confident Resha would figure out a way to become an Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, two people would contest for the same resources.

The Mammoth Clan couldn't afford to support even Resha in Sumatra Chronicles. If they had to support two such individuals, they would become bankrupt and the result wouldn't be anything worth mentioning. Their fate of being annihilated by the Boar King wouldn't change.

So, Inala's goals remained unchanged. He was still set on obtaining the Zinger Queen's power. 'By grabbing the fortuitous encounters, I'll reach the peak of cultivation before we face the Boar King. I'll truly be able to harm him then.'

Therefore, he stopped right before awakening his Empyrean Tusk bloodline. This was the condition necessary to mutate the Zinger Queen's power, thereby granting him both Primary and Secondary Natures at the same time.

Moreover, he knew the condition to attain a Nature. It was why he subjected himself to an extreme environment, sustaining himself solely with Gannala's blood. Thanks to that, he could feel it, "I have already obtained the qualifications to attain my Tertiary Nature. It'll naturally appear once I enter the Body Stage."

His Tertiary Nature was involved around the Pranic Beast he would become, hence it would only be available upon entering the Body Stage.

'It has been ten months since I arrived in Sumatra.' Inala thought, relieved at the completion of his plans. Originally, he intended to become fully prepared in a year's time, right before the First Major Disaster started.

But upon seeing the attacks of the Zinger increase in intensity thrice the original as stated in Sumatra Chronicles, Inala knew the course of the plot had changed. He could clearly feel the difference in treatment the Zingers were giving to the 43rd and 44th Empyrean Tusks.

'Something happened. One of us probably sabotaged us.' Inala thought as he focused on his ears. All he met with was silence. But that too was a confirmation, 'Indeed, one of us is behind this.'

By now, Gannala used the tail slaps to confirm every single thought he had. This was to ensure he had a solid grasp of everything.

But there was always one exception. It was when a reincarnate was involved. Gannala expressed zero intention to reveal the plans of other reincarnates, or for that matter, Clansmen with the Fragment Disease. That included Resha, the reincarnates, and even Granny Oyo.

If Inala had any thoughts regarding the people part of that list, Gannala would pause her tail slaps. This was to prevent him from learning of their plans. Whether that plan was beneficial to her cause or destructive, like the Zinger-focused attacks on their two settlements, Gannala remained tight-lipped about it.

But that also meant that the moment any of his thoughts were met with silence, it meant one among the list was involved.

The day he learnt about it, Inala understood he couldn't proceed with things according to the original plan. He felt that things were proceeding at a faster pace than the book and hence rushed his preparations too.

Once he accumulated enough Parute Fruits, in the name of closed-door cultivation, Inala stopped his portrait activities. He hadn't gone out for the past two months.

Before he entered closed-door cultivation, he taught everything necessary to Asaeya, urging her to succeed in advance to the schedule.

He calmly wore his dress and inspected his Storage Tower, checking up on its four floors. On the first floor were his Spirit Weapons, a whole lot of them, with each meant for a variety of purposes.

On the second floor was a bag of Parute Fruits and miscellaneous items, from clothes to a puppet of himself. The Parute fruits only numbered 200, all that remained with him after his expenses. But they weren't his top priority, the reason being the contents of the third floor.

On the third floor was bone powder, the primary ingredient necessary for building up his Pranic Beast body. This was hard to obtain, especially since the Clan rules stated only elites could procure it.

Inala had to do a lot of unfavourable deals with elites from the other settlement—that had arrived for portraits and Imagination Art. Through them, he procured the bone powder—the highest quality—derived from the tusks. The quantity was more than enough to finish building his body. Even Gannala confirmed his calculation.

And on the fourth floor was his emergency ration—Prana Bombs. They were all filled with Prana, obtained through his fights with the Zingers. Thanks to Instructor Mandu's assistance, he used the Prana Bombs on the Zingers and stole their Prana.

Of course, before entering closed-door cultivation, Inala took care of Instructor Mandu, granting the latter the Puppetry Skill. Instructor Mandu was emotional upon receiving it, treating Inala as his most prized student.

But that was a bribe. When the situation turns dire, Inala counted on Instructor Mandu to protect him. Considering Instructor Mandu's character, and since he received such a powerful Skill from Inala, he would protect the latter with his life.

This guarantee was worth giving the Puppetry Skill away. Besides, in the past few months, Inala derived a potently powerful Skill that he considered his trump card for fights.

Since he had made all the necessary arrangements, Inala felt ready, 'Now, I only need to wait for the First Major Disaster to begin, whenever that might be.'

Thinking as such, he turned the doorknob, intending to return to his house. But strangely, the door failed to open, seemingly stuck, 'Strange, that shouldn't happen.'

In response to his thought came a tail slap, causing him to calm down. Inala grabbed his Storage Lantern and slung it to his hip. He donned his battle gear and equipped himself to the limit with Spirit Weapons.

As he waited, Inala observed the space in the room began to shrink, 'Already?'

He was aware of Gannala's condition, knowing very well that she wouldn't be able to maintain this space for long. But the timing of its collapse couldn't be any worse.

An hour passed in such a fashion. By now, there was only enough room for him to crouch within, feeling like he might get crushed at any moment. Since there wasn't enough space to open the door, when it was his time to exit, Gannala crushed the entrance, allowing him to crawl out.

"Phew," Inala sighed once he exited the space, turning around to stare at the narrow entrance. The space that had existed within it vanished. 'But, why did it have to collapse now of all times?'

As he wondered, Inala arrived at the living room, stunned upon observing the roof that had caved in. He understood the cause, "As I suspected, it has been brought forward."

Placed in the centre of the living room was a Prana Bomb. But considering the rapid pace at which it absorbed Prana, it wasn't a Prana Bomb but an egg. And the fact that an egg had been planted here meant…

The First Major Disaster had begun!



Chapter 75 Zinger Queen Egg

The Zingers were a fairly sentient race, capable of forming their own colonies with a solid societal structure. Sumatra Chronicles delved into them in detail, showcasing that Zingers dabbled even in art, though crude.

They sang songs, drew paintings, and even danced. Of course, thievery was their main business. A Zinger's Primary Nature was the Prana Bomb. It stole Prana from the target and stored it for later consumption.

Appearing exactly identical to the Prana Bomb was a Zinger Egg and only a Zinger could tell them apart. Oftentimes, when the Zingers raid a target and shower it with Prana Bombs, they would sneak in an egg or two.

The eggs would hatch after absorbing Prana. But, here was a catch. The strength of the hatchling depended entirely on the quality of the Prana absorbed.

If the Prana absorbed by the egg originated from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the birthed entity would either be a Zinger Scout or a Zinger Captain, Beginner and Intermediate Iron Grades respectively.

If the Prana absorbed by the egg was from a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the birthed entity would be a Commander Zinger, with a super rare chance of a Zinger King's appearance.

But if the egg absorbs Prana from a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, the result is a guaranteed Zinger King. And the Prana of an Empyrean Tusk creates an infinitesimally small probability of a Mutant Zinger King.

But such an entity only appears once in Sumatra Chronicles, towards the novel's end. That wasn't the focus here.

When a lot of Zinger Kings are birthed, there is a sharp rise in their collective evaluated power. When the Zinger Community feels enough Kings have been created, they would gather into a council and approach a Zinger Queen and request her to create another queen.

Only a Zinger Queen can create a Zinger egg. And the only female in the Zinger race was the queen. She was a special existence. She had no requirement to mate, was capable of gathering all necessary genetic material just by drinking the fluid within the Prana Bombs given to her by the male Zingers as tax and possessed virtually no limit to the number of eggs she could create in life.

A male Zinger's Primary Nature was a Prana Bomb while the Zinger Queen's was the egg, termed the Life Bomb. She could casually condense it using Prana. And consuming Prana Bombs recovered her Prana.

Therefore, a Zinger Queen was a factory that produced Zinger eggs. Due to her characteristics, a Zinger Queen would generally avoid birthing another queen unless she approached old age, unwilling to lose her power.

Of course, if their strength and population exceeded a certain extent, she would create another queen to satisfy the egg demand.

In the entire Dieng Canyon, a Zinger-dominated territory spanning millions of kilometres, there existed only three Zinger Queens. When one of the queens dies for mysterious reasons, the remaining create a Zinger Queen egg.

To hatch, the Zinger Queen's egg required stringent conditions. First among them was the absorption of the highest grade of Prana. Only an Empyrean Tusk's Prana fit the bill. If the egg was placed on any other Pranic Beast, it wouldn't hatch.

The second condition was the requirement of lifeforce, a copious sum. If planted on any Pranic Beast, the target would react at the sheer pain involved with the loss of its lifeforce. It would immediately dispose of the egg.

Only the Empyrean Tusk, with its robust lifeforce, wouldn't react in such a way. Of course, it would immediately dispatch the Mammoth Clan to deal with the egg. But to prevent that, Zingers would swarm the Empyrean Tusk.

And this time, hundreds of Zinger Kings would be present to keep the Mammoth Clansmen busy. Of course, if the egg was planted in the middle of the battlefield, it would become part of the collateral.

Therefore, it would always be planted right above the buttocks of the weakest Empyrean Tusk. As the weakest would be moving last, there wouldn't be any entity present that could spot their scheme. Moreover, the tail existed there, capable of swatting away any Pranic Beast that dared approach.

So, no Mammoth Clansman bothered to defend the buttocks area and instead concentrated their power on the legs where most attacks occurred.

And through experience, the Zingers determined the safest spot on the Empyrean Tusk, away from all chaos, a serene location if one would say. It was on the tail root, one that couldn't be reached by the tip of the tail.

And in Sumatra Chronicles, upon spotting an uninhabited house in such a location, the Zinger King obviously placed the Zinger Queen's egg inside. Why would it say no to a second layer of protection?

It was a famous situation, discussed by the reader base for years. After all, the cause of the First Major Disaster was a single egg. That was why, when Inala picked such a house, Grehha knew immediately of his target.

Resha found out the cause later during his investigation—when the Mammoth Clan returned to the Dieng Canyon after a century. By then, the Zinger Queen born from Gannala matured into a full-fledged queen.

In the current timeline, he intended to swiftly rush to the house and destroy the egg, thereby ending the First Major Disaster prematurely. He didn't camp there for the reason his presence would startle the Zinger King bringing the queen's egg. It would avoid the place and find another location. That would mess up everything.

Secondly, there were still two months left for the First Major Disaster to start, based on his memories. Since Resha was in the Empyrean Tusk's heart, he wasn't aware of the changing situation. Hence, he missed his opportunity.

To avoid anyone noticing its actions, the Zinger King left immediately after planting the Zinger Queen's egg. All Zingers would be able to feel their queen's birth. So, the Zinger King planned to swipe in immediately after that and bring the queen to safety.

Inala stared at the egg before him and muttered, "Gannala, is your lifeforce being sucked by this egg? Is this the Zinger Queen's egg?"

Slap! Slap!

The slaps were weak as Inala converted it into the language he had derived through the Mystic Skill Creator, wording Gannala's thoughts, 'Yes! Hurry!'

It meant she didn't have much longer to live. Therefore, if Inala wished to succeed, he had to take action immediately. If she dies, all resources in her body would explode like a volcanic eruption, killing everyone.

"Alright," Nodding confidently, Inala activated the Mystic Bone Art and fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole. He then approached the Zinger Queen's egg and touched it, grunting in pain as the egg absorbed his lifeforce.

But the moment this happened, the condition was attained. The egg absorbed the lifeforce of both Inala and Gannala. Blood surged out of the floor and seeped into the egg; using this chance, Gannala finally managed to establish a connection between the two.

A weak voice, exhausted, but excited resounded in Inala's mind, filled with warmth.

[My Dearest Son! Inala!]



Chapter 76 43rd Settlement’s Trump Card

"Student Asaeya, take position." At the training grounds of the 43rd Settlement's Academy of Refinement, an Instructor announced. "First Test! Might!"

He stood beside a slab of bone positioned forty metres away from Asaeya. Students formed a perimeter around the training grounds, watching the activity.

Asaeya was twelve years old, about to become thirteen in a couple of months. But she had already applied to graduate, hence garnering a lot of attention.

Moreover, the walls, corridor, and even the floor of the Academy were covered by Imagination Art, all supplied by her. So, not a single student was ignorant of her contribution, hyping her up.

'Today's the day I graduate.' Thinking as such, Asaeya infused her Prana into a bone sphere and focused. At the Instructor's signal, she sent it hurling at her maximum speed, causing it to thunderously slam into the bone slab forty metres away.

The slab broke from the impact while the bone sphere was only dented. It meant her skill in refining a piece of bone using the Mystic Bone Art was superior to the elite that refined the bone slab. That was a direct show of her cultivation capabilities already treading upon the Body Stage despite being at the Spirit Stage.

"It's under a second." The Instructor muttered and calmly noted down the time, accurately to two decimal points.

Forty metres per second was the peak speed a Spirit Stage cultivator could attain while controlling their Spirit Weapon. As Asaeya had exceeded that, it meant her control and explosiveness surpassed her cultivation stage.

"Second test! Pull!" The instructor announced as a large monolith appeared, weighing two hundred kilograms. It sported a ring on its front face.

In response to the second test, Asaeya took out a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a hook and hooked it to the ring. Immediately in response, veins protruded all over her body as she infused copious amounts of Prana into the hook, pulling it towards her.

There wasn't a string connecting the hook to her. So, it was a show of the tensile strength of her psychokinesis. "Keuk!"

Asaeya grunted as the monolith slowly began to move, creating deep marks on the floor due to the friction. She pulled it for twenty metres before gasping in exhaustion, expended of all Prana. Eight metres was the limit for a student; she had well exceeded that.

'Inala did this when he rescued me.' Due to her strong impression of his actions, Asaeya practiced this aspect the most. Her goal was to rely solely upon her psychokinesis to hang from a ceiling without any physical contact.

That way, even if she were to fall during her shuttles between the settlements, she would be able to hook herself to the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton and stop her fall.

"Third Test! Recovery!" Saying so, a feast was laid before Asaeya. Without any hesitation, she devoured them like a pig until her belly protruded conspicuously. Even while eating, she was able to activate her Mystic Bone Art and hasten digestion, rapidly recovering her Prana.

"Fourth Test! Combat!" The Instructor announced and released a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Six bone hands calmly revolved around Asaeya as she launched herself toward the Pranic Beast, easily subduing the latter. Even Inala was only able to control four hands, but she was even more suited to it. This was only in comparison to Inala though. For an average Mammoth Clansman, her ability to efficiently control six Spirit Weapons was terrifying.

The Instructor brought out an Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast next and made Asaeya fight it. While the test was proceeding without issues, a group of people observed everything from a high vantage point.

A balcony was constructed on the topmost building in the Academy, one with a clear view of the training grounds. Comfy cushioned chairs were placed, facing the training grounds. Seated on them were the masters that controlled the 43rd Settlement.

At the centre of the arrangement was Yahard Tusk, the 43rd Settlement's Settlement Leader. He stared at Asaeya's actions with a glint in his eyes, "She has improved tremendously in the past eight months. I feel it's time."

"Don't be in such a hurry." Zahaella commented calmly, "Asaeya has indeed contributed immensely to the Clan as a student."

She stared at the masters seated around them, brothers and sisters of Yahard Tusk, "Everyone here has given her an S-Grade evaluation. But, I'm not satisfied yet to grant her the Grim Knell."

"Sister-in-law," Yahard Tusk's younger brother tugged his thin moustache and announced, "We have reached the preservation limit of the Grim Knell's egg. It will hatch in a year. I don't see any other student that can outshine Asaeya within that timeframe."

"Eight months ago, none of us considered her worth of even an S-Grade evaluation, not to mention obtaining the Grim Knell." Zahaella argued, "A lot can change in a year. A student better than her can appear."

"But there's no guarantee, right?" Yahard Tusk's younger brother retorted. He then stared at Yahard Tusk and gave his opinion, "Brother, as the one in charge of preserving the Clan's eggs, I vote in favour of Asaeya."

"The Grim Knell is the best against a swarm. The intensity of the Zinger attacks is accelerating every day. I say this is the opportune time." One of Yahard Tusk's younger sisters—in charge of resource harvesting from the Empyrean Tusk's stomach—commented. She stared at Zahaella, "In terms of strategic value, once Asaeya becomes the Grim Knell, she would aid in minimising our losses. Her abilities would be the perfect counter against the Zingers. Moreover,"

"She can efficiently control six Spirit Weapons. Her mind is perfectly suited to wield the Grim Knell's power. Hence," She stared at Yahard Tusk, "I too vote in Asaeya's favour."

"She has expressed her potential clearly. I vote in her favour."

"Asaeya has all the qualifications…"

One after another, all the masters voted in favour of Asaeya. They were one big family either way. The majority of them were Yahard Tusk's siblings while the minority were his uncle and aunt who remained alive to date.

As Asaeya was part of their family, they were happy to support her, especially since she displayed her superiority in comparison to other students, a tad above even Yahard Tusk's oldest children.

'The moment I expressed dissatisfaction towards Asaeya, they were happy to support her. This is almost too easy.' Zahaella expressed frustration externally but was pleased internally. The moment Asaeya exploded in growth, she had already decided to grant her the Grim Knell. Following that was merely a mental war against Yahard Tusk's siblings.

"It's decided then," Yahard Tusk smiled proudly as he stared at Asaeya's figure that stomped an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast to death, completing her graduation test, "She'll become our Settlement's trump card."



Chapter 77 Becoming the Grim Knell

"The Clan has decided to grant you the Grim Knell's egg to fuse with." Yahard Tusk was seated in a room alongside Zahaella. Kneeling on the floor before him was his daughter, Asaeya. He stared at her and continued, "But before that, I need to ask you something."

"Yes, Father." Asaeya said respectfully, "Ask me anything."

"Your mother gave you a mission. That was primarily the reason you were granted authority to trade with Inala." Yahard Tusk seemed casual, but slowly, he exerted pressure, causing the room to tremor in response. "So, why haven't you done anything to progress it?"

'I expected this.' Thinking as such, Asaeya stated calmly, "There's only one reason towards that."

"Just one?" Yahard Tusk raised an eyebrow, "What is it?"

"Inala feels he has no future unless he enters the Body Stage. So, until then, he doesn't have the room to entertain anything other than cultivation." She continued, "If I were to inherit mother's position, my influence would grant him a fighting chance against the Fragment Disease. That's why he decided to wholeheartedly support me in the successor race."

"Did he lay that down from the start?" Zahaella asked.

"Yes, before I became his disciple." Asaeya nodded, "And I can say with assurance that I never regretted this decision. I have become many times stronger thanks to him."

"So, for that reason, you went against your mother's orders and did not make him yours?" Yahard Tusk frowned.

"I never said that." Asaeya shook her head, "All along, I have been probing his character. Inala simply wishes to not entertain the thought until I become an adult. By then, I'll have a solid place in his heart."

Zahaella observed Asaeya's facial expression, figuring her out, 'She likes him, huh? Well, that's enough. She'll ensure no other woman gets near Inala. As she grows, she's becoming more and more like me. I can rest assured then.'

"What about the other seeds?" Yahard Tusk asked. He seemed to be asking the questions, but in reality, he was simply voicing out whatever Zahaella told him to say. The moment Asaeya was granted the Grim Knell, his work was done. The remaining human relation issues were all his wife's headaches.

"I have been investigating regarding that." Asaeya nodded, "Resha and Blola have been reported missing for months now. The Zingers must have kidnapped them. There are no clues regarding their disappearance though."

"Yennda is in a relationship with Yuza, the Fragment Disease student from our settlement. So, that's already a done deal. Her child will be born with our settlement's imprint." She continued, "Virala is with Ruvva, Granny Oyo's granddaughter. I have made arrangements towards that. And recently, they are on bad terms and Virala has gotten closer with Luttrena."

"But sister still has some hesitation, so that's that." Asaeya expressed mild annoyance, "And the last candidate, Grehha is a turtle. He remains in his house and never ventures out. If not for him selling Mud Viper eggs, the Clan would have disposed of him already. That's the consensus his settlement has reached. So, I can't even create an opportunity for one of my sisters to meet him."

"Bora Tusk didn't use one of his daughters to bring Grehha to his side?" Yahard Tusk was surprised, 'This isn't the way that madman behaves usually. Is it because of that?'

Yahard Tusk recalled the scene from the previous day. A piece of bone fell off from the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tusk. 'Their Deity is dying, and hence, he's despondent. But, that doesn't mean he should give up. He should at least fight for a solution.'

"Anything you wish to ask her?" Yahard Tusk stared at his wife. He was satisfied with Asaeya's replies.

"No," Zahaella shook her head.

"Alright," Nodding in response, Yahard Tusk pushed forth an egg and motioned for Asaeya to fuse with it, "I'll protect you. So, begin the breakthrough process."

"Okay," Asaeya closed her eyes and activated her Mystic Bone Art, beginning to fuse her Spirit Containers. From one to two, two to four, four to eight, the Spirit Containers fused. The process took less than a minute as Asaeya observed a unified Spirit Container in her body.

It was unstable, emanating sparks as her body felt strained. If she were to delay any longer, the Spirit Container would collapse, causing her to lose all her painstaking cultivation. Asaeya's eyes shot open as she stared at her father, "I'm ready."

"Go ahead." Yahard Tusk said, smiling.

The Grim Knell's egg reached a height of 80 centimetres, covered with bluish-black spots. Enveloping each spot was a ring, and extending from its outer circle were tiny tendrils like an amoeba. Asaeya touched the Grim Knell's egg and inserted her Prana into it, beginning the fusion process.

Her Spirit Container manifested physically, enlarging in size until it wholly enveloped the egg. The Prana within was like a storm as it fused into the egg, breaking it down into pure energy. The Spirit Container fused with the eggshell.

A few seconds later, the shell dissolved and surged into a tiny creature inside, signalling the completion of the process. The entity was ethereal in appearance.

It had a bell-shaped body, reaching a height of three metres. The clapper dangled, shaped like a mace. Three pairs of limbs extended out of the yoke. Two pairs were legs, split like the legs of a chair. The remaining two limbs were hands, but their ends resembled drums.

The base of the yoke was circular in shape and embedded in it were eyes, a dozen in number. The eyes shot open, emanating the aura of death, for a moment causing even Yahard Tusk to flinch in response.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Grim Knell!

'That's a terrifying aura.' He thought, watching the projection enter Asaeya and fuse with her body, transforming her into an elite of the Clan. She had successfully reached the Body Stage.

"This is the Grim Knell's power?" Asaeya muttered as she digested the information regarding the Grim Knell. She gained two Natures now, and they perfectly complimented her current skill set, 'It feels as if Inala trained me with the Grim Knell in mind. How…is this possible?'

She didn't voice her thoughts to her parents, lest her words sabotage Inala. But more than the joy of obtaining the strongest Pranic Beast in the Mammoth Clan, her mind was filled with questions, 'My two Natures will experience an explosive advantage thanks to the Puppetry Skill. It's not just that…'

After wracking her brain a little, Asaeya couldn't find a solution. Hence, she decided to meet Inala, stating, "I'll go inform Inala about my success."

"Alright, but I'm assigning a team to protect you." Yahard Tusk said, "The Zinger attacks have grown more frequent. And since you became the Grim Knell, you're a strategic asset of our Clan. You'll be accompanied by a group of guards until you become a master."

Soon, Asaeya arrived before the shuttle, about to enter it when three people walked out, one boy and two girls. Asaeya was surprised at their arrival as she shot a glance at her sister, Luttrena, expressing her thoughts through eye contact, 'Luttrena, why did you bring him here?'

The two girls were Luttrena and Ruvva, their auras displaying their dislike towards each other. And walking at the front like their leader was Virala, his face akin to a weasel.

'This bastard makes me feel uncomfortable.' Asaeya thought, for a moment shuddering when the latter smiled at her.



Chapter 78 Background of the Major Disaster

"Kuukukugaaa!"

"Gukaaa!"

"Gaku…uuaaa!"

High-pitched shrieks resounded from Zinger Scouts, reverberating throughout the Dieng Canyon. Zingers could transmit entire speeches within a short screech. At the speed of sound, the message travelled throughout the region, amplified, and retransmitted by the scouts that heard it.

[62 Empyrean Tusks are rampaging. Tens of millions of our brethren are dead. We'll lose control of the region if we don't replenish our numbers.]

The message alarmed the Zinger community as messages kept reverberating throughout the Dieng Canyon, bringing in the news of the destruction committed by the rampaging Empyrean Tusk herd.

On a mountain reaching a height of five kilometres sat a Zinger Queen, eyes closed as she had just finished creating a batch of Zinger eggs. She grabbed a Prana Bomb, cracked the shell and drank the fluid within, replenishing some of her expended Prana.

Her surroundings were covered by heaps and heaps of Prana Bombs, more than she would ever need. It was a tax from the Zinger colonies.

Typically, a Zinger that was strong enough would establish its own colony on a mountain. Depending upon the surface area and resources on a mountain, the strength and size of the colony varied.

Bigger colonies were ruled by Zinger Commanders. And the largest of all colonies were under a Zinger King each.

The Zinger community relied upon the concept of self-sufficiency and individualism amongst colonies. Meaning, if a colony were to be annihilated, neighbouring colonies wouldn't care. Instead, once the perpetrator disappears, they would fight to occupy the territory that had opened.

If a colony were to suffer a loss in their raid, resulting in a lot of their brethren getting killed, the leader would send an envoy to the core of the Dieng Canyon.

The envoy would fly with a large batch of Prana Bombs and deposit it on the Zinger Queen's Mountain. These Prana Bombs were a tax.

The Zinger Queen would judge the tax and grant the envoy a certain number of eggs accordingly. The envoy would return to its colony with the eggs and carefully hatch it, building up their numbers once again.

This was the principle with which Zinger colonies functioned. As she received tax from pretty much every colony under her governance, the Zinger Queen lived a life of abundance.

Her mountain was located deepest in the Zinger Territory, protected by a royal guard consisting of dozens of Zinger Kings. The surrounding mountains too had the strongest of Zingers, mostly Zinger Commanders, serving as a buffer between any dangerous Pranic Beast and the Zinger Queen.

Spanning a head taller than a Zinger King, the queen was the biggest in their species. But her body wasn't as robust as the king, for she wasn't built to fight.

As the Zinger Queen finished the egg allocation to all her colonies, she heard the shouts being relayed by the Zinger Scouts from the colonies sequentially. The message eventually reached her, causing her to make a decision.

Even though she had a surplus of Prana Bombs to replenish her Prana, she had obvious limits. It took her time to digest the gains and convert it into Prana.

At least a hundred mountains had been destroyed by the Empyrean Tusk herd. If they don't replenish their numbers quickly, some other Pranic Beast will take up territory in the void of power.

The three Zinger Queens didn't have enough power to replenish their numbers in a short while.

"Kukaaa!" At the Zinger Queen's shout, the scouts echoed her voice and transmitted it to other regions. Soon, two replies arrived in the same network, carrying a message from the remaining two Zinger Queens.

[Make a new Queen!]

Since all three queens accepted the decision, one of the Zinger Queens swallowed the fluid from dozens of Prana Bombs and condensed all that Prana, losing some of her lifeforce in the process as she created a Life Bomb.

She only needed Prana to create the regular Life Bombs. But to create one that would hatch a queen, she had to use her lifeforce too, not to mention consuming copious amounts of Prana.

The Zinger Queen aged by a few decades in response as she felt weak. She beckoned one of her royal guards and handed it the egg, communicating with it to target the second Empyrean Tusk herd moving about in the Dieng Canyon.

As the Zinger King transported the egg, it rallied up an army to serve as a distraction while the egg hatched. As long as the fourth Zinger Queen is born, they could replenish their numbers within a decade.

So, dying for her birth wasn't an issue. With that goal in mind, the Zinger King entered Inala's house and placed the egg in the living room, sighing in relief upon sensing the egg suck in large amounts of Gannala's Prana and lifeforce.

To avoid the Mammoth Clansmen from noticing the egg, the Zinger King flew away and hid behind a large Baobab tree, shadowing Gannala from the side. The moment the Zinger Queen hatches, it would swoop in and carry her out.

It was accompanied by a group of Zinger Kings for the same purpose. They were there to defend against the Mammoth Clansmen.

Right after it placed the egg, the Zinger King let out a faint whistle, alerting its brethren as millions of Zingers jumped down from the cliffs and flew towards the herd.

80 Million!

That was the number of Zingers targeting the Empyrean Tusk herd. And only a small portion of them flew closer to the Empyrean Tusks to engage in close combat. As for the rest?

Primary Nature—Prana Bomb!

Millions of Prana Bombs simply rained down from the sky. An Empyrean Tusk stood at a height of 1.6 kilometres while the peak of the mountains ranged around two kilometres.

This meant there was more than enough altitude difference—400 metres—for the Zingers to glide over and remain beyond the 180-metre maximum range of Mammoth Clansmen elites. Only the masters could target the bodies of the Zingers, but even if they could do so, they made no difference.

The number of Zingers targeting the Empyrean Tusk herd was just that overwhelming.

"You…must be Asaeya." Virala smiled casually and cupped his fists, "I heard a lot about you from your elder sister."

"Is that so?" Asaeya snorted and brushed past Virala, entering the shuttle while accompanied by her bodyguards, a group of four elites at the peak of the Body Stage.

'Judging by the security, it seems she's obtained the Grim Knell.' Virala made a judgement as his eyes curled up faintly, 'Inala, that bastard. Just how did he make a nameless character obtain such power?'

"Well, shall we go?" He stared at Luttrena and smiled.

"Remember, this is merely a transaction," Luttrena said coldly.

"I know." Virala nodded as he eyed Ruvva's frosty expression, 'She's not even hiding her killing intent now. As I thought, she must have succeeded in her scheme. Well, I'm waiting for it anyway. I can never get enough of making women dance to my tune.'

Seated within the shuttle, Asaeya glared at Virala's back, 'Something is about to happen. I can feel it. Just starting at him is making my skin prick. I need to consult about him with Inala. I don't know his house address, but Mandu can relay my arrival as usual. Guess I'll wait at his home until Inala arrives.'

The shuttle reached the 44th Settlement as Asaeya got out. She had just taken a step forward when one of her guards pulled her back, "What the…?"

Boom!

A Prana Bomb slammed into the ground before her, absorbing Gannala's Prana. Asaeya's eyes widened in shock as she stared at the sky and paled in fright, watching the rain of Prana Bombs.

"Kurrraalllalala!" All 44 Empyrean Tusks trumpeted in alarm, alerting the Mammoth Clan of the approaching disaster.



Chapter 79 Talking to Gannala

Rata-tata-ta!

Hearing the pitter-patter created by Prana Bombs colliding onto the settlement like rain, Inala was nervous, 'The Zinger King must be sensing the energies of this place from far away. The moment I succeed in getting the Zinger Queen's power, it will know.'

'And it will try to kill me.' He grunted in pain as veins popped all over his body. His lifeforce was being sucked into the Zinger Queen's egg as his hand was in contact with it.

[My Dearest Son! Inala!]

Inala felt the sounds of his surroundings wane to a great extent as Gannala's voice resounded in his mind, clear. As Inala was refining the Zinger Queen's egg, his body should originally have exploded, due to the gender restriction.

But three things were preventing that. First was Granny Oyo's imprint on his bones that Inala had fused into his Spirit Container. Therefore, his Prana signature became Oyo's, a woman's Prana.

Secondly, Gannala's blood surged into him. She was a female. And in the name of awakening his bloodline, her blood fused with his. The last of the list was his lifeforce.

The egg was stealing the lifeforce of both him and Gannala. And thanks to her blood awakening his, and since he was technically part of her immune system, both were considered one entity, an extension of Gannala. That was how Inala overcame the gender restriction.

During the fusion process, the minds of the two became connected, allowing Gannala to communicate with him.

"Yes, I'm your dearest son," Inala replied as blood dripped out of his orifice due to his lifeforce being absorbed. Every second, he was aging, slowly but surely. His skin was getting wrinkly while his body was losing mass, a sign of old age.

[I have a lot to talk to you about, but my time is running out. Therefore, I'll be curt!]

At her hurried voice, Inala nodded in urgency, realising that they could only communicate like this until the fusion process ended. Until now, Inala could only engage with a confirmation type of response from Gannala by interpreting her tail slaps.

Therefore, all her replies did was confirm his thoughts. To wholeheartedly listen to her thoughts, direction communication was a must. Hence, Inala focused, curious to hear what she had to say.

[You fool! You failed, my son!]

"What?" Inala was stunned, "I failed? In what?"

[In getting the cure!]

"What the heck? Aren't I cured now? Once the fusion process ends, I'll be rid of the Fragment Disease." Inala argued, confused.

[Repeat your statement, but slowly!]

"What type of riddle…"

[You have rid yourself of the Fragment Disease. It's called a disease, but it's merely a manifestation of an Empyrean Tusk's trait! As long as someone with this trait absorbs my blood long enough, they can cultivate as an Empyrean Tusk!]

Gannala's voice seemed angry, despite the sense of urgency she exuded, chiding him. In response, Inala expressed confusion, "I already figured that out, you know. Why are you scolding me now? You confirmed my conjectures already."

[Yes, my dearest son. Your path isn't wrong, but it's not right either. I didn't sacrifice everything to send you to another world just for you to become a Zinger!]

"Send me to another world? What the fuck?" Inala frowned, "Now you have me confused, Gannala. What nonsense are you talking about?"

[Virala, Inala, Blola, Grehha, Yennda, Orakha, and Resha! Seven children with the Fragment Disease, created by me in hopes of destroying the Boar King. When you seven were born, my friend used a future vision ability on Resha and observed the annihilation of all Empyrean Tusks. To prevent such a future, he brought your souls to Earth alongside your parents to make you experience a second life. When that was done, he brought everyone back!]

"You mean…" Inala tried to calm down but felt intense anger surge in him, "That Cthulhu was your friend and when he brought me to this world, he also brought my parents?"

[Yes, your parents were Mammoth Clansmen originally. You weren't a denizen of Earth. Your souls simply occupied the bodies of their natives and suppressed the native souls. It was the safest way to make you experience two lives, the primary requirement to attain the Mystic Grade as an Empyrean Tusk!]

"So, let me get this straight." Inala observed that the fusion process was almost done as he oriented his thoughts, speaking unusually calmly, "When I was born, you sent my soul to Earth, alongside my parents. And when you felt I satisfied the requirements, I was brought here. So, it's similar to the other reincarnates, right?"

[Yes!]

"Then, what about Resha?" He asked next. "If what you said is true, then Sumatra Chronicles never happened. Then, what is up with Resha? Why does he have a past life?"

[It's a side-effect of the future sight ability. When it was used on Resha, his body soaked up the ability's effects. So, it's as if he lived through life once and experienced everything. This ability isn't perfect, since the risks are high. The parents of all seven cannot remember anything that happened due to the ability.]

"All seven?" Inala noticed another abnormality, "Were Resha's parents sent to Earth too?"

[No. But as the future sight was used on Resha, as his closest blood relation, his parents were faintly influenced. So, they possess bits and pieces of future sight.]

"One more," Inala asked, his voice cold, "In Sumatra Chronicles, there existed only one Death Row student. What's up with that?"

[Sumatra Chronicles is simply the Cthulhu recounting whatever he saw through future sight. No matter how realistic the book was written, it didn't show every second of Resha's life. So, the lives of you six were…]

"Edited out, huh?" Inala nodded, "Then, the reason Resha doesn't remember us is because of the future sight's side effect?"

[Yes. And the disconnect you feel with the memories of your past too are a result of that, even though these past fourteen years were lived by you yourself. The Cthulhu leaped across the fabric of time and space with your souls. So, by the time he brought everyone back, only an hour had passed here.]

"It all makes sense." Inala nodded, "But there are plenty of holes and patchwork in your explanation. As a reader, I can easily spot such plot holes. I respect you, Gannala. But, I cannot wholeheartedly trust you. Hence, I'll confirm it on my own."

[How?]

"Simple," Inala revealed a calculative smile, "I have accumulated enough experience."

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!



Chapter 80 Kill the Baby

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

Inala activated the Bone Slip Skill and condensed the effects of the Mystic Skill Creator into it, pouring in all his experiences from when Gannala accessed his memories like he was a Bone Slip.

Since the minds of both were connected now, it was the best time to activate the Skill. As a result, a vast sea of memories and experiences surged out of Gannala through the connection and poured into his mind, overwhelming him.

"Keuk!" Inala grunted in pain.

[What…is this? It feels strange!]

Even Gannala was confused, despite being able to read his thoughts. But she didn't resist and simply allowed Inala to do his thing. Moreover, she even took on most of the burden associated with activating the ability, allowing Inala to take a breather and focus. A few seconds later, a Skill formed, a fusion of Bone Slip Skill and an Empyrean Tusk's capability to treat the Mammoth Clansmen as Bone Slips.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

The effects of this Prime Skill allowed Inala to treat an Empyrean Tusk as a Bone Slip and access the information in it. Of course, as the volume of information would be akin to a sea, his mind would be overwhelmed.

So, unless he received the Empyrean Tusk's permission, it was too risky to attempt its use. But that wasn't a concern here as he had Gannala's full support.

The moment Empyrean Slip was activated, Inala found himself in the void, floating beside millions of light clusters. Each cluster was a database of some information. 'My mind simply isn't equipped to store this much data.'

He controlled his greed and focused only on the information Gannala told him. The moment he had the thought, his figure in the void moved automatically, positioning him before a cluster. Inala touched it and absorbed all the contents within.

Images of the Cthulhu flickered in his mind, showing a conversation it had with a young Gannala. There was a vast sea of information in it, causing his mind to feel burdened, 'If even a single cluster makes me feel overwhelmed…'

He stared at the thousands of clusters and sighed before returning to reality. Inala needed some time to digest the vast sea of information, but he could at least cross-reference using it, concluding in response, "You're saying the truth."

"So," He sighed, "Why did you say I failed to find the cure?"

[Activate the Skill once again. I don't have the time to explain everything. I'll bring you to the respective cluster!]

Gannala could access his information, hence being able to know what he saw, felt, and obtained through Empyrean Slip.

Inala grunted as he absorbed a second cluster, gasping in exhaustion, "N-No more. I'll explode."

[You have surprised me once again! Mt Dearest Son! Inala! Thanks to Empyrean Slip, you're now fully aware. Thank goodness! I was afraid this secret would die with me. Without it, killing the Boar King is impossible!]

Inala felt Gannala's mind sharply lose strength, alarmed in response, "What happened? Just wait a little, Gannala! Once I finish fusing with the Zinger Queen, I'll help raise your lifespan. Just hold on until then!"

[My Dearest Son! Inala! There only exists one cure. I originally hoped the reincarnates could use their otherworldly knowledge to also find a cure, but all the lot of you did was be rid of the Fragment Disease. Therefore, you lot won't be a threat to the Boar King!]

"No, I have a plan…" Inala muttered.

[My Dearest Son! Listen! You'll understand the reason once you digest my memories. Now, remember two things. First, Resha has the cure. So, he'll be the spear that faces the Boar King directly. The cure shown in Sumatra Chronicles wasn't the cure, but merely a treatment method for the Fragment Disease. You misunderstood it as the cure. Support Resha with all your might. That's the only way to survive!]

Inala became silent, sensing Gannala's voice turn weaker and weaker. The egg was absorbing her lifeforce, being the final straw that broke the camel's neck. As he hadn't finished the fusion, he couldn't move from his position. Hence, he poured all his attention into her final words.

[Second! There existed three Empyrean Tusk herds in Sumatra Continent. Ours is the youngest, because all 43 Empyrean Tusks of our herd have been birthed by me. Know this! Empyrean Tusks are female and we give birth to our brethren through the Mammoth Clan.]

"What?" Inala was stunned. This information wasn't in Sumatra Chronicles.

[When both the copulating members have the Fragment Disease, the birthed child is an Empyrean Tusk. She'll be no different from a human baby when born, but as she grows up, she'll become an Empyrean Tusk. Originally, all Empyrean Tusks knew of this fact, including the Mammoth Clan, except for our herd, because I hid the secret! So, none of the newborn Empyrean Tusks are aware of this fact, hence our numbers remained constant at 44.]

"Why…did you do that?" Inala asked.

[Because of the Boar King. He has killed enough Empyrean Tusks that the moment an Empyrean Tusk newborn cries, he can hear it. He'll target the herd. You know how powerful he is. At the very least, one or two Empyrean Tusks will lose their life. The other herds usually take measures against him to at least make him hesitate to target them. But I can't do that!]

'What she says next will make me understand everything.' Inala nodded and focused, barely able to make out Gannala's faint voice.

[Because, I am a survivor of the herd that annihilated his species. So, the moment he senses my existence, he won't stop until our entire herd is destroyed. That's why, to prevent him from detecting our existence, I ensured there was no newborn among us. And before he reached such a level of power, I increased our numbers to 44!]

Thump! Thump!

Inala's heart thundered as he muttered, "Wait a second…The fact that you're saying this must mean a baby Empyrean Tusk is about to be born?"

[Stop Oyo before it's too late! The moment the baby is born, she'll lure over the Boar King! My Dearest Son! Inala! I'll leave everything to you…]

"Gannala! Don't give up, dammit!" Inala shouted in worry, "Don't die now! I can prolong your life!"

[My Dearest Son! We are lifeforms of entirely different levels. A hundred years of your lifespan merely converts into a day of mine. It's a waste of time and effort. Besides, it matters naught if I can live a day longer when the Boar King is summoned. The entire herd will be annihilated! So, do what must be done!]

[Kill the newborn!]

Gannala's voice disappeared as the fusion process concluded. An ethereal entity hovered before him, displaying an air of arrogance, one of royalty. It fused into his body, making him successfully reach the Body Stage.

"The Boar King…" Inala muttered, instinctively trembling in fear, breaking into a cold sweat. It didn't originate from himself, but from Gannala's blood that had fused into him. The Boar King was an Empyrean Tusk's natural predator. And hence, the fear was instinctual.

"No, no! I've barely begun my preparations. Facing the Boar King at this moment is suicide." Inala got up in a hurry and armed himself, "I need to kill the baby…"

He paused, daring not to think further. After all, he always held that suspicion. The baby was growing in Granny Oyo. And after that night, she didn't reveal herself, making him feel the possibility was high, "Is that…my child?"



