Chapter 211 Instilling Hope for a Future

"What do we do now?" An old man slumped on the ground, dazed, losing the will to live, "All hope is lost."

"As long as you're alive, hope exists." Inala arrived before the old man and gave him a hand, allowing him to get up, "Some of the refugees I saved from the shelters are still making their way here. When they all come here, you'll be forty thousand strong."

"To repay my favour, I'll ensure that you're all strong enough to fend for yourself and rebuild Ganrimb Kingdom. This, I vow on my existence!" Inala exclaimed.

People were currently restless, lost, grieving their lost loved ones, and lost sight of their future. As a result, it wouldn't be surprising if many of them simply committed suicide or simply starved out. Only the ones with a strong desire for survival would endure through this phase of suffering.

But Inala didn't wish for anyone of them to survive, especially after the pains he went to bring them here, not to mention the various steps he had taken to keep their existence hidden from the Centingers.

Hence, his goal was to light the flames of hope under them. As long as that remained, the refugees would fight for their future.

'First would be to fill their bellies.' Many were starving, having been reliant on their limited rations all along. Even though there were grain reserves in the settlement, it was hard for them to use it on anything more than a simple congee.

After all, they didn't know how long they had to take refuge here and had to ration the food reserves sparingly.

Inala approached a large boulder and lifted it, stunning everyone, for it spanned a size exceeding five metres. He seemed casual in doing so. Of course, his expression within the armour was twisted, reddened from the overexertion, having revved his Secondary Nature in full blast.

He was simply putting on a show for everyone, using this chance to distract them from their worries.

Boom!

He placed the boulder in the centre and successfully gathered the attention of all. He then punched it, creating a hole at the bottom side and a cylindrical hole in the centre, stunning the crowd at how he was able to create such a detailed hole with a single punch.

He had already carved it out beforehand and maintained the structure in a pristine state. And the moment he punched the boulder, he undid the Prana Bomb layers acting as the seams, causing the boulder to transform into a large cooking stove.

"Let's work together!" He turned around and shouted at the people while pointing at a location where firewood had been gathered, "Bring some logs."

Those logs were from the houses he had taken down. Before he brought in the refugees, Inala wiped the settlement clean of all traces of the Rooster Tribe. These logs were all that remained.

Everything else were placed in large Prana Bombs and shrunk in size for an Empyrean Zinger to store in its biome. It then caused a singularity in its body and shrunk itself to the size of a grain. This grain this time was larger, due to all the mass involved.

It lay somewhere in the settlement now.

Many refugees moved at his order, most of whom simply worked to forget all hopeless thoughts. Inala created a Prana Bomb platform around the stove, large enough for multiple people to stand on and work in the cooking process. It had become an open kitchen.

Of course, he actively ensured the platform didn't absorb their Prana. Soon, a tantalising aroma filled the air, causing the stomachs of many to rumble in response.

"Let's eat first," Inala said and handed over a plate of food to the person that sported the most despairing expression.

"…Thank you." The middle-aged man ate it and silently shed tears. The food wasn't anything grand but was fulfilling, resembling a homecooked meal. The people that participated in the cooking process simply created the most common dish of Ellora City. So, it made everyone recall their destroyed home while eating it.

Even if they hadn't witnessed the destruction firsthand, the moment the reserve soldiers were called for battle, they became aware of the worsening situation. The constantly rumbling in the city and the gradual crumbling of the shelter spoke volumes of the situation.

With nothing left to do in the shelter, all they could do was remain silent and hear everything that happened above ground. So, even if they didn't wish to believe it, they had an idea already. It was why they left their shelters and followed Inala in the first place.

And the words of the crying kid basically confirmed their worst fears. Anyone that wanted a clear picture of Ellora City's fate could approach the kid and confirm it for themselves.

Besides, Inala stated that anyone that wanted to personally confirm the state of their home could approach him. He would bring them there. Of course, no one approached him upon seeing the kid's mental state.

Hearing about it was already hard enough to bear. Seeing it first hand would collapse them further. As everyone ate their meals, the sounds of their crying echoed in the settlement.

Inala didn't say anything through the whole situation and silently offered them their meal. Nighttime approached soon, but since the entrance had already been firmly sealed by him, the Slump Lizards didn't approach the settlement since they couldn't discover any human activity within.

Usually, the footprints of the people that left the Rooster Tribe settlement during the day to fetch water from the Angan River was their cue. But after the Slump Lizards erased all traces one morning, there was no change to the surroundings.

They understood that there was none living in the settlement anymore. Moreover, due to the arrival of the Centingers, their habits were disturbed. A lot of factors added up to result in the current safety net that was the Rooster Tribe settlement.

It would take some time before the refugees made enough recovery to work towards their future. Inala didn't plan to rush, since he wanted to stay here for some more time to complete his plans.

He arrived before the lake in the centre of the settlement and took a seat, calmly comprehending the data from the Rockatrice and the two highly evolved Rooster Tribesmen, prioritising his understanding regarding the process of creating a Ravaged Tribe.

For the next whole month, he remained in meditation, spending three hours daily with the refugees to warm them to their new lives. He gradually instilled in them hope and gave them purpose, something to look forward to daily.

The morning the next day, his eyes shot open as he heard a screech. Leaving behind the Empyrean Zinger King to look after the refugees, Inala rushed to Ellora City and peered into the pit, smiling upon seeing a shrivelled-up figure of Gudora, 'He lasted this long.'

'He finally lost consciousness.' With that thought in mind, Inala leapt into the pit and grabbed Gudora, activating his Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill.



Chapter 212 Patient Defense

Everything went wrong during Gudora's escape. He remained patient, hopeful for his son's return. Hours passed even after the Centinger left, but nothing happened. He shouted many times in an effort to reveal his location.

Did the surviving soldiers betray his son upon finding the location of the Parute Trees?

Upon having that doubt, he dismissed it, telling himself of the fact that his son was the strongest among them all and also had the most amount of Prana back then.

Did the Centingers destroy them all?

He dismissed that thought, since all Pranic Beasts avoided harming Parute Trees, no matter in whose territory the trees grew. That was the same here. And since his son was in such an area, they would avoid an artillery strike on the region upon discovering it, no matter how much they raved about points.

Did his son fail to find him?

The possibility was likely. And hence, he had been shouting all along, never giving in to his doubts.

Did his son abandon him?

He had that thought four days later. Gudora had grown physically and mentally weaker by now, and hence, his rebuttal toward pessimistic thoughts grew weaker. He wondered if he had ill-treated his youngest son in any way.

He couldn't think of an answer. But one more day passed by and he could think of a few. He treated his oldest son the best and trained him as a successor. As he had many children, the amount of time he could spend on his youngest was limited at best.

Two more days passed and the number of reasons reached the three digits. Many of them were blatantly petty, reasons that even the target wouldn't have remembered, like supposedly breathing slightly stronger when staring at his youngest son.

His mental state had weakened to such an extent he counted such instances as causes behind his son's betrayal.

Finally, eight days after being trapped in the pit, Gudora decided to break out. He stood upon the pile of rubble and held the twenty-metre-long crystal rod.

By combusting his second body, he generated enough Prana to elongate the rod and make it reach the top. He balanced it using the weight of the rubble at the bottom and climbed it in a hurry.

Soon, he reached the top, placing one hand on the surface as he peeked out, stunned in response, "W-What is this?"

Ellora City was reduced to floor paving. He could easily see from one end to the opposite side of the flat city area. A strong wind was blowing over the flat lands, devastating him.

He peered in the direction of the City Lord mansion and saw the floor there too being the same, coming to a realisation, "Did my son not make it in the first place?"

Only if the Centingers knew the existence of the Parute Tree farm would they avoid an artillery strike in the place. But they didn't. Hence, they reduced the City Lord mansion to rubble too. Moreover, once everything melted thanks to the Bone-Melting Artillery, the molten substances flooded the ground, covering everything, including the sole entrance to the Parute Tree farm.

It had been eight days since then. The fact that there were no signs of drilling in the region implied that his son and the soldiers accompanying him had died from suffocation. They were unable to break out of the molten layer that was a couple metres thick.

While Gudora was still reeling from the shock, a powerful burst of wind slammed into him, throwing him off balance. He fell to the bottom of the pit, almost dying.

His combusted husk of a body still existed. It took the place of his death, swapped out instinctively. And the trace of Prana from combusting it remained in him and kept his final body alive on the pile of rubble.

Dropped to the body stage, Gudora still had enough strength physically to climb out of the pit once again. But mentally, he didn't. Hence, he remained in a daze for many days.

But by the time he recovered from the mental shock, he no longer had the strength to climb to the top. There was nothing there for him to get back to. Everything had been wiped clean.

At least, if he still had hatred to rely upon, he would have crawled out. But he had already killed Inala. Hence, the strongest emotion plaguing him now was one of loss, of everything he held dear. He lost the will to live.

But his robust body as a cultivator and the Prana in his body kept him alive for so long. Once all the Prana was consumed, his exhausted body was unable to hold on anymore as he fainted.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout keeping watch, also the one responsible for the powerful gust of wind, alerted Inala immediately after.

Landing beside Gudora, Inala didn't waste any time and used the Empyrean Extraction Prime kill on the latter. He harvested Gudora's skull and used the Mind Slip Prime Skill on it, understanding as much information about the Capital City of the Ganrimb Kingdom as possible.

There were some surprising secrets in Gudora's possession. As Inala didn't have time to process them, he placed them lower in his list of priorities and first understood everything about Fhoong Brimgan.

Next in his target was Fhoong Brimgan, especially the Gold Kinesis Art cultivated by the Brimgan Empire Royalty. Through Sumatra Chronicles, Inala knew how powerful this cultivation technique was. It had once created an expert on par with a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

Hence, he wanted its secrets.

He also wanted exclusive information about the Brimgan Empire that wasn't mentioned in Sumatra Chronicles, stuff only its Royalty knew about. That would help his subsequent plans.

Lusting after the skulls of both Fhoong Brimgan and the Millingers, Inala made his way to Ganrimb Kingdom's Capital City, unsurprised upon reaching there to see that it was still standing tall.

All the other cities of the kingdom were no more, in complete ruins. They weren't wiped clean like Ellora City but were still in a state closer to it, filled to the brim with corpses that had been segregated carefully based on the male Centinger that had killed them.

And now, as it was already the last month of the mating season, all the Centingers, both male and female had reached the Capital City. While the females watched from afar, the males joined the battle.

There were still two male Millingers that were alive. Upon seeing that, Inala began digging an underground tunnel to the Capital City from far away, reaching it after two days had spanned. He caused a miniature Empyrean Zinger Scout to burrow out on the battlefield and observe the state of things.

Inala was deep underground and maintained contact with it through psychokinesis. After knowing the position of the most injured male Millinger among the two, he dug his way towards it, remaining at a depth of fifty metres.

It was a very safe distance, thanks to the thick layer of ground between them. He then started to create a trap similar to the one he sprung on the Boar King, scouting using the Empyrean Zinger Scout while he waited for the perfect opportunity to strike.

Four golden chakrams revolved in the sky, having not dropped a single number from the start. Fhoong Brimgan was still at the 6-Life Stage and was steadily killing his opponents.

Moreover, after he had killed two Millingers, he had enough leeway to kill some Centingers too, making life easier for the soldiers in the Capital City. Unlike the other cities, casualties here barely reached four thousand.

Upon seeing more Centingers arrive, he snorted mentally, 'It seems the last of the cities fell. It's indeed frustrating. But as long as I'm here and the capital city stands tall, I can rebuild the Kingdom within three generations. It's not an issue.'

He calmly swapped an exhausted body with one that finished making a full recovery, continuing the battle at a pace advantageous to him, knowing very well that as long as he defended against the attackers for a few more days, he'd win.

The attackers would retreat once the mating season ends. And there were less than twenty days for that.



Chapter 213 A Pitfall!

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

While the Empyrean Zinger Scout in miniature form observed it from the ground, the Millinger moved a bit in its direction, causing the Inhibition Dome to cover it. Immediately in response, the connection it had with Inala—the psychokinesis energy tentacle of Prana—was cut off.

This was the problem that made it almost impossible to kill a Millinger. It was also why even Fhoong Brimgan, with all the power he possessed, took so long to kill just two of them.

The moment his Spirit Weapon entered the range of the Inhibition Dome, it lost all contact with him. Following that, it fell to the ground like a lump piece of material. Hence, all attacks had to be unleashed from afar, which weren't as powerful as a direct hit from his chakrams.

Two golden chakrams joined together as they rushed towards a Millinger. The two chakrams didn't become one but rather held a centimetre distance between each other. Prana circulated between the two, causing sparks as due to the high rotation speeds, the kinetic energy of the air increased.

Soon, it caused an ionisation effect, resulting in the generation of sparks. Right after that, the two chakrams vibrated, moving close to each other for a moment before going farther away, the distance between the two points spanning less than a millimetre.

The convergence and divergence of the two chakrams in high frequencies resulted in shockwaves of air being generated between the two. Prana travelled between the two, accompanying both the electric sparks and ionised packets of air being launched as shockwaves, influencing them due to the rotation of the chakrams.

A terrifying power was built between the two before suddenly, the two golden chakrams stopped abruptly and joined together into one, making the gap between each other zero. As a result, the shock being developed between them travelled tangentially, ejected out in the shape of a crescent moon.

Lightning brimmed through the ionised air that volatilised itself into flames, travelling at sonic speeds to enter the Inhibition Dome and slam into the Millinger without any power reduction. After all, this attack was physical and chemical in nature.

By the time it approached the Inhibition Dome, there was no Prana in it. Hence, the Inhibition Dome was useless against it. The attack was a plasma blade with a powerful cutting force, capable of killing most Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in one hit.

"Kroook!" The Millinger shrieked in pain. There was a minor gash on its carapace, adding one to the thousands on it already. The problem with this ability was that Fhoong Brimgan could unleash it every five seconds. And if he were to reduce its cutting power, he could even launch dozens every second.

The Millinger unleashed an artillery strike, condensing the thousands of spikes into a long river and aimed at the Capital City.

A golden chakram appeared before it and spun at rhythmic frequencies, varying the frequencies every thousandth of a second. The Prana coating it increased friction with the air, controlling its movements accordingly.

It caused ripples with every frequency fluctuation. And a thousand fluctuations were performed in a practiced rhythm that unleashed a vapour cone vertically forward, launched in the direction of the incoming river of spikes.

The vapour cone only extended forward for a few metres before losing strength. But a vapour cone was unleashed every second, creating a continuous barrage.

And when the vapour cone collided with the river of spikes, the latter was shredded, resulting in a rain of the material forming the spikes. As a result, the ground before the Capital City became a melting puddle.

The chakram spun until the artillery strike ended.

Two chakrams were occupied with stopping the artillery strikes of the two Millingers. The remaining two chakrams were unleashing the plasma blades on the Millinger that suffered the most serious of injuries.

As long as this was dealt with, killing the last Millinger would be easy. Moreover, the Millingers were within Fhoong Brimgan's range.

As a result, he didn't even need to use two chakrams to carry four bodies of himself out of the city. Currently, he could use all six chakrams while his six bodies remained in the city.

He simply stacked the excess two bodies upon whichever body required the power boost. This way, he could control his strength perfectly and ensure he maintained tip-top fighting conditions.

"Kireeek!" The Millinger constantly being targeted by Fhoong Brimgan retracted its Inhibition Dome, for it was a wasted expenditure of Prana. It simply kept it ready in case the golden chakram came in for the kill.

By focusing its power on its Primary Nature, its artillery strikes became stronger. Of course, when it retracted its Inhibition Dome, Fhoong Brimgan could relax and allow other cultivators to launch attacks at it.

These attacks barely scratched it, but they did a great job of irritating it.

In the meantime, he allowed two of his bodies to fall asleep. Eating and sleeping in rotation was the key to his continued dominance in the fight. This was how a high-level cultivator at the Life Stage truly fought.

'I have one second to make this work.' Inala thought once he regained contact with the Empyrean Zinger Scout. It happened immediately after the Millinger retracted its Inhibition Dome to conserve Prana.

He waited patiently until the Millinger was right above his trap, making a countdown as the Millinger prepared for an artillery strike. And soon, he had his chance.

Right as the most injured Millinger unleashed an artillery strike, it was in a momentary state of weakness, as in the case with all Centingers too. At that exact moment, Inala and almost all the Empyrean Zingers available with him used their psychokinesis to launch a miniature Prana Bomb towards the Millinger and slipped it into the shell covering its body.

Immediately in response, Inala unleashed a fierce gust of wind and sped away on the trolley he had created, blazing through the narrow tunnel—that he dug in advance—at terrifying speeds. Right as the distance between him and the miniature Prana crossed one hundred eighty metres, the connection was cut off.

He, along with the rest of his Empyrean Zingers had used all their Prana to make the miniature Prana Bomb as light as possible. Despite that, it was still so heavy that they had to combine their psychokinesis powers after activating the Puppetry Skill to stack four psychokinesis layers atop each other.

What was stored within the miniature Prana Bomb were grain-sized chunks of soil.

Inala created a large Prana Bomb, used Internal Inertial Gravity to bend the space within and stuffed it to the brim with soil. By causing a singularity within, the large Prana Bomb shrunk into the size of a grain, possessing the entirety of the mass contained within its large space before.

He had created thousands of such grains and stuffed them all in a miniature Prana Bomb until it was filled to the brim. And now, that miniature Prana Bomb was slid into the tough shell covering the Millinger's main body.

And the moment Inala and group were out of range, the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity subsided, causing the miniature Prana Bomb to unleash its true weight.

Boom!

The ground underneath the Millinger caved in as it fell through a deep pit that Inala had dug, having precisely used the soil there to create the compressed grains.

This was how the humans of ancient times killed titan-sized animals. A simple, but effective trap. The deeper it was, the more dangerous it became.

A pitfall!



Chapter 214 Sneak Attack Fails

The Millinger was stunned when the ground underneath it caved in. Moreover, its main body felt intense muscular strain when the shell covering it began to pull it down. Its sudden gain in weight prevented it from gaining balance as it fell.

But unlike a Centinger whose intelligence was on par with a human, a Millinger was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, possessing a level of intelligence vastly superior to humans.

By the time its body fell by a dozen metres into the pit, it had finished analysing everything. By emitting Prana through its surroundings, it noticed some details of oddity.

First was the miniature Prana Bomb hidden within its shell. Judging based on the levels of strain present in its shell, the cause of the insane weight was this Prana Bomb.

Second, thin lines coursed all over the walls of the pit. A mysterious substance seemed to be flowing through it. And the moment its Prana came into contact with the latter, it was absorbed.

The pit reached a depth of four hundred metres. Originally, a fall for four hundred metres wouldn't kill a Millinger. But with the miniature Prana Bomb raising its body density by many levels, it was accelerating at a terrifying rate.

An impact in such a situation would cause its organs to become crushed. Moreover, touching the walls was dangerous. There also seemed other traps along the varying depths of the pit, all the way to its bottom.

It had been meticulously planned by someone who wanted to kill it. The culprit was currently fleeing through a tunnel while seated on a mysterious instrument with wheels, accelerating by ejecting a powerful thrust of air.

It only took a second since the floor underneath it caved. As the Millinger fell, it seeped its Prana through the tunnel through which Inala was fleeing and focused its aura on him, for a moment spiking it.

Suddenly, the trolley of bone that he was seated inside shattered from the sheer pressure it unleashed, causing his figure to slam into the ground violently due to the momentum and make a long trail on the tunnel floor.

That was all the Millinger could do in that short window as it fell past the tunnel. It wasn't flustered in the slightest as that wasn't in a Centinger's nature, not to mention a Millinger.

Rather, it appreciated his sneak attack, for he posed a great challenge to test its abilities. Three seconds passed as the Millinger finished its preparations.

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

A sphere of energy blasted out of the Millinger and expanded to a massive range, spanning hundreds of metres. The circuits on walls of the pit walls lost their function as they were deactivated.

These circuits were created using Prana Bombs, which was a Primary Nature, an ability activated using Prana. Hence, their function was inhibited to the limit, losing their power to absorb Prana.

The Millinger didn't do anything for another two seconds, calmly gathering Prana into its centipede upper body and before soon, it unleashed an unceasing torrent of projectiles.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Centingers originally stopped the artillery strike once all the spikes on its centipede upper body were shot out. They would then regenerate the projectiles using a mixture of both Prana and body fat. The regeneration rate for Millingers was quicker.

But currently, the Millinger pushed itself to the brink and forcefully regenerated the spikes repeatedly, sustaining major internal injuries in response. Its artillery strike struck everywhere, targeting the soil surroundings.

It was unleashed with the prime intention of melting the soil, hence it was the most effective against it, resulting in the ground melting into a sludgy pool.

A portion of the artilleries curved through the pit and surged into the tunnel, approaching Inala.

"Bleh!" Inala used his loaded Sumatra Zingers to unleash powerful thrusts of air to be sent deeper into the tunnel. He vomited out soil while reeling away, using the soil to slow down the artillery strike approaching him.

As his bone trolley had been destroyed, his speed of fleeing had become slower. Moreover, he sustained numerous scrape wounds as his body slammed into the tunnel walls all over the place while fleeing away.

The soil he continued to vomit out filled the tunnel and intercepted the artilleries. But as the latter was created to target the soil, they blazed through this obstruction without difficulty.

Moreover, Inala could feel the tunnel walls turn soft as the power of the Bone-Melting Artillery continued to spread everywhere.

While the Millinger fell through the pit, it used a portion of its artillery strike to shatter its shell and sent the miniature Prana Bomb flying away, exercising care to not destroy it, for it judged the latter to be dangerous.

Due to its density, the miniature Prana Bomb accelerated once it was ejected out of the Millinger's body. A bunch of artillery without any corrosive power slammed into it and accelerated it further, using it as a weapon.

The miniature Prana Bomb collided into the bottom of the pit and caused a tremor, rupturing the soil segment in its vicinity. Using the opportunity, the Millinger spread the corrosive power in its Primary Nature riding through the generated shockwaves.

As a result, the entire region's ground melted, turning sludgy.

All it generated was a soft plop as the Millinger slammed at the bottom of the pit and sank deeper through the soft sludge. It sunk for thirty to forty metres until all the momentum behind its fall was absorbed by the soft sludge.

Its damage was kept to a minimum. Moreover, the Millinger swam through the sludge and approached an underground river to destroy its walls.

Centingers and Millingers were experts in controlling water. It was how they drained the Angan River every single time before their mating season started. Hence, it knew where the closest underground river was.

Once the walls were shattered, the sheer pressure caused the water within the underground river to burst through the sludge ground, permeating through the entire region turned soft by the Millinger's ability.

Within a minute, the entire region turned into a swamp. Through it, the Millinger swam towards Inala, intending to kill this target that managed to pique its hunting desire.

'It failed, huh?' Inala relied upon the surging Lifeforce from his biome to heal the injuries he had sustained. As he continued to generate thrusts using Sumatra Zingers, his injuries continued to increase.

The tunnel was gradually closing up as a result of the Millinger's attack. He had never expected it to be capable of transmitting its Primary Nature through a shockwave generated by the miniature Prana Bomb's impact at the bottom of the pit.

He had been extremely careful from the start. And even though he didn't expect to finish off a Gold Grade Pranic Beast in a single attack, he never expected the trap he had sprung to be reversed back on himself.

"Indeed, a Gold Grade Pranic Beast is on a whole other level…urgh!" He grunted and focused on fleeing.



Chapter 215 Dangerous Natures

The previous time he laid this trap on the Boar King, there were a few reasons for success. First was because Inala was equipped with a lot of knowledge about the Boar King, especially his character.

As the endgame villain of Sumatra Chronicles, there were a lot of details about the Boar King in it. Second, the Boar King wasn't in a state of battle. Hence, he wasn't using any detection means to perceive his surroundings.

Moreover, he had the arrogance as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Even an Empyrean Tusk's full-powered attack wasn't capable of killing him. Therefore, he did not need to exercise vigilance. Thanks to it, Inala's trap worked.

But the case with the Millinger was different. The Millinger had been battling for more than two months already. So, all its senses were honed to the extreme and were sharp. As a result, its reaction time was instantaneous.

Moreover, it had sustained countless injuries because of Fhoong Brimgan, an enemy stronger than it. Therefore, it was completely alert.

Originally, Inala only planned to trap it at the bottom of the pit. The walls of the pit were brittle. If the Millinger were to use its centipede upper body to dig into the walls to break its fall, the wall would collapse.

Large amounts of soil would fall on the Centinger as a result, burying it at the bottom.

Moreover, the Prana Bomb lines covering the pit walls worked on absorbing its Prana upon contact. This was the trap that was displayed externally. But in truth, it was created to counter the Millinger's Inhibition Dome.

Inala had increased the weight of the Prana Bomb lines while reducing their structural integrity, maintained solely through Internal Inertial Gravity. There existed vents for the effects of the Inhibition Dome to easily seep into these lines.

Therefore, once Inhibition Dome targets these lines, the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity would vanish, causing the lines to collapse. And when they collapse, large blocks of the ground surrounding the pit would fall off, preventing the Millinger from perching itself on them.

No matter how the Millinger defended itself, there was a method installed to trap it at the bottom of the pit. Once it was trapped, Inala would work on burying it further and eventually suffocate it.

But what he hadn't expected the Millinger to do was injure itself to a large extent and go full throttle on offense to take advantage of Inala's traps to completely obliterate the region.

It was an honest oversight on his part. But this was also a show of the terrifying intelligence posed by Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. It was hard to take advantage of them.

Phew! Phew! Fuoosh!

Inala exited the tunnel from a spot thirty kilometres away from the Ganrimb Kingdom Capital City and rushed through the wilderness, hearing faint whistling sounds as an artillery strike was launched his way.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

His figure flickered through the region and dodged the spikes headed his way. Four Empyrean Zinger Scouts positioned themselves on his body and kept watch of the artillery strike.

Thankfully due to the distance, they could spot the spikes approaching from far away, giving Inala more than enough time to position his footing and dodge them.

The Millinger had sustained a lot of injuries in that confrontation. So, it wasn't able to chase after him with its heavy body. That was why it could only unleash a single artillery strike in his direction.

Inala ran nonstop for the next thirty minutes and arrived at a stop before a marshland. This marshland was located downstream of the Angan River, covering the region at its end.

Half the border of the marshland was the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

As this was right next to the Sandy-Grey Void, Inala stopped, feeling that he had run enough. The moment he senses any Centingers chasing after him, he would enter the Sandy-Grey Void to avoid their pursuit.

"Haah…man, that was terrifying." He spoke and slumped on the ground, feeling like jelly. Lifeforce coursed throughout his body in large volumes, but despite that, his bones had turned soft.

Large gashes covered his body and through most of them oozed out a pungent liquid. There were traces of rot in plenty of locations, due to the effect of the Bone-Melting Artillery's power seeping into him.

Had his preparations been even a tad less, he would have turned into a puddle of bone within that tunnel.

As someone who had only been at the Body Stage for three years, that wasn't the level of battle he could participate in. But despite that, he did, just to satisfy his greed. And now, he received a reality check.

This slap woke him up, allowing him to extrapolate on the changes happening to him. "Hmm…"

He stared at his trembling hands, feeling sober from the near-death experience. Only now did he feel the intense urge plaguing him. The source?

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System!

When Gudora and Hanya targeted him in Ellora City, Inala turned his stomach into a biome to store the excess Empyrean Zingers and the vast amount of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs he had collected over the past three years.

That was where problems started. He had been oblivious to them.

Maintaining a biome wasn't easy. A biome wasn't simply a large space within the body but was a region capable of sustaining life.

It was possible to create one through Internal Inertial Gravity. Originally, whenever Inala created a biome, he felt large amounts of physical strain, as it was resource-intensive to upkeep one.

As a result, he only maintained one temporarily. But due to the situation with Gudora, he had to maintain it throughout the week he was tortured.

Somewhere along the line, the pain he felt subsided and vanished eventually. Or rather, he just stopped feeling it due to the torture he was subjected to under Battalda. And even after he escaped from the prison, the pain he felt due to the biome never returned.

Inala assumed that was because he had acclimated. But that wasn't the truth. He was a human, with intelligence on par with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. The mental exertion required to maintain a biome was only capable of being endured by an Empyrean Tusk—an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Technically, he should have destroyed the biome and returned to having a normal stomach right after escaping from the prison. But he didn't.

Inala's Tertiary Nature influenced him otherwise.

Spatial Immune System was derived from the nature of Mammoth Clansmen living in an Empyrean Tusk's body. An Empyrean Tusk maintained dozens of biomes in its body without an ounce of strain.

Therefore, for a Nature derived from that, it was only natural for the case to apply here too. But unfortunately for Inala, he wasn't an Empyrean Tusk. He was simply a human wielding the power of a Deity without the physical and mental capabilities of one.

And since Empyrean Zingers were living in the biome of his stomach, his Tertiary Nature was being maintained as a passive, for seventy-seven freaking days, without rest.

"Argh! Gahhhh! Raakhhhhh!" The moment realisation hit him, his Tertiary Nature got deactivated, allowing him to be hit with the pain—that had accumulated in his stomach—in an instant.

Boom!

His stomach exploded as a large volume of materials gushed out as a torrent.



Chapter 216 Influence!!!

A Nature was a condensation of power—that could be unleashed through Prana—derived from a living being's most natural of states. This stayed true for all Pranic Beasts.

Therefore, their Primary Nature was a direct representation of their state, perfectly attuned to their mental, physical, and spiritual needs, wants, and capabilities.

As a result, the Primary Nature of every single Pranic Beast part of a race is the same. This was the natural state present in Sumatra Continent. The sole exception were humans who went against the natural order of things.

The Human Race was the sole race with the freedom to obtain any Primary Nature as they pleased, which was a result of the mineral—of their choice—they built their Human Avatars with.

This was a result of the strong will expressed by humans, one unwilling to remain within a collective. In other words, it could also be stated that humans were a disorderly lot having no unity amongst themselves even from a racial standpoint.

When a human obtains a Nature after entering the Body Stage, they'll gradually be influenced by their Primary Nature. Originally, this influence would be minimal at best.

But as they cultivate and grow stronger, allowing more Prana to be present in their bodies, the influence would increase.

Prana was an energy created by the fusion of the three energies of body, mind, and soul. A Nature was the condensation of an entity's natural state that could be expressed through Prana.

Therefore, the greater the quantity of Prana within the body, the stronger the Nature would express itself. This was perfect for a Pranic Beast since such an action would only serve to reinforce itself. After all, its Primary Nature was a condensation of its natural state.

But for a human, this wasn't the case. They were forcefully building a Nature within themselves. Therefore, the Nature was an external influence on their natural state.

However, a Nature ought to be an entity's natural state. Therefore, it would begin influencing the human in order for the Nature to become said human's natural state.

This could be inferred from how Gudora's actions were clear-cut, stable, and solid. Whereas, Hanya had murkiness throughout her actions, always operating with such thoughts. It was due to her manipulation, stemming from her murky thoughts that a conflict was generated between Gudora and Inala.

Therefore, it was evident how a Nature influenced the respective human. Generally, humans only obtained a single Nature. Therefore, the degree of influence was singular.

And only when they activate their Human Avatar would this influence be at its strongest. During the remainder of time, it wouldn't actively affect their thoughts and actions. Moreover, the potency of influence was entirely dependent on the material's Grade.

In terms of intelligence, humans were Silver Grade. Therefore, they were mentally equipped to deal with the influence of a Silver Grade mineral. It was why the majority of the people of power fused with Silver Grade minerals, not because they couldn't discover a Gold Grade mineral, but because they were unable to handle it.

A Gold Grade mineral's influence on the human would be too much, as a result dominating the latter's character, thoughts, and actions. The Brimgan Empire Royalty was one such example.

But they were an Empire's Royalty. Hence, the material they selected after ages of trial and error was the Rutham, a Gold Grade mineral whose influence fell in line with their royal responsibilities.

As a result, even as the Brimgan Empire Royalty gets influenced by the Rutham, their actions would be perfectly in line with the Empire's interests. It had been selected strategically. And in the end, they only had a Primary Nature, so the degree of influence was singular.

The case wasn't the same for Inala though. He had three Natures, two of which were Gold Grade Natures. Therefore, he was influenced in three directions.

But he was a Mammoth Clansman born with the Fragment Disease. Genetically, he was the closest to an Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, Internal Inertial Gravity and Spatial Immune System weren't completely foreign to his natural state of being.

That was only until he lived on an Empyrean Tusk. A Mammoth Clansman's natural state of being was to live on an Empyrean Tusk.

But what was Inala doing the past three years? He lived on the surface, unlike a Mammoth Clansman. Problems cropped up plenty of times as a result.

Asaeya had become prone to emotional outbursts and constantly had to fend off depression. She hadn't been entirely sane, feeling withdrawal symptoms from being away from her Deity.

Only thanks to Inala's life on Earth did he possess the mental strength to resist such things. And he always kept his three Natures deactivated, using them only when necessary.

Moreover, he was only at the initial phase of the Body Stage, barely building a tiny portion of his body. As a result, the influence on him was still minimal.

But things changed once he maintained the biome in his stomach for extended durations.

First of all, the biome was a product of Internal Inertial Gravity. Therefore, for seventy-seven days, he had kept his Secondary Nature active. The fact that he killed many people during this duration, treated them as mere tools for his objective, and remained largely apathetic towards the struggling people of Ellora City spoke volumes about how much he was influenced.

This wasn't how he originally would have behaved. It could even be said that Inala had a hero complex, having often exhibited such tendencies. It was a sharp contrast from his recent actions.

Maintaining the biome was a strenuous activity, requiring large amounts of Prana. Hence, the Empyrean Zingers staying in his biome constantly shattered Prana Bombs—full of Prana—to replenish his Prana.

This meant that the quantity of Prana being generated and consumed in his body was a multitude of times greater than his current Prana levels. And due to the relationship between Prana and Natures, the influence on Inala was exceedingly high.

His Secondary Nature was influencing him. And as Empyrean Zingers remained in his biome, that meant his Tertiary Nature was active all along.

The moment an Empyrean Zinger made contact with Inala, his Tertiary Nature would be activated. Only then would his immune system come into effect. And since a bunch of them remained in his stomach, it meant his Tertiary Nature was constantly in function.

Moreover, as their numbers increased, the influence they had on Inala surpassed his Secondary Nature, turning him calculative.

Through the Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill, Inala could obtain data on the target entities. This knowledge pool would spike the development of his immune system. The better informed the Empyrean Zingers were, the stronger they became, armed with the wealth of knowledge.

Secondly, to create a Ravaged Tribe, Inala would use the Empyrean Zinger King, for only through its Prana was it possible to influence the Spirit Containers of Free Humans.

Once the Ravaged Tribe develops, it will influence the Empyrean Zinger King. As it was part of Inala's Primary and Tertiary Natures, Inala would benefit as the two Natures would grow stronger. The end result would be an evolution of the Empyrean Zingers.

As a result, Inala was completely influenced by his Natures, with the Tertiary Nature's influence being the strongest, forcing him to obtain everything necessary for the completion of his Ravaged Tribe. It was powerful enough to overwrite his original objective, which was reuniting with baby Gannala as soon as possible.

That was the cause behind his recent choice of actions, statements, and method usage.



Chapter 217 Lurt Breaks Free

A torrent of materials gushed out of his stomach upon its explosion. The organ was ruptured, resulting in terrifying pain.

Inala went insane as his body spasmed, frothing at the mouth. His eyes rolled to the back while his organs began to fail one after another, a side effect of his biome's explosion.

His Internal Inertial Gravity activated through the rest of his body, reinforcing it to the extreme, the only reason his body didn't entirely explode. But the power behind the explosion was powerful enough that Internal Inertial Gravity expended most of his Prana and barely managed to protect his body.

The Empyrean Zingers staying in his biome sustained some damage upon being hurled out in force. But before they even touched the ground, they hurriedly unfurled their wings and returned to Inala.

Dropping on his forehead, they shrieked in worry, for Inala's condition was deteriorating rapidly. His Lifeforce was leaking out through the injury on his stomach region, as both were intrinsically tied together.

Inala was rapidly aging!

It was just a matter of time before he dies from old age. As he had fallen unconscious from the pain, Inala couldn't make a recovery on his own. Hence, the Empyrean Zingers were worried.

They hurriedly grabbed all the Life Bombs and poured the liquid on his stomach, causing the Lifeforce to influence the body to make a recovery.

But this was akin to pouring water in a leaking pot. The majority of the Lifeforce simply leaked out and only a minor amount was consumed by his body.

As his stomach got obliterated, the Mystic Bone Art couldn't take effect, since the most pivotal organ for its function was the stomach. Thereby, the only remaining option was for the various cells in Inala's body to passively absorb Lifeforce and mend the damaged region.

Simply using the Life Bombs would only needlessly waste them. As even Prana had healing capabilities, the Empyrean Zingers created a large tub out of a Prana Bomb and filled it to the brim with the fluids of Prana Bombs—that were filled with Prana.

This was unrefined Prana and wouldn't assist in Inala's recovery. But that didn't matter as the leaking Lifeforce was trapped within this Prana-filled fluid. Moreover, as long as Inala's stomach could recover a bit and Inala regains consciousness, he could fire up his Mystic Bone Art and actively refine Prana to heal.

[Wake up!]

[Inala!]

[Don't die!]

The miniature Empyrean Zingers danced over his body, shouting in their language, trying everything to wake him up.

Moreover, the moment they made contact with his body, his Tertiary Nature would be activated. It meant that Inala would be able to access their memories and become aware of his body's state.

As long as his subconscious memory takes notice, his body will take action eventually. It was the correct method for the situation. An entire four days later, Inala barely regained consciousness for a few seconds.

At that time, he grabbed a Life Bomb and transformed it into a Life Hand before losing consciousness. Thanks to his actions, he made a path for survival.

Without any hesitation, the Empyrean Zingers landed on the Life Hand and trembled in pain as their Lifeforce was absorbed by the Life Hand and funnelled into Inala. As this was transmitted through their psychokinesis connection, the Lifeforce was channelled right into his Spirit Container, fully refined for his body's consumption.

It was then ejected into the heart and pumped across his body through blood. As the blood flowed into the wounded regions, the Lifeforce naturally healed them.

[Farewell, Inala!]

The last of the Empyrean Zingers shrieked as it collapsed, having become a withered husk of its former self after being drained of all its Lifeforce. It was only natural for them to sacrifice themselves for the wellbeing of their Deity.

What the Empyrean Tusk was to the Mammoth Clansmen was Inala to the Empyrean Zingers, their Deity.

Slowly, Inala's eyes opened as he gazed at the sky vacantly, feeling like absolute shit, "Fuck!"

Everything the Empyrean Zingers felt moments before their death, from their thoughts to their emotions were all transmitted to him through his Tertiary Nature. Their final moments had now become part of him.

When an entity part of the immune system dies, its existence fuses into its Deity. This was the weight borne by the Deity. All Empyrean Tusks endured this, silently storing the final moments of their Mammoth Clansmen in memory.

In his influenced state, Inala was unable to detect this data being steadily inscribed into him. Now that he had returned to normalcy, he could sense it. The data was inscribed in his bones, similar to a Bone Slip.

As the volume of information was high, he forgot them all in a matter of seconds. But that was only for the time being. Once his Mystic Bone Art's third level, accessed by Life Stage cultivators, gets unlocked, he'll obtain the ability to never forget anything.

On that day, everything that he had forgotten or his memory had blurred out thanks to age would return with perfect clarity. He wouldn't be able to forget a single moment of his life. And that also included the data containing the final moments of his immune system.

This power was both a boon and a curse. Unless he becomes similar to an Empyrean Tusk and gains the mind to endure them, he'll cave in sooner or later. 'This is why the previous Gannala desperately wanted us all to find a Cure!'

'Only an Empyrean Tusk can perform the activities of an Empyrean Tusk.' He came to a realisation. Being a Deity wasn't just about wielding power but also came with its share of burdens.

Inala weakly turned his head to the side and stared at his Life Hand, observing the pile of miniature Empyrean Zinger corpses on it. His stomach had made a complete recovery, but his body hadn't.

Currently, he resembled a seventy-year-old man, feeling weak all over. It would take him some time to recover to his prime. He would have to do this without his immune system.

After all, it was wise to not use his Tertiary Nature for the time being. Its influence on him was the strongest. If he were to activate it blindly, he would get caught up in a mess just like before.

"Kekeke!" Suddenly, there was laughter from the other side of the pile ejected from his biome. A man gradually got up, having made a complete recovery as he touched his limbs, "How many decades has it been since I last had my limbs?"

"You…" Inala was surprised to see the grinning Lurt. As there was no Empyrean Zinger to keep watch over him, Lurt steadily recovered his Prana using the excess pile of Prana Bombs.

Many Prana Bombs had cracked during the biome explosion, so it was easy for him to access the Prana-filled fluid inside. It took him a while to digest the contents and recover Prana. And after four days, he finished regenerating his limbs.

Hearing Inala's voice, Lurt flinched in fear. But a moment later, he grinned, "I see…"

"You don't have enough Prana to control me as a Spirit Weapon anymore."



Chapter 218 Slow and Steady

Lurt's bones had been transformed into Inala's Spirit Weapon through the Prana Domination Skill. This was how the Empyrean Zingers controlled him and kept him captive in the biome.

But Prana was necessary to control Lurt. Currently, Inala had no Prana to control the latter.

"Once I kill you, I'll be free!" Lurt grinned and activated his Human Avatar, releasing a toxic mist with hallucinogenic properties. He created a toxic cloud and fanned it towards Inala, excited, "Die!"

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Inala stared at a Prana Bomb close to Lurt's feet. With a thought from him, it transformed into a Prana Hand and latched onto Lurt's leg, causing him to shriek in response.

Inala was immersed in a bath filled with the fluid of Prana Bombs. There was also a dense mixture of Lifeforce mixed into it. Therefore, recovering enough to control a Prana Hand was easy.

As the toxic cloud approached him, Inala exhaled with force and dispersed it. As Prana continued to funnel into his Spirit Container from Lurt, Inala was able to recover faster, transforming three more Prana Bombs into Prana Hands to latch onto the target.

"Wait! I give up! I was just joking!" Lurt shrieked in fluster, "If I wanted to actually kill you, I would have done so already. There were plenty of opportunities in the past four days."

'The last Empyrean Zinger died just now. It could easily control him.' Inala thought, 'So, he simply didn't have an opportunity to deal with me before.'

"Sure, I believe you." Inala smiled but didn't retract his Prana Hands until Lurt was drained of all Prana. Seeing the latter sprawled on the floor, exhausted, Inala activated his Mystic Bone Art to regulate his body's condition better.

He then got out of the tub and put a Life Hand inside, watching it absorb all the Lifeforce trapped in the fluid. After four days, not much remained, but it still allowed Inala to recover a decade's worth of Lifespan.

Now, he was able to move around a bit better. He was still far from making a full recovery, but he was already on the right track. He could observe a couple of Slump Lizards moving far away.

He stared at the pile of material on the ground, 'I'll deal with it later.'

Using Mystic Bone Art, Inala refined a bunch of Prana Bombs into a coffin for Lurt, trapping the latter within. Only his face was left open, for him to breathe. His body was completely wedged into the coffin.

It was impossible for Lurt to break free with his strength. And since the coffin was made from Prana Bomb, even if Lurt uses any secret techniques to generate Prana, the coffin would absorb it all, preventing him from escaping.

"Stay here obediently." Inala left behind the words and walked in the direction of the closest group of Slump Lizards.

He was aching all over. There were still plenty of injuries in his body. The power of Bone-Melting Artillery hadn't been fully eradicated from him yet. It would be hard for him to strengthen his body using his Secondary Nature, for his bones were still soft.

Inala stopped behind a tree and inhaled laboured breaths, feeling strained just by the walking activity. He peered out and kept watch on the closest Slump Lizard, 'It's barely within my Spirit Weapon range.'

His Prana Hand landed on the ground and walked using its fingers, slowly marching forth while hidden amidst the grass.

It was slow, ensuring to not create any sounds. Slump Lizards were nocturnal creatures. As it was daytime, they were asleep. Of course, their sleeping environment was the Angan River.

But as it had been drained out, they wandered through the region and dug potholes to hole up within. As long as they dig deep enough, the soil will turn wet due to the groundwater. The damp environment was enough for them to sleep.

The hole would also block out the sun, with the shade giving them a passable sleeping environment. But as the sun moved from one end to the other, the angle of shadow cast within the hole varied.

In some cases, the sunlight shone directly into the holes, causing the sleeping Slump Lizards to move out to a shadier region and dig another hole.

The ones he spotted were in the midst of relocating their sleeping spots. Arriving before a pothole, the Prana Hand peered forward, stealthy in its actions. Its density gradually increased as Inala funnelled Prana into it after activating his Secondary Nature.

Like a frog, the Prana Hand leaped into the hole and latched onto the Slump Lizard's face, accurately grabbing its mouth to prevent it from letting out any cries.

The Slump Lizard struggled to break free, but the Prana Hand was too heavy. And in its sleeping pose, it couldn't exert its full strength, helpless as its Prana was absorbed.

A few seconds later, a Life Hand leaped onto its body, grabbing it by the neck to squeeze with force. The Slump Lizard spasmed and shrivelled up.

While this was happening, two more Prana Hands walked past the pothole and approached their neighbours. Without a knock, the Prana Hands barged into the homes of the Slump Lizards and subdued them.

After all their Prana was absorbed, rendering them weak, the Life Hand would target them.

A steady stream of Prana and Lifeforce surged into him as Inala activated his cultivation technique in full swing, recuperating from his injuries. He was slow in his hunt, pausing to recover after absorbing Prana and Lifeforce from a Slump Lizard.

He took his sweet time, left with no other choice. Only after an entire day had passed did he make a complete recovery, brimming with Prana at full capacity. His age recovered to seventeen years. All his injuries had been healed.

He then accumulated a few Life Bombs and fed them to the Sumatra Zingers. There were eight of them that were currently left intact. After being fed a Life Bomb each, the Sumatra Zingers recovered, becoming ready to be used.

Inala slung them to his hips. He also created hooks to the end of his Prana Hands and Life Hands, making it easier to hook them to the belt on his hip.

Once he returned to the pile of items ejected from his biome, Inala loaded the Prana Bombs on a large trolley and also threw the coffin with Lurt into it. He then carefully placed the skulls at the top and pushed the trolley forward, using his Secondary Nature to strengthen him enough to move it.

He fought against the Slump Lizards along the way and slowly increased his reserve of Life Bombs, for they were the most important for his recovery means. He stored them in their miniature forms, making more space in his trolley.

By afternoon the next day, he arrived at the hill situated on the outskirts of Ellora City. Entering the tunnel, he let out a shriek. An hour later, a train arrived. He loaded everything onto the train and grabbed the Two Storey Storage Lantern sent by the Empyrean Zinger King.

Inala had long since created the Skill that Blola had used to access and gain control of a Storage Lantern. And now, all three of Gudora's Storage Lanterns came into his possession.

He stuffed all the small skulls into it. The train left, carrying the skulls of the Rockatrice and the two Centingers.

Inala exited the station and made his way to Ellora City, stopping at the location where the City Lord estate existed once. Approaching a certain location, he took out four Spirit Weapons in the shape of drills and began to carve out the entrance leading into the Parute Tree farm.



Chapter 219 Collecting Storage Lanterns

Four hours of nonstop drilling later, Inala reached the entrance that led to the Parute Tree farm. After it had been opened by Gudora's youngest son, it wasn't locked.

After chucking his corpse out, the Empyrean Zinger King casually closed the door after adding a layer of bone to the underside of the door.

"Heup!" Inala grunted and used his psychokinesis to control the layer of bone underneath the door, using it to lift open the door and reveal the passageway to the Parute Tree farm.

He descended the flight of stairs, covering his nose with the fabric of his sleeves due to the heat that had been trapped inside when the female Centingers razed Ellora City into the flat plains.

He arrived at the Parute Tree farm and observed the state of the forty Parute Trees, "Good, they aren't harmed."

He couldn't use the technique harnessed by Gudora's youngest son to harvest the Parute Fruits, since one needed a Human Avatar made out of Haddlyok for that. But that wasn't an issue, as he had the Mammoth Clan's technique for the same.

By activating Mystic Bone Art, Inala condensed a faint amount of Prana at his fingertips and gently nudged a Parute Tree with it. Immediately in response, all the ripe Parute Fruits fell off.

This ability was so simple that it couldn't even be considered a Skill. It was one of the first usages of Mystic Bone Art taught in their Academy of Refinement.

And unlike the techniques of the Ganrimb Royalty where only Body Stage cultivators with Haddlyok Human Avatars could harvest Parute Fruits, the Mammoth Clan's technique could be used by even Spirit Stage Mammoth Clansmen.

The harvesting speed and efficiency were many times superior too. This was all thanks to the Mammoth Clan's history and accumulation of knowledge that remained intact throughout generations.

Inala harvested as many Parute Fruits as he could and stuffed them in his Two Storey Storage Lantern. He then closed shut the entrance and left Ellora City, making a beeline to the next city.

"Ugh, it stinks!" He covered his nose and mouth with a cloth, coughing at the intense stench of the rotting corpses. He looked around, noticing segregated hills of corpses in different locations of the city.

Each hill was the game hunted by a Centinger.

Blood had turned murky black, mixed with fat and all sorts of substances, becoming no different from toxic grease. The floor was slippery, strewn about with body parts of people.

All the buildings were reduced to rubble.

Inala was slow in walking, unable to handle the horrors displayed around, "Blehh!"

Upon staring at the mashed face of a child embedded into a broken wall like a piece of carving, he was unable to endure anymore and hurled everything in his stomach.

"Damn, this is horrible." He fled the city and slumped along the foot of a tree, downing some water to clear his mouth. 'I thought I could endure it, but this is too much.'

Every City Lord ought to have a few Storage Lanterns. Inala's goal was to fish for treasures. Unfortunately for him though, the gores of war were beyond what he could endure, especially in his uninfluenced state.

Primary Nature—Life Bomb!

Inala threw a bunch of them on the nearby Slump Lizards, using their Prana to hatch a new batch of Empyrean Zingers.

After two hours, the number of Empyrean Zingers reached ten. If not for the Slump Lizards being too weak, he could have increased the number of Empyrean Zingers by a lot in these two hours. "Go, find the Storage Lanterns in the city."

Since he couldn't stomach the scenes of gore in the city, he instead delegated the tasks to the Empyrean Zingers. While they were searching, he patiently hatched more of them.

Six hours later, an Empyrean Zinger approached him, holding a One Storey Storage Lantern. It had already unlocked it using the owner's corpse.

"Good, continue," Inala said, careful to not touch the Empyrean Zinger to avoid causing his Tertiary Nature to be activated. The moment it happens, he would have access to all its memories.

As long as he subconsciously accesses them, he will puke once again.

The battle had been tough. Hence, the Storage Lantern was empty. Anything of worth within had already been consumed during the battle.

Inala communicated with the Empyrean Zingers through their shrieks, getting a better understanding of the city, 'This City was weaker than Ellora City. There are no survivors.'

Ellora City was different only due to his involvement. After all, once he created the Theatre, they had visitors from all over the Kingdom, causing the economy of the city to grow in response.

Many troupes that gained recognition in the Theatre were supported by Inala, allowing them to reach the Body Stage. Even though they only built Humana Avatars out of Kirenal, they were still Body Stage cultivators at the end of the day.

Due to the cheap costs involved in the creation of such Body Stage cultivators, many cultivators in Ellora City reached the Body Stage, collectively raising its overall strength reserve.

The influx of money assisted the city in various areas, raising its overall power. Hence, Ellora City managed to kill the 38 Centingers that had targeted it. Even though the number of survivors was only fourteen, they still managed to emerge victorious.

Of course, thanks to Inala's actions, over forty thousand people were rescued and transported in advance.

Since none of those variables existed in other cities, they were destroyed. Once the soldiers were killed, the Centingers carefully probed through the ground and ended up finding the shelters.

They brutally massacred everyone.

Moreover, the Royalty of this city hid some of their people within the Parute Tree farm which was the most secluded in the city. Unfortunately for them, even that was somehow discovered.

When the Centingers unleashed artillery strikes to level the city, a crack formed in the City Lord's estate, revealing a tiny gap to the Parute Tree farm. When a Centinger unleashed its Prana for detection purposes, it sensed the Parute Trees through the crack.

The kids of Royalty hiding there were casually slaughtered by using a few spikes of their artillery strikes, controlling them like Spirit Weapons. Once that was done, the Centingers harvested all Parute Fruits, consumed them to replenish their Prana and made their way to other cities.

Armed with this knowledge, they barged into the Parute Tree farms of other cities. It was unknown in which city was their existence first discovered. But in the end, the Parute Tree farms of all cities were intruded upon. Anyone hiding within was slaughtered while all the Parute Fruits were harvested for consumption.

Spending the next three days roaming through all the cities, Inala found one more Storage Lantern. Storage Lanterns were made from the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, despite being the toughest material of Sumatra Continent, it was still susceptible to a Centinger's Primary Nature.

Hence, most of the Storage Lanterns were destroyed. Inala obtained three Storage Lanterns from Ellora City. And after combing through the remaining cities, he got two more. Four of them were One Storey Storage Lanterns while the last was a Two Storey Storage Lantern.

They were better than nothing. With that thought in mind, Inala made his way to the Capital City. There were only ten days left for the mating season to end. Hence, the war must have approached its climax.

"I'll try again," He muttered and drilled an underground path to the Capital City, 'I'll be more careful this time.'



Chapter 220 It’s a Dead End

"Hold on a bit more!"

"This is the finale!"

"We'll be victorious once we survive through this!"

The soldiers on the wall roared in a battle frenzy as they unleashed attacks nonstop at the Centingers. Spikes from artillery strikes numbering in the thousands rammed into their defences.

The war between humans and Centingers reached its climax, becoming more and more dangerous to be a part of. None among the Centingers had reached a good enough lead to become victorious. As a result, they were getting restless.

There were only ten days left for the mating season to end. This didn't just mean the end of their battle for points, but rather, the female Centingers would no longer be in heat after these ten days.

Therefore, if they were unable to have a decisive victor, the mating season would end up in a failure. It wasn't just that. Due to the stalemate, as many male Centingers had racked up a high number of points, it would take time to tally through them all.

By the time the process was concluded, even if a winner was picked, it would be too late. What's the use in becoming a winner if they couldn't mate with the female Centingers?

As a result, the male Centingers wished to obtain a decisive clump of points that would tip the scales of victory to their side. Moreover, in their culture, tallying points only began after all the enemies had been neutralised.

Hence, they had to end this war well in advance, with enough time for the points to be tallied, the winner determined, and finally, sufficient time for the winner to mate with all the females before the mating season ended.

There were more than three hundred female Centingers. Give or take an hour to mate per female, that would still result in more than twelve days. It meant that even if they were to conclude the battle now, there wouldn't be enough time for the winner to go through all females.

The Centingers had a mating season only once a century. With a lifespan of 590 years, depending on their fertility, a Centinger could at most go through three mating seasons. This was only in the most exceptional of cases.

The majority of the female Centingers were only fertile enough for two mating seasons. Therefore, they were adamant about receiving a worthy male's seed. And if they failed to receive one, they would go ballistic.

This was why Ellora City was razed to the ground by the female Centingers. Because, when all the males were killed, it terrified them. What if no male Centinger made it out alive? Since they were all chasing after worthy targets, which were all strong enough to get them killed, a total wipeout on their side wasn't uncommon.

It had happened at Ellora City. That rustled their reverse scale. In their fear, anger, and frustration, they vented on the city.

And now, the female Centingers camping far away from the Capital City were in a similar condition. All the female Centingers part of their colony had gathered together, watching the rest of their males in action.

They were smart enough to calculate, understanding that by now, at least sixty females wouldn't have time to receive seed from the victorious male. Their screeches were thunderous, and angry, expressing their frustrations on their incapable males that hadn't killed the enemy by now.

They were itching to destroy their enemies. At least, that way, they would have enough time to collate the scores of the surviving males and complete their mating season. At least that was better than all the females ending up unmated.

Four golden chakrams flew across the skies, three of them which targeted the strongest Millinger. The last chakram targeted the severely injured Millinger that had no shell protecting its main body. This was the Millinger targeted by Inala before.

Fhoong Brimgan avoided killing the weakened Millinger and instead focused all his attention on the stronger Millinger. He wanted to kill it and ensure the weaker Millinger survived.

With that, as long as he endures for ten more days, the mating season would end. He hoped the Millingers and Centingers would retreat after that.

This was the first mating season where Millingers appeared. So, even he was unsure as to what he had to do. But after hearing from his scout reports and knowing what had happened to Ellora City, he had come up with the current plan.

Male Centingers survived amongst the groups that attacked the other cities. Only the group of male Centingers attacking Ellora City were wiped out. Hence, the female Centingers observing that group exacted revenge on Ellora City and wiped it clean.

Therefore, Fhoong Brimgan intended to spare the weaker Millinger while killing the stronger one. This way, the pressure on the Capital City would reduce while also not garnering the female Millingers' wrath.

There were eight female Millingers. It was impossible for Fhoong Brimgan to face them and survive to tell the tale. Therefore, this was the only feasible option.

'It seems that is his thought.' Inala analysed calmly as he arrived at the rooftop of the tallest building in the Capital City, standing there in his female form. He stood tall, observing the state of battle, using the memories of the female Centinger he had absorbed to conclude, 'Unfortunately, there's no way out of this situation.'

Currently, twenty percent of the females wouldn't have the time to mate with the victor before the mating season ends. Based on their psychology, the moment this percent reaches twenty-five, i.e., one-fourth of the females losing their opportunity to mate, they would revolt.

To end the battle and begin their mating process, all the female Centingers would participate and rush their enemy, razing it down to ruins as quickly as possible.

Whether or not the males survived didn't matter. The mating process wouldn't begin as long as the enemies designated as the target for the hunt remained strong. If the enemy was still alive, the females wouldn't be excited enough to mate, no matter how strong their urges were.

Therefore, even if they were to receive a male's seed, they would fail to birth their progeny. Hence, no matter what, the Ganrimb Kingdom's ruin was guaranteed.

Inala looked around and took in the sights of the Capital City, basking in its grandeur, knowing very well that in fifteen hours, it would be in ruins.

He then descended the flight of stairs and rushed through the streets, barging into a house at the corner of the city, the farthest from the battlefield. The people within had gone to a shelter. Hence, the house was empty.

He arrived at the basement and used psychokinesis to lift a door leading underground. The door's underside was covered by a layer of Prana Bomb, allowing him to control it. It led into the underground tunnel he had dug into the city from the outside.

He peeked in and stared at the group of Empyrean Zingers carrying a large canon, "Oh, it's finally ready. Great!"

He grunted and carried out the canon, becoming ready to attack, "This time, the one unleashing an artillery strike would be…"

"Me!"



