Chapter 421  Virala Gets Captured

421  Virala Gets Captured

"They are calling it the Parute Tree King. Can you imagine it? One Parute King Fruit can grant us a unit of Prana."

"It feels like the Royals will monopolise it."

"You're right, but they say just this Parute Tree King can produce enough for the needs of all the Royals. It would imply more Parute Fruit supply for the masses. We too would benefit from this."

A trio of men walked on a street, conversing as they carried large bags filled with their purchase of a bunch of necessities. They weren't alone as many others in Fentan City were doing the same.

"See that guy," One of the trios pointed at a stunned man standing rooted to the spot at a corner in shock, "Dude's probably too afraid of a war."

"He's a weak-willed idiot. There are some of them in every city."

"Let's hope they get wiped out in this war. It's embarrassing that these idiots are part of our Empire too."

Despite hearing their insults, the stunned man remained motionless, too shocked to react. Slowly, he regained his bearings before his face scrunched up in response, "Blola, that fucker."

Having taken refuge in the man's Secondary Nature slot was Virala. Upon entering the Brimgan Empire the previous day, Virala didn't waste time and instead switched bodies until he entered the body of the current individual who was bound to Fentan City through the railway.

He wanted to reach his destination as soon as possible, scout out the place first and only then take action. He had just begun to look around Fentan City, intending to slowly make his way to Arlfarah Mansion when news of the Parute Tree King reached here.

After his initial shock, Virala calmed down, 'Well, it doesn't matter. Blola's being obvious of his intentions.'

'You want the Brimgan Empire's stash of Minor Treasures, huh?' Virala muttered, smirking, 'To think we had similar intentions. Too bad, your actions are too high profile.'

The man—that Virala had taken refuge inside—leapt to the top of the building and jumped from one terrace to another, looking around before he soon landed on the tallest building in the city, 'Others will definitely react in response.'

"This is the best moment to detect them." Virala decided to use this chance to survey the positions of Orakha and Inala, confident that the two would take action, 'Blola's actions will mess up all your plans. So, you're forced to deal with him.'

As he looked around, he noticed the figure of Orakha make a beeline towards the Brimgan Empire's exit, using a slithering Mystic Eater as a boat to travel across the Northern Lakes. "There's one."

"Hey, who are you? This is the private property of the City Lord…" A guard noticed his figure and rushed towards him in anger, intending to deal with him. Suddenly, all the blood in his body oozed out in an instant as his withered corpse collapsed to the ground.

"I'm busy here, don't disturb me," The man muttered as all the blood gushed down his throat, "Bah, this blood is nasty."

"Nothing compares to the taste of an Empyrean Tusk's blood." The man spoke as he continued to observe, "Hmm, where is Inala? How come I don't see him?"

'As always, he's a trickier guy.' Thinking as such, Virala influenced the man he inhabited to roam the city, keeping track of anyone who entered or left the city. But despite being at it for hours, he failed to detect any traces of Inala, 'Did he not arrive at the Brimgan Empire yet? How's that possible?'

"Was Blola spewing crap about Inala all along?" He grumbled, feeling bouts of suspicion. But without much choice, he decided to keep watch, thinking that Inala might be employing a variety of methods to remain hidden, 'The Boar King has been visiting this place from time to time. Since Inala is still alive, he probably has some means to avoid being detected as a Mammoth Clansman similar to Orakha.'

'I should broaden my search.' Thinking as such, Virala made the man run, not caring in the least if the man drew attention to himself or died from overexertion. If any problem crops up, he could always switch to the body of another individual. It was as simple as that.

It was almost evening as the man continued to run. But suddenly, his heart rate increased, thumping to an alarming extent, 'Did he go bonkers?'

'No, this is because of me!' Virala realised that he was the reason for the sudden spike in the man's heart rate. He looked around, identifying the cause to be something or someone within a carriage nearby.

'What…is this feeling?' Virala felt odd, enveloped by a strange sensation where he was lured towards the carriage. His thoughts affected the influence he was generating on the man, who ended up walking into the carriage and ended up being run over it.

"Ahh!" The carriage driver shouted in a hurry, applying the brakes in a fluster when it was too late already. The victim was under the wheels.

"What happened?" A voice came from inside the carriage as Asaeya peeked out from the window.

"I…I ran over someone." The driver spoke in fear.

Asaeya jumped out in a hurry, hoping to save the victim. She looked under the carriage and shouted, "Move it forward!"

"Y-Yes," The driver said and moved the carriage following her instructions.

Asaeya approached the victim in a hurry, intending to save him, only to see that he was already dead. His head had been crushed when it was run over by the carriage wheels.

Within the victim's Spirit Container, Virala grunted in alarm as the Spirit Container began to shatter at the owner's death, leaking out all the Prana within it. If he were to stay inside anymore, he would suffer damage when the Spirit Container ruptures.

'I'll enter this woman.' Thinking as such, Virala ejected himself out of the man's body, appearing as an orb outside.

"Hmm? What's this?" Asaeya frowned at the orb that appeared mysteriously. Suddenly, a pair of moustaches jutted out of the orb and slapped the ground, using it to propel the orb towards her. "Aaah!"

Asaeya reacted promptly, evading the orb when the moustache coiled around her arm and pulled itself towards her. But it simply slammed into her body and remained in place, causing Virala to break into a fluster as he observed by seeping Prana through his moustache and remaining in contact with her body, 'She has three Natures? What in the tarnation is she? It's impossible for Free Humans at this point in time to have more than one Nature, since Yarsha Zahara hasn't begun her Free Human development journey yet.'

"Hmph!" Asaeya attacked instinctively, trying to blind the orb while transferring the side effect to the driver, surprised to see that it was effective, 'This orb is a living being?'

'What the fuck? This is the Grim Knell's power!' Virala quickly realised what was happening as he hurriedly took on his human form and leapt back by activating Internal Inertial Gravity, "No wonder you have three natures."

"You're Asaeya!"

"Where are you going?" Suddenly, a cold, omniscient voice resounded behind him as all his senses were cut off. Following that, a powerful punch slammed into him, as if a hill fell on him, sending him crashing into the ground to form a crater.

Gannala landed on his back and crushed his spine, taking the opportunity upon crippling him to read his memories, "No wonder I was feeling a part of my immune system approaching me all along."

"So, this is how you hide, Virala."





Chapter 422  Asaeya Vs Virala

422  Asaeya Vs Virala

'This feeling…shit! Shit! SHIT! It's Gannala!' Virala became flustered upon seeing Gannala crush his spine, making it hard for him to fight back for the time being. Using the opportunity, she was rapidly accessing his memories while seeping her influence into him.

Protect!

Virala's Secondary Nature whirred in response and began to influence him, urging him to protect Gannala and drop all the plans he had concerning using her against Inala. 'Shit! Fuck! This is the worst!'

Currently, Virala was blinded by Asaeya, preventing him from observing his surroundings. Standing on his back, erecting the true weight generated by her biomes was Gannala, making it impossible for him to break free unless he transformed into an Empyrean Tusk.

"It's best to take caution against him." Asaeya said solemnly, "He tried to do something to me before."

She grabbed his arm and shattered it, instantly doing the same to his other limbs, watching Virala scream in response.

Protect!

"Shut up!" Virala roared as his moustache grew and coiled around Asaeya's neck, choking her. His figure turned into an orb to touch Gannala's foot, intending to seep into her.

Bang!

Suddenly, right as he was about to take root in Gannala's Secondary Nature slot, a mysterious energy slammed into him and ejected him out of his body, 'Dammit! What I feared has happened!'

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

12:18

By now, Gannala accessed a significant portion of Virala's memories, ending up also gaining information regarding his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. And as a Mammoth Clansman, the moment the information appeared in her, it reacted with Mystic Bone Art and instantly condensed the Nature of Weaponisation in her.

Once her Secondary Nature formed, Virala no longer had a slot to take root in her, and as a result, was ejected out.

"This is…" Gannala was in a daze for a moment as the Supreme Tusk's inheritance reacted to her Secondary Nature, birthing a new set of information. The information cluster belonging to the Mammoth Ancestor also reacted accordingly and caused a surge in information in her mind, stunning even her.

Nature Weapon—Leech!

Taking advantage of Gannala's dazed state, Virala caused blood to gush out of the bodies of the two ladies and used it as a wave to swat them away. He unleashed the attack radially and then cranked up Internal Inertial Gravity to leap as far away as possible.

"You're not escaping!" Asaeya roared and used her voice to steal all of Virala's senses, sending the side effects to passersby with a large enough Prana reserve.

'Shit!' Virala cursed in response as he lost all his senses. Left with no other option, he blew out with force, using the gushing air to thrust him farther, intending to get as far away as possible, roaring in the process, "Damn you both!"

'This is bad.' Asaeya frowned upon seeing Gannala's condition. She then noticed many people converging upon their location after hearing the sounds. Seeing the fluster among the people who had lost their senses, Asaeya deactivated her power of Akashic Transfer on the carriage driver, allowing him to regain his vision.

She transferred it to another individual, unwilling to allow Virala to regain his senses. She pointed at the sky of Virala's figure and shouted, "He's a criminal!"

"He's responsible for everything!"

"My son lost his sight because of that guy?" A middle-aged woman glared in anger as she saw wind gushing out of Virala in rapid bursts as he fell towards a farther spot in the city. She expanded her Prana senses and felt the voracious strength oozing out of Virala, "This fucker is as strong as a Prince! Alert the authorities!"

The woman took out her Spirit Weapon in the shape of a kite and spun it around herself, charging it up with angular momentum before firing it in Virala's direction. Buzzing with a faint hue, the sharp kite accurately glided towards Virala and slammed dead centre on his chest. Following that, it crumbled under the impact, failing to even dent the latter.

"What…the fuck is he made out of? Why is he so tough?" The woman was stunned.

"Mom! Everything's dark. Mom! Where are you? Mom!" Her son began to cry, causing her to hurriedly grab him and console him. The people near her had observed her attack and unleashed their own too.

But just like hers, their Spirit Weapons simply dented upon slamming into Virala.

Stage 2—Exoskeleton!

Prana surged into his spine and began to heal it in a hurry while Virala protected himself with an Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton after cranking its density to the maximum. His figure was attacked by many Spirit Weapons as he slammed into the ground to quake it in response. A portion of Fentan City tremored in response to his crash as even now, Virala was unable to see or hear anything, 'Fuck!'

Carrying a dazed Gannala, Asaeya joined the crowd of angry citizens and ensured to keep Virala away from his senses, in a helpless state.

"Be careful! That monster is capable of stealing your senses!" Someone from the crowd shouted and hurled a spear at Virala.

'What is even happening?' Virala was unable to detect anything. Even his Prana senses were useless since the sense of touch of his skin was stolen. That meant even if the Prana he releases were to detect anything, he wouldn't understand it, since he would no longer be able to feel his skin prickle in response to the detection means.

'The fact that I'm still like this must mean Asaeya is continuing to stack her attacks on me.' Virala analysed promptly. His current body was the same as a fully grown Empyrean Tusk. To steal his senses would mean a rapid loss in Prana for the holder of Linked Rupture.

It meant that unless the target that gained the recoil of Linked Rupture through Asaeya's Akashic Transfer had Gold Grade strength, their Prana would be depleted in a matter of seconds. Even someone with Silver Grade strength would last a dozen seconds at most.

That was the steep price necessary to steal a single sense of Virala, one with the power of an Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, multiple targets must be used to steal all of Virala's senses, with Akashic Transfer jumping through people nonstop.

'The sound from the Grim Knell needs to reach me every time Asaeya uses Akashic Transfer.' As he concluded, he activated his Nature Weapon of Leech, suddenly drawing the blood of everyone in the vicinity.

"What?"

"Run! Everyone!"

"This is bad!"

The people surrounding Virala fled in response as dozens among them collapsed to the ground, deprived of all their blood.

A Decaleech's power only works upon physical contact. But that was at the Silver Grade. Once upgraded to the Gold Grade, it was effective within the Spirit Weapon Range. Thereby, as long as someone was within 180 metres of Virala, their blood will be sucked in.

"Tch!" Asaeya clicked her tongue and was one of the first to flee upon Virala's retaliation. She shook Gannala, frowning upon seeing the latter remain dazed even now, "Get up, you idiot!"

A sea of blood swerved around Virala and encased him in a cocoon, growing thicker and thicker in response, preventing Asaeya's sounds from reaching him. Eight seconds later, he regained his hearing. Two more seconds later, he gained his sense of smell.

Four seconds later, he got his sense of taste. Ten seconds later, he got his sense of touch. And finally, a full minute later, he regained his sight.

Staring at the bloody world of crimson around him, Virala's mood was foul, 'Not only was my secrets stolen by Gannala, but Asaeya made me a public enemy.'

He stared as the Brimgan Empire's guards began to converge upon the place. 'You think this can stop me?'

He spat out the Nature Weapon of Tunnel from his stomach biome and equipped it after removing his Nature Weapon of Leech. He swallowed it and watched the revolving sea of blood collapse promptly in response.

Without wasting a moment, he activated the Nature Weapon of Tunnel and opened a hole into the ground, making his escape.





Chapter 423  Virala Infiltrates Varahan Mansion

423  Virala Infiltrates Varahan Mansion

Bang!

"Dammit!" Virala punched a wall upon surfacing at a street situated in a corner of Fentan City, absolutely angry. That fight was his defeat, 'I should have exercised more caution when I felt drawn towards that carriage.'

He was part of Gannala's immune system. Hence, he was instinctively drawn towards her. Moreover, by possessing the Nature of Weaponisation at the Mystic Grade, the influence on him to be a Mammoth Clansman was the highest of everyone in the Mammoth Clan.

As a result, he was compelled the strongest to act as Gannala's immune system. It was why he failed to do anything towards her and instead ended up giving away all his secrets to her. "Fuck!"

Protect! PROTECT!

"Shut up!" He roared in frustration, trying his best to suppress his Secondary Nature's influence. If he gives in, he will merely become a fanatic creature doing his everything to support Gannala. 'The last I want is to become her bitch!'

Virala dragged himself to a location farther away, allowing the influence of his Secondary Nature to calm down gradually. He breathed in and out in sync, gathering his bearings eventually, making up his mind, 'If I go anywhere close to Gannala, my influence will dominate my body and mind. I'll be fucked just like now.'

"I need to get rid of them all. Otherwise, I won't be free." Virala thought as his expression turned cold. He then got up and became an orb, running across the alley using his moustache that acted as his legs. 'Details of my current strength have been compromised. If I were to face Inala for the Attribute like this, I'd be killed. Then, the only way to overcome this is to take advantage of my Mystic Path.'

Seated at the entrance to a house was an old man, asleep. The orb landed on his lap and seeped into his body, instantly occupying his Secondary Nature slot. The eyes of the old man shot open in response and became cloudy.

He only had Iron Grade strength and was easy to take control of and influence. In a matter of seconds, the old man began to move according to Virala's wishes, slowly making his way to the Varahan Mansion, 'The Boar King was visiting this place repeatedly for some reason.'

The old man approached the gates of Varahan Mansion, shocked upon seeing the name, 'Varahan Mansion? What the fuck? Why does the Boar King have a home here?'

"Hey! Who are you?" One of the guards at the gates rushed towards the old man upon seeing the latter collapse all of a sudden, "Are you alright?"

When the guard touched the old man, the orb came in contact with his hand and merged into his body, "Eh?"

A second later, the guard's eyes turned calm, now subjected to Virala's influence. He woke up the old man, "Scram!"

"Y-Yes," The old man was confused for a moment, wondering why he was there before running away in fear upon seeing the powerful guard.

"What was that about?" Another guard asked in confusion.

"Just a confused rat." The guard muttered and returned to his post. Sometime later, a carriage arrived, driven by a servant of the mansion.

The guards opened the carriage and checked its contents. At the end of this routine inspection, an orb slipped out of a guard right as they closed the doors to the carriage, watching it head into the estate.

"Are you alright?" One of the guards asked upon seeing the guard—that Virala had inhabited until now—break out into a cold sweat.

"I…am." The guard muttered, feeling confused, "I just felt strange for a bit."

The carriage made its way to the servant quarters. And when one of the servants came to unload the supplies, the orb entered their body. From one body to another, the orb jumped around until it entered the body of a maid who was in charge of cleaning the study.

Through her, Virala roamed the Varahan Mansion, coming across kids emanating powerful presences. As he sensed their presence, he felt a mild familiarity, understanding immediately, 'They are the Boar King's children.'

'Then, who is their mother?' He frowned in response, 'No average Free Human woman can handle birthing his kids.'

Slowly, the maid entered the study where the owner of Varahan Mansion was seated. Placed next to her in a cradle was a pair of twins two years old, both girls.

"You're there." The woman said upon seeing the maid, waving her hand casually, "Don't disturb me now and clean another room."

"Yes," The maid bowed in response and exited the room. Internally, Virala was losing his mind, and in the end became mad at the absurdity of the situation, 'Hahaha! Resha, you dumbass. The one smitten with you in your previous life is now the wife of the Boar King. What a twist of fate!' "This is absurd," The maid chuckled, influenced by Virala as she walked into a nearby room to begin dusting the place. Her figure turned still for a few seconds as the figure of Virala appeared nearby and swapped his Nature Weapon of Tunnel with Leech. He then became an orb and entered her body once again.

'If it's Yarsha Zahara, no wonder the children have such a suffocating presence. It seems he wants to create Clansmen out of them.' Virala understood the full picture. But unlike Inala who became stressed upon knowing of Yarsha Zahara's involvement with the Boar King, he instead became excited.

"I'll use this." Muttering as such, the maid casually brushed past an eight-year-old boy named Brana, Yarsha Zahara's second child. She currently had eight children, with the first being a pair of boy twins and her recent delivery being a pair of girl twins.

Brana was the second oldest. As he was running through the corridor, an orb jumped out of the maid and entered his body without issues. And while in his body, using the Nature Weapon of Leech, Virala began to absorb his blood in minute amounts, intending to use this to gain as much information as possible about Yarsha.

There wasn't a Free Human more talented than Yarsha Zahara on Sumatra Continent. Virala was aware of that. After his information was accessed by Gannala, he was hard-pressed to upgrade his abilities. Regarding that, he intended to take advantage of his Mystic Path.

As long as he manages to take advantage of it, he would be able to either reach the Mystic Grade or upgrade his abilities at the very least. Other than accumulating more diverse Nature Weapons, this was the only other way he could grow.

Once he copulates with a woman and she manages to give birth, his Mystic Path will be transferred to the child. Virala could then work on condensing the Mystic Path into a Nature in the same way he gained the Nature of Weaponisation from reading the children's book of the Mammoth Clan.

Once that succeeds, he could turn that child into a Nature Weapon and become able to wield his Mystic Path as his own. He truly would gain possession of it after that.

Mating with a normal Free Human woman or Mammoth Clansman wouldn't net much than a transfer of the Mystic Path. But now that Yarsha Zahara was before him, he knew what to do, 'If my child inherits her genetic traits, I'll get a stronger Nature Weapon that makes better use of my Mystic Path.'

"Mother! I missed you." Brana rushed into Yarsha Zahara'a embrace while Virala used the contact to check the conditions necessary to turn Yarsha Zahara into a Nature Weapon, chuckling nervously, 'What the fuck did the Boar King feed her?'

The conditions were almost ten times the Nature Weapon of Refiner, his greatest treasure.





Chapter 424 Flee Underground

?424 Flee Underground

'It will take forever to satisfy all the conditions necessary to turn her into a Nature Weapon.' Virala thought, sighing in response, 'This implies that her Primary Nature is Mystic Grade. Though for some reason, she's not at the Mystic Grade. I'll need to investigate this further.'

He felt that Yarsha Zahara's ability would be a pain to deal with. If it's a Mystic Grade Nature, it must be absurdly broken. And considering how the number of conditions necessary to turn it into a Nature Weapon was almost ten times the Nature of Internal Astral Cultivator, it could very well be the second strongest Nature on Sumatra Continent, only under Astral Chart.

Or maybe it could be higher too. Virala didn't know that, since he had no idea about the number of conditions necessary to obtain Astral Chart. 'Even among Mystic Grade Natures, there are differences in their absurdity.'

He couldn't just reveal himself, defeat Yarsha Zahara, and knock her up.

With what he was aware about the Boar King's character, he knew with assurance that the Boar King gave at least a few Minor Treasures to Yarsha Zahara to keep her safe. If he were to mess up, the Boar King would return from the Gaja Enclave.

'By now, he must already be in the 2-Life Stage.' Virala thought, 'If he's being absolutely serious, he'll be able to reach the 3-Life Stage when the Second Major Disaster starts.'

Virala didn't know this, but due to the actions of his other body at the Mammoth Clan, the Boar King ended up devouring the heart of an Empyrean Tusk. Once he digests it, his body would grow by around fifteen to twenty percent, giving him a rapid boost in strength.

Therefore, attaining the 3-Life Stage by the time the Second Major Disaster starts wasn't impossible.

'To avoid alerting him, I need to fool Yarsha Zahara.' Virala thought, 'Will I be able to enter her body to influence her?'

There was a chance, but the risks were too high. Besides, his largest hurdle was to ensure Yarsha Zahara didn't notice anything amiss until she managed to birth his child—in case he succeeded in knocking her up.

'Let's start by formulating a plan.' Virala thought, 'Towards that, I'll influence Yarsha through her children.'

In another region of Fentan City, Asaeya was being interrogated by the city's guards.

"Yes, when someone fell under my carriage's wheels, I jumped out to check the situation. It was then that he suddenly appeared before me." Asaeya said, "I couldn't see what method he used as I was attending to the man that had died under my carriage."

"Hmm, your statement matches with your carriage driver." The guard nodded and made a recording of her accounts, "Based on witness accounts, your daughter fought him. What do you have to explain regarding that?"

"She reached out for him, only because she's brave and na?ve. She doesn't have the strength to harm him. I was the one that had targeted him." Saying so, Asaeya unleashed her Prana, causing six metallic hands to hover beside her. Their insides were made of bone, which was how she controlled them.

The external coating was fake to ensure no one suspected her identity of being a Mammoth Clansman, for only they used bones to make Spirit Weapons. Pointing at her six metallic hands, Asaeya explained, "My Human Avatar allows me to control six Spirit Weapons. It was these that were targeting that guy. I understand why others would have been mistaken, since controlling multiple Spirit Weapons is uncommon."

"You have made your case." The soldier nodded and finished recording all the details, "We'll summon you in case we need any other information. You can return now."

"But…" Asaeya expressed her worry, "I'm afraid he might return."

"Please don't worry about that." The soldier made a salute and furled a scroll with Virala's appearance, "We'll increase patrol through the city for the next few days while actively trying to search for him. We've also dispatched a group of guards to the houses of all the victims."

"I'm relieved," Asaeya thanked profusely and returned home, nodding towards two soldiers posted guard at her house. She entered her house and arrived at the bedroom, watching the figure of Gannala asleep there, still not awake.

"What has happened to you…?" Asaeya sighed in worry.

…

Standing within the Prana Bomb Sphere, Inala collected all the Empyrean Zingers into his stomach biome. The ones guarding outside opened a door and made their entry. Upon hurriedly storing them, Inala began to drill into the ground, intending to tunnel his way out.

But at this moment, there was a golden flash, following which the Prana Bomb Dome was severed into two. Inala had evaded on time, watching a golden chakram flash before him and speed forward, creating a trench on the ground.

The Prana Bomb Sphere parted to the side, beginning to collapse. Upon seeing that, he hurriedly ripped his skin and changed his appearance to match the Boar King's. Another Prana Bomb—filled with Prana emanating the Boar King's presence—was created in his biome that he equipped on his chest underneath his clothes.

His eyes shot towards the culprit, observing a Brimgan Royal that was at the 4-Life Stage, 'A Prince has appeared. It'll be risky to escape without erasing my traces. Dammit, I wanted the Pranic Beasts to rampage around and help erase my traces with their Natures.'

His Prana Hands whirred in response, getting ready to attack. At the same time, Inala controlled his four Sumatra Zingers and charged them up fully.

"Where's the Parute Tree King?" The Brimgan Prince muttered coldly as a chakram revolved around him, tanking attacks from the nearby Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. He observed Inala glaring his way and snorted in response, "You're pretty feisty for someone at the Body Stage."

There was a distance of a kilometre between the two, but for a Brimgan Prince, Inala might as well be standing within arm's reach. "Where's my Parute Tree King?"

"Who knows?" Saying so, Inala jumped into a pit and disappeared. He spewed a group of Empyrean Zingers that used their Spirit Weapons to drill a way through, rapidly allowing him to go deeper in a matter of seconds.

"Don't you dare!" The Brimgan Prince shouted as he sent a body flying towards the pit using his Chakram.

The 1-Life Stage Brimgan Prince flashed his chakram and drilled into the pit that had been closed up by Inala, quickly following through the region of loose soil to chase after him.

As the group of Empyrean Zingers drilled forward, another group clumped it behind Inala to seal up the tunnel. This way, it seemed like a capsule of air that was moving through the ground, making it hard for the followers chasing after him.

While proceeding in such a manner, Inala spat out a puppet of the Boar King in human form, only leaving two Empyrean Zingers within it. Since he couldn't create Empyrean Zingers with the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, he had to conserve their numbers.

They were precious and couldn't be wasted. Hence, he only left the bare minimum in the Boar King puppet. As it went in one direction, he changed paths to proceed in another direction. Followed by a loop, he returned to the original location.

Minor Treasure—Tangible Psychokinesis!

When his male and female forms split, he took the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis with him. After all, his female form already had the same as a Tertiary Nature. This wasn't as useful to her as it was to him.

Amita would remain in her tea house and accumulate everything safely while Inala would have to rush into the wilds after this. Hence, he took possession of the Minor Treasure.

The string of Prana drilled out and touched the shattered pieces of the Prana Bomb Sphere, seeping the effects of Mystic Bone Art into them to mould their shape. For an instant, he unleashed the Boar King's presence, following which, he quickly pulled all the pieces of the Prana Bomb Sphere.

Upon erasing all traces of himself from the region, he ensured the chaos continued and planned his escape.



Chapter 425 Orakha and Inala Ally

?425 Orakha and Inala Ally

"Ugh!"

"Keuk!"

"Gah!"

The raid teams from the Brimgan Empire screamed in burden as the Boar King's presence slammed into them. Most of them lost control of their Spirit Weapon, losing control of their Prana.

The Spirit Containers of the weaker ones cracked in response, causing them to lose too much Prana. The Brimgan Royalty hurriedly protected their people, cursing the Boar King as a wave of Pranic Beasts rushed at them.

During the chaos, none were able to pay attention to the spot where the Parute Tree King was. Large Prana Bombs appeared suddenly before shrinking as Inala swallowed them.

Everything that existed in the place, from the boulder Blola had taken root upon to the Prana Bomb Sphere, not to mention the soil whose nutrients Blola had sucked, everything was transferred into his stomach biome.

As long as he leaves any evidence behind, the Brimgan Empire would be able to trace them to him. The possibility existed. Hence, he was taking caution.

He was deep underground, using an Empyrean Zinger as a Spirit Weapon to peer outside and observe what was happening. By relying on its senses, he sent a string of Prana outside, making it grab onto and drag in all the Prana Bombs shot by the Empyrean Zingers that protected the Prana Bomb Sphere during his fight with Blola.

The Brimgan Prince that had targeted him before was busy fighting a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. As he was at the 3-Life Stage now, he was having a harder time.

"Did you kill Blola?" Suddenly, a voice resounded from behind him as Inala turned around in a hurry and almost punched the latter. "It's me."

Coiled around by a group of Mystic Eaters was the figure of Orakha, slowly revealing himself as he drilled into the cave Inala was at, "I had been waiting for an opportunity to make some Pranic Beasts attack him when I noticed your Zinger army. Is he dead?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, watching Orakha stare at him in surprise. "Is it that surprising?"

"Yeah," Orakha nodded, "Blola is freakily strong though."

"Aren't you stronger?" Inala stared at the latter while continuing to collect the stray Prana Bombs. His gaze was serious as he said, "I know your abilities clearly. You're able to kill him a tad faster than me."

"Not like I have the opportunity to do so." Orakha shook his head, "I'm under the Transcendent Eater's control. Had he realised I was in the vicinity, he could have commanded me to fight you."

"You would have been forced to fight the both of us in that case." Orakha smiled wryly.

"Isn't that why you retreated far away once you noticed my Zinger army?" Inala chuckled, "That's why I sealed Blola first in my Prana Bomb, so that he didn't have the chance to notice you."

"Do you want to erase all traces of your battle here?" Orakha asked next upon seeing what Inala was attempting. Seeing the latter nod, he offered assistance, "I can take care of it in a jiffy."

Saying so, he unleashed a bunch of Mystic Eaters that stealthily jutted out of the ground and gobbled up the Prana Bombs. As they digested the Prana Bombs, they gained a large quantity of Prana, using which they could multiply and strengthen themselves.

In a matter of seconds, all traces that Inala had left on the battlefield were gone.

"Argh!" Suddenly, a man at the rear of the raid team screamed as his figure vanished. In a fraction of a second, a Mystic Eater jutted out of the ground, gobbled him up, and retreated into the ground.

He wasn't alone as a bunch of others were gobbled up similarly. Even when those nearby attacked the Mystic Eaters, with the volume of Prana gained by devouring the Prana Bombs, they could easily repair themselves.

The Mystic Eaters coiled their bodies upon arriving underground and crushed the captured people into a paste. Soon, one of the Mystic Eaters entered the underground cave that Inala had created, spitting a bunch of Spirit Weapons before Orakha.

"Why did you target them suddenly?" Inala asked.

"They're my business competitors." Orakha smiled as he picked up the Spirit Weapons and observed them. A Mystic Eater jutted out of his body and devoured them all, assimilating the minerals into his Human Avatar. A couple seconds later, he spat most of them out, "They're mostly trash."

"So that was your main purpose." Inala nodded, "You want to monopolise the resource collection market."

"That is impossible, but I want to do everything to increase my share in the market." Orakha said, "I promised the Chief to earn enough to compensate a year's budget of the Mammoth Clan. There's still a lot left to reach that point."

"Let's return now." Inala said upon inspecting the place and ensuring that there wasn't anything left behind that the Brimgan Empire could use to narrow him down as the culprit, "Virala arrived here."

"Hmm…" Orakha nodded, not giving too much of a reaction.

"He can take refuge in the Nature Slots of others. That's his power." Inala said, noticing Orakha's shock, "Yeah, anyone other than us can become his victim. So, we need to be careful. But most of all,"

"Gannala only has two Natures."

"Shit!" Orakha shouted in shock, "What if he targets her?"

"Why are you still dallying about here?" He cursed in response.

"I can't leave any traces here, even if I'm in a hurry." Inala sighed as he spat out a group of Empyrean Zingers who began to drill a way forward, "Everything will be for naught once they discover me. Besides, Asaeya is there to protect Gannala. So, even though I'm in a hurry, I can't do anything reckless that will mess up my plans."

"You're also here," Inala said, "Your Mystic Eater should be able to sense Virala if he's hiding in the Nature Slot of someone."

"Are you sure my Mystic Eaters can detect him?" Orakha asked in confusion, as he didn't know what exactly was Virala capable of.

"Yes," Inala nodded as he threw a Bone Slip towards Orakha. He knew Orakha's capabilities best.

After accessing Blola's data, he could conclude that Orakha's Mystic Eater would be able to sense Virala even if he were hiding in someone's Nature slot, 'That's why I waited for him to approach me. Otherwise, even if I were to return and find Virala occupying Gannala's Nature Slot, I don't have any methods to wring him out.'

'But he does.' Inala flashed a smile towards Orakha. 'Not just his Mystic Eaters. His Human Avatar can selectively target Virala without harming Gannala in the slightest.'



Chapter 426 I’m a Bit Busy

?426 I’m a Bit Busy

The Boar King puppet continued to dig underground until the two Empyrean Zingers manning it consumed most of their Prana. Following that, one of them exited, reverted to its actual form, and swallowed the puppet. It then cranked up its Internal Inertial Gravity to the maximum and collapsed the gravitational fields in its stomach biome, shrinking up to a grain.

A few seconds later, the body of the Brimgan Prince entered the respective portion of the tunnel, stunned to see a lack of loose soil in his surroundings, 'Did he have a technique to mould the dug soil back to their original texture?'

Grunting in frustration, he flailed his chakram and dug radially, failing to detect any traces of his target. After wasting a few minutes and exhausting all his detection means, he returned and rejoined with his 3-Life Stage body.

Recovering his 4-Life Stage cultivation, the Brimgan Prince took out a piece of Rutham and inscribed the face of the Boar King—that Inala had portrayed himself as—and handed it to his followers, "Distribute his image across all information networks. Spread around and search for him. Whether he's hiding in the Empire or outside, find him at all costs. And once you do,"

He muttered coldly, "Kill him. That bastard dared to destroy my Parute Tree King."

By then, Inala and Orakha had slipped into the Brimgan Empire through the path that Inala had opened up. Quite a few Pranic Beasts rushed inside using the gap in the defences. A team of soldiers arrived to promptly face them, preventing the Pranic Beasts from going deeper into the empire.

Surfacing on the Northen Lake farther away were the duo of Inala and Orakha. "You're pretty bold to openly target the Brimgan Empire's soldiers."

"I always ensure to put all traces of my actions in my stomach biome. So, it won't be possible for them to know I'm the culprit." Inala said as he began to run on the water surface, treating it as flatland.

Riding his Mystic Eater that slithered on the water, Orakha stared at Inala in awe, "Man, I'm envious of you being able to use Internal Inertial Gravity. That's like the coolest Nature."

"If you selectively use your Mystic Eater to devour tusks of the Empyrean Tusks to build your Human Avatar, can't you achieve the same?" Inala retorted.

"Man, do you know everything about my abilities?" Orakha groaned.

"Pretty much," Inala nodded, "That's why I'm not worried about your schemes. You won't end up compromising the Mammoth Clan's best interests just for personal gain."

"Don't kiss my ass too much." Orakha snorted, asking after a couple of minutes had passed in silence, "Are you aware of the type of Human Avatar I'm building?"

"I am," Inala nodded, "It's pretty bizarre. Even though it's strong, I feel that it's too complex and tricky. I don't know if it's possible to even use it in a battle practically."

"It's impossible for you, but not for me." Orakha stated arrogantly, "I wouldn't have derived this power otherwise."

"Well, though you're currently very strong, I would have preferred you to attain the power you originally planned for." Inala sighed, "That would have honestly been…terrifying."

"That plan went up in flames when Resha killed me." Orakha grunted, "If only I was alive during the First Major Disaster, I would have been able to succeed with my original plan. But it is what it is. Nothing can be said with assurance on Sumatra."

"Isn't that why we fell in love with this place?" He laughed, "We are originally from this place, but when we were on Earth, we didn't know of this. The sentiment from that time hasn't dissipated in me yet."

"Same here," Inala spoke honestly, "When I came here, I first arrived at that spot that allows us to stare at the Lotus Range, you know, the cover poster with Resha's first eyeing of the Brimgan Empire."

"You didn't have to explain so much." Orakha smiled wryly, "I stood there too when I first arrived here. I don't know why, but just the view of that place makes me emotional."

"You're right," Inala said as he decreased his running pace upon reaching the proximity of Fentan City. The duo meandered a bit to avoid their abilities being witnessed by others and sneaked into Fentan City.

"Hmm, I am surprised that you're revealing your domicile to me." Orakha said upon seeing Inala take the lead, "Aren't you afraid I'll mess up your plans?"

"My plans only involve myself. So, it's not an issue if you were to know it." Inala said and smiled 'kindly' towards Orakha, "But, if you were to reveal it to Virala, I'll wholeheartedly treat you as an enemy."

"I know that, you lunatic." Orakha cursed in response, "Honestly, I wonder what your balls are made of to implicate the Boar King. Now, the Brimgan Empire will be searching for the Boar King as the culprit that destroyed the Parute Tree King."

"That, or they'll assume he just stole it." Inala shrugged, "Either way, they'll focus on him. And if they arrest Yarsha for being his wife, all the better."

"Yarsha…?" Orakha rushed to a stop and stared at Inala in shock, only to see another Bone Slip fly into his face. "Can you stop doing this?"

"No," Inala urged him to continue running, watching Orakha's face pale to the extreme once he accessed the information in the Bone Slip.

"Is this fucking real?" Orakha muttered in despair, "She's that Yarsha Zahara?"

"The one and only." Inala nodded.

"Man, we're doomed." Orakha laughed awkwardly, "Is this some botched nightmare or what?"

"Were you aiming to become her man or something?" Inala asked upon seeing Orakha's expression of disappointment.

"Why the fuck would I not?" Orakha stared at Inala as if he were a retard, "She's the best. There's no woman on this continent better than her."

"Resha was a jumbuck in that regard to choose Yahira over her." He argued, "He let go of the greatest woman in exchange for a dull yandere."

"We're here," Inala ignored Orakha's ramblings as he arrived at his house. His expression was serious as he tiptoed inside, noticing Asaeya seated on the bed beside Gannala.

"You've returned." Asaeya sighed upon seeing Inala arrive. She shot a glance at Orakha and remained on guard, "Why is he here?"

"I brought him in case Virala targeted Gannala." Inala said, frowning seeing Gannala asleep, 'Doesn't she usually jump on me chirpily by now? Is she just too tired?'

"Virala targeted us," Asaeya said, watching Inala and Orakha turn still in response before Prana seethed in them as their attention shot towards Gannala. Seeing their reaction, Asaeya hurriedly explained, "He's able to enter the bodies of others. He tried it on me and Gannala, but failed for some reason."

"We subdued him but he managed to escape in the end." She sighed and stared at Gannala, "But once she accessed his memories, she entered this state and hasn't woken up since then."

"As long as she's fine." Orakha was visibly relieved, cursing in anger, "Seriously, that bastard! Targeting our lifeline is absolutely foolish."

"Didn't you target her too?" Asaeya glared at Orakha. "I haven't forgiven you for your actions at Guna Caves."

"I didn't intend to actually harm her. You can ask Gannala if you don't believe me." Orakha waved his hand, "She read my memories. She'll vouch for my innocence."

"That's not important at present." Inala approached Gannala and touched her forehead while activating the Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip, 'What's happening with you, Gannala?'

He was just about to enter her mindspace when a burst of energy shielded her mind, forbidding him access. A second later, Gannala's lips quivered as she muttered a sentence before returning to her dazed state, "I'm a bit busy, Dad."



Chapter 427 Virala Can Destroy the Mammoth Clan

?427 Virala Can Destroy the Mammoth Clan

"She's fine." Inala sighed in relief upon hearing Gannala speak. He then turned to face Orakha and asked, "Do you sense anything odd in her being through your Mystic Eaters?"

"Let me check," Saying so, Orakha condensed a Mystic Eater that slithered onto Gannala and hissed above her, feeling around her body. Ten minutes later, it returned to Orakha, "I don't feel anything odd even in her biomes."

"That's a relief." Inala nodded and decided to wait patiently for now, "Let's have something to drink."

"I thought you would make some tea," Orakha whispered to Asaeya upon seeing Inala enter the kitchen.

"He's better at it," Asaeya said shamelessly, "Besides, he's a workaholic. It's better when he has something to do. He feels restless otherwise."

'That's how Inala is?' Orakha silently noted the point and watched in surprise as Inala brought out tea and snacks, "So quick?"

"Yeah," Inala nodded. By activating the Skill of Puppetry, he had four extra hands to work with, which allowed him to multitask and complete the process quickly.

As the trio had the refreshment and discussed casually, with most of it being Orakha apologising to Asaeya about what he had done to her at the Guna Caves, many hours spanned past. By then, Asaeya managed to fully detail her encounter with Virala.

Morning, the next day, as the trio were deep in discussions regarding Virala's capabilities, Gannala woke up and stared at them, saying sullenly, "Virala will become a threat to the Mammoth Clan."

"Fuck!" Orakha cursed in response.

"What did you base that conclusion upon?" Inala asked as he grabbed Gannala and checked to see that she was fine.

"Our current cultivation methods are flawed." Gannala sighed as she began to explain, "Virala has the founder's power."

"Founder? You mean the Mammoth Ancestor?" Orakha asked in shock.

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "The Mammoth Ancestor's power is the most suitable power for a Mammoth Clansman. By right, we shouldn't be fusing with other Pranic Beasts to enter the Body Stage."

"Doesn't Mystic Bone Art mention that only by fusing with a Pranic Beast egg can we enter the Body Stage?" Orakha argued. "Does it make sense to avoid the teachings of our cultivation technique?"

"Didn't Resha and Virala gain the power of an Empyrean Tusk without fusing with an egg?" Gannala retorted.

"But that's only possible because of the Fragment Disease…" Orakha said when Inala grabbed his arm.

"Let her continue her explanation," Inala said and nodded at Gannala to continue.

"I thought the same, but didn't we notice something while facing the Cooter Clan?" Gannala stared at Inala and Asaeya, "All Cooter Clansmen gained their powers from the Spirit Pools grown by their respective Empyrean Snappers. As a result, all the influence on them was as a Cooter Clansman, nothing else."

"Remember when they addressed Mammoth Clansmen as slaves?"

"I thought it was just because of us being the Empyrean Tusk's immune system." Inala frowned.

"Yeah, but aren't the Cooter Clansmen similar in that regard?" Gannala said, "They're not the Empyrean Snapper's immune system, but their relation to the Empyrean Snapper is similar to the hair on our body. To a certain extent, the Empyrean Snapper can sense whatever its Cooter Clansmen feel even beyond its Spirit Weapon range as prickles on its skin."

"So, there's not much of a difference between us," Orakha said.

"Yes, but the reason the Cooter Clan perceives us as slaves is because of our inherently flawed understanding of Mystic Bone Art. By fusing with the eggs of other Pranic Beasts, we're bringing in foreign influences that end up corrupting the minds of our Empyrean Tusks when they read our thoughts." Gannala continued, "As a result, we're unable to truly wield our strength as Mammoth Clansmen."

"In terms of power from an individual Settlement in comparison, we're equal to the Cooter Clan." Asaeya said, "Are you saying we can become even stronger?"

"No, there won't be any difference in strength. We'll simply become less bloodthirsty and purer as Mammoth Clansmen. That's all," Gannala stared at Inala and Orakha, "Mammoth Clansmen can enter the Body Stage purely through the resources available on the Empyrean Tusk. And the both of you already know it."

"Grehha!" Inala and Orakha muttered simultaneously.

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "When a Mammoth Clansman at the Spirit Stage begins fusing his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole, as long as he performs it in the Empyrean Tusk's ovum, he'll enter the Body Stage without issues."

"Right, I never thought about it in that regard." Inala nodded, "Empyrean Tusks are birthed through Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease. Then, there is no reason for them to have an ovum in the first place."

"They work similar to the Spirit Pools of the Empyrean Snappers. By seeping in our Spirit Container the essence of an Empyrean Tusk, we'll reach the Body Stage." Gannala said, "And to succeed, a Mammoth Clansman only needs to read a certain book by constantly using Mystic Bone Art."

"That children's book?" Orakha expressed shock upon hearing further details from Gannala, "That book was the Mammoth Ancestor's legacy?"

"Weaponisation, that's what the Nature is called." Gannala sighed, "As long as one obtains that and goes through the above process, they'll obtain the body of an Empyrean Tusk, not in all its glory, but the first three Stages of Resha's Partial Transformation."

Stage 1—Tusk!

Stage 2—Exoskeleton!

Stage 3—Miniature!

Stage 4—Empyrean!

In his Stage 4 transformation, Resha becomes an Empyrean Tusk in all its glory, reaching a height of 1.6 kilometres. At Stage 3, he only becomes a miniature version of an Empyrean Tusk which is only as big as a regular elephant on Earth.

"Depending on the quality of their genes, the Mammoth Clansman's Grade would be decided. The higher the concentration of an Empyrean Tusk's genes, the higher the Grade of his Weaponisation, Prana Capacity, and Lifespan increase." Gannala said, "When this happens, the Mammoth Clansman truly wields his strength as a Mammoth Clansman, with his Primary Nature being that of Weaponisation."

"Isn't that great?" Orakha asked, "Why are you putting on such a sombre expression then?"

"That's where the biggest risk arises," Gannala said and stared at Inala and Asaeya, muttering sullenly, "Dance of Annihilation."

"What? That's a risk?" Inala shouted in shock.

"Yes," Gannala sighed, "The greatest legacy of the Mammoth Ancestor is one capable of destroying the Mammoth Clan in one fell swoop."

"Weaponisation allows the user to transform a Pranic Beast's Primary Nature into an orb that he can equip and unequip from his Nature slots as he pleases. This orb is called a Nature Weapon, and to transform a Pranic Beast into a Nature Weapon, some conditions needed to be satisfied by the user." Gannala explained, "Depending on the power of the Pranic Beast's Primary Nature, the number of conditions vary, from tens to hundreds or thousands."

Her expression then became one of terror, "The Dance of Annihilation allows the user to satisfy all the conditions by performing a certain dance. Once it concludes, every entity that witnessed the Dance of Annihilation would be unable to resist as its body is transformed into a Nature Weapon."

"In our case," She shuddered, "If everyone has the Primary Nature of Weaponisation, as long as someone performs the Dance of Annihilation, there would be a resonance in the hive mind of the Empyrean Tusks as they too would perform it instinctively, since to them it would be akin to paying homage to the Mammoth Ancestor."

"I understand," Inala nodded with a solemn expression, "When that happens, the entirety of the Mammoth Clan will be turned into Nature Weapons."

"Yes, but you have to know." Gannala's statement stunned everyone in the room, "A Gold Grade Nature of Weaponisation is capable of making the Empyrean Tusks dance in resonance. But Virala can achieve the effect on his own."

"As an Empyrean Tusk and with a Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, Virala alone can perform the Dance of Annihilation to instantly destroy the Mammoth Clan."



Chapter 428 Hunt a Prince

?428 Hunt a Prince

"There's only a few more versions of the Dance of Annihilation left in that severed tusk." Inala got up, getting ready to head out, "I'll make my Empyrean Zingers consume them. That way, Virala will never be able to perform one."

"The Dance of Annihilation is nothing but a Prime Skill taken to the extreme." Gannala said, "Even if Virala doesn't inherit the ancestor's version, he should be able to form a Skill or even a Prime Skill if he uses his abilities enough. And based on what I observed of him, he'll end up condensing it in a few years on his own."

"With his Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation, even a Skill of the Dance of Annihilation is enough to do the deed," Gannala said.

"But, if it is just the Dance of Annihilation, I wouldn't be so worried." Inala said, "Currently, the Mammoth Clansmen have fused with Pranic Beast eggs. So, that resonance wouldn't happen. Secondly, many of them have obtained a Tertiary Nature. So, they are immune to the effects of Weaponisation."

"Besides," He stared at Gannala, "Did you get the Gold or Mystic Grade Nature of Weaponisation?"

"That's what I'm worried about. Originally, I was only supposed to get the Gold Grade Nature of Weaponisation." Gannala expressed her worry, "But when I got its Mystic Grade version instead, I was confused."

"Was that not supposed to happen?" Orakha asked in confusion.

"Yes, the limit to getting a Nature naturally is the Gold Grade. This rule is absolute." Gannala said, "Virala used a certain treasure to upgrade his Weaponisation to the Mystic Grade. So, even if I have his memories and the Nature's details, I was only supposed to get a Gold Grade Weaponisation."

Gannala then explained the entire scenario as the trio of Inala, Orakha, and Asaeya listened with rapt attention.

Basically, when Virala gained the Nature of Weaponisation at the 44th Settlement, by reading his memories, the Supreme Tusk Gannala too obtained Weaponisation as its Secondary Nature. Getting the Nature at the same time created a window of opportunity for the Supreme Tusk Gannala to converse with Virala.

The problem stemmed from the fact that the Supreme Tusk Gannala had the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. And when the previous Harrala swallowed its body and committed suicide alongside the Boar King, it was the Nature of Weaponisation that had taken the lead to consume all the Natures of the Boar King, Supreme Tusk Gannala, and the previous Harrala.

It was why the resultant star was the Nature Weapon with the Nature of Internal Astral Cultivator.

"The Supreme Tusk Gannala and the Boar King have a complex relationship. You can say that it was through the Boar King that the Supreme Tusk was born." Gannala said, "Internal Astral Cultivator doesn't simply use similar Natures as fuel to upgrade one of them. The fusion of the body, mind, and soul of the Boar King, Harrala, and the Supreme Tusk resulted in the creation of Internal Astral Creator. So, it uses the body, mind, and soul trapped in the Nature Weapons as fuel."

"To a certain extent, you can say that it's capable of growth like a living being." Gannala sighed, "As long as Virala equips Internal Astral Cultivator for a significant duration, it will end up devouring his Weaponisation and evolve further, becoming his Nature. Once that happens, he won't be limited to upgrading Nature Weapons to the Mystic Grade alone but also be capable of the same for his body."

"He'll hunt Empyrean Tusks to upgrade his Empyrean Tusk body to the Mystic Grade." Gannala said, "With his character, that's possible. After all, once Internal Astral Cultivator fuses with his Weaponisation, my influence on him will drop a lot, allowing him to do as he pleases."

"In the end, we'll be having a second Boar King on our hands." Inala groaned at the conclusion, thinking, 'He hasn't had a child yet. So, there's a Mystic Path left in him. If he takes advantage of it, he could become a terrifying existence too.'

"It seems…" Inala thought through things and referred to Blola's data to say, "There's a chance Virala will escape being a Mammoth Clansman."

"Dad!" Gannala shouted in a fluster, "What are you talking about?"

"Internal Astral Cultivator is part Empyrean Tusk and part Empyrean Boar King." Inala said, "If Virala wants to grow stronger, he'll end up leaning towards the Empyrean Boar King's side. Similar to how the Transcendent Eater ended up devouring Blola's Empyrean Tusk Spirit Container and replacing itself, Virala might choose to do the same."

'Man, at this rate, Loot would end up becoming real.' Inala felt his back was drenched with cold sweat by now. He merely had the thought but based on the data in his possession, he could already see a path for Virala to break free of his status as a Mammoth Clansman.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

"Let me check something first." Inala touched Gannala and accessed her mindspace, absorbing all the information she had regarding Virala.

He then used Mystic Skill Creator while thinking of a future path for Virala based on his character, 'He wants to become the strongest and be free enough to do anything he wants. Towards that, getting a Nature Weapon of Astral Chart is his greatest desire. With that, he'll become unrivalled. So, once he understands Internal Astral Cultivator's true potential, he'll take advantage of his Mystic Path to transform into a full-fledged Empyrean Tusk and possibly even attain the Supreme Tusk status.'

'And then, he'll devour all Empyrean Tusks to upgrade his body to the Mystic Grade.' Inala sighed as there existed a clear path of success for Virala in this regard, 'As an Empyrean Tusk, he would no longer be subjected to Gannala's influence and be able to do as he pleases.'

"I was right, Virala will escape being a Mammoth Clansman." Inala nodded.

"Dad!" Gannala shrilled, "Please don't mess around. Once a Mammoth Clansman, always a Mammoth Clansman, no matter how dangerous he might be."

"He'll become a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk." Inala nodded, watching Gannala's expression visibly brighten in response before speaking, "But with the Boar King's motivations. He'll devour the Empyrean Tusks to evolve further as one himself."

"The herd probably wouldn't resist in such a situation." Gannala said sullenly, "As long as he can reach the Mystic Grade, they would happily sacrifice themselves after leaving their inheritances in me."

"Mystic Grade again…" Orakha sighed, "Anyway, let's drop this topic for the time being and focus on finding Virala first. We'll decide once we kill him."

"He has a second body hiding in the 102nd Empyrean Tusk's Secondary Nature slot." Inala said, "I have no intentions of targeting him for the upcoming decade unless he interferes with my plans."

"Are you being serious?" Orakha growled in anger, "If he succeeds, he'll come after the Mammoth Clan."

"Doesn't matter." Inala shrugged, 'Once I evolve, I'll have the power to deal with him.'

"Anyway, bring Maroppa here later." Inala said, "Let her stay beside Gannala for the time being. With her strength, she can prevent anything unforeseen from happening to Maroppa. We can't risk losing her."

"Moreover, I'll create her Secondary Nature." Inala said in seriousness, "Once that happens, we don't have to worry about her safety being compromised anymore."

"Alright," Orakha nodded, seeing Gannala nod to understand that Inala was capable of what he boasted. The Mudropper's power was too precious to leave in the hands of Virala. Hence, they had to take precautions to erase any chances he had in regards to gaining it.

"Hmmm, okay, that'll work..." Inala stared at Asaeya, "I'll use this chance to change your Tertiary Nature to something better."

He then asked Gannala, "You're able to create Nature Weapons, equip it on others, and take on a Nature Weapon form yourself, right?"

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "I just can't equip any Nature Weapons on myself as my slots are full."

"That'll work then." Inala then stared at Orakha, "Let's get going now."

"We'll hunt a Prince."



Chapter 429 Gannala Unleashes Dance of Annihilation

?429 Gannala Unleashes Dance of Annihilation

At the spot where Blola had appeared as the Parute Tree King, a battle was still raging. But it was mostly between the mindless Iron Grade Pranic Beasts and the rest of the stronger entities.

By now, the Brimgan Empire had begun to retreat, disappointed by their failed raid. Large teams spread across the Empire's surroundings, intending to find the culprit—Brangara.

Some claimed that Brangara had destroyed the Parute Tree King. But there was no proof for the statement. The Prana Bomb Dome appeared and blocked their view. And when it shattered, the Parute Tree King wasn't inside.

Hence, many claimed that he had somehow managed to transport it away. With the reports from the prince who had chased after him, many concluded that the culprit had multiple means to hide himself.

But as the teams spread around, intending to search for the culprit, news arrived from the Brimgan Empire. The appearance of the culprit was recorded twice in their records, first as a Citizen named Brangara and second as the infamous Boar King.

This shocking piece of news reverberated through the raid teams, terrifying them. After all, the Boar King was living at the Brimgan Empire, planning who knows what.

"Dammit! This makes no sense!" The Brimgan Prince at the 4-

Life Stage grunted in anger. He was Fehta Brimgan, a Brimgan Empire Royal who obtained the status of Prince a mere three months ago. Hence, he had taken the lead in this raid to rake up some contributions.

Unfortunately for him, that ended up in failure. The one he had targeted ended up being the Boar King, 'No wonder he didn't put me in the eye. To the Boar King, I'm merely dirt.'

"I'm getting pissed just by thinking about it." He growled in anger and stared at his subordinate, "So, what did the Emperor say?"

"Are we raiding the Boar King's residence?"

"The Emperor is debating with the ministers." The subordinate bowed respectfully, "The command was to avoid taking action until a consensus is reached."

"After all, there's a possibility of losing at least a quarter of our Empire's core strength while facing the Boar King and we don't even have a guarantee of killing him." The subordinate concluded.

"What's there to debate?" Fehta Brimgan exclaimed in frustration, "He's obviously planning something shady. He didn't do anything special until now but the moment a Parute Tree King appears, he shows up and swipes it away."

After venting for a few minutes, he signalled their retreat upon seeing the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts too return to their respective habitats. Unlike the Brimgan Empire which had to verify its records to know the Boar King's appearance as he hadn't appeared there until now, all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts knew it by heart.

Hence, they recognised the Boar King's appearance instantly. Besides, his presence slammed into the region multiple times as a warning, so it would be shocking if they didn't understand that the one targeting the Parute Tree King was the Boar King.

If the Boar King claimed the Parute Tree King, then there was nothing they could do other than give up on the matter altogether. Hence, they returned to their habitats once their weaker brethren recovered from the effects of facing the Boar King's presence.

"I wanted to succeed." Fehta Brimgan sighed as he continued to travel by a large truck, now eight kilometres from the Brimgan Empire's entrance. Suddenly, the ground underneath the truck caved in, causing it to fall through.

"What's happening now?" Fehta Brimgan brought out his Spirit Weapon and severed the truck into pieces. He split a body from his being that slammed into the walls of the pit and lodged himself there.

His 1-Life Stage body brought out a chakram that acted as a base for everyone in the truck to land upon.

Boom!

Many seconds later, the truck slammed into the bottom of the pit and created a loud noise. Standing atop the hovering chakram, the 3-Life Stage Fehta Brimgan frowned in response, "How did such a massive pit form here? This shouldn't be happening…"

Suddenly, the 3-Life Stage and 1-Life Stage Fehta Brimgan, and his subordinates atop the chakram lost all their senses. Right at the time, thousands of Mystic Eaters drilled out of the pit walls and rained down on them.

Peeking out of the holes made by the Mystic Eaters were Empyrean Zingers, holding Sumatra Zingers in the hands of each as they pointed at their targets and shot Prana Bombs.

Mystic Eaters landed on the chakram and rushed through the body of Fehta Brimgan, stealing a large portion of Prana from his Spirit Container. Unable to sense anything, he wasn't able to react promptly, flailing his chakram recklessly.

Many Mystic Eaters were severed by the chakram, but they simply rejoined with their severed halves to target him once again.

"Argh!" The 1-Life Stage Fehta Brimgan screamed in pain as dozens of Prana Hands latched onto him and stole his Prana rapidly. They also latched onto the chakram he used to carry everyone, stealing his Prana through that too.

"How dare you!" The 3-Life Stage Fehta Brimgan split himself into three bodies. Only one body had lost all its senses among them. The remaining two were completely fine. They looked around and instantly hurled their chakrams at the Mystic Eaters and Prana Hands, destroying plenty of them in a fraction of a second.

Unfortunately for him, he was at the 4-Life Stage, an even number. When the sound of a clap resounded in his ears, he noticed to his horror that all senses of the remaining two bodies too were stolen. Moreover, his Prana reserves were rapidly draining in response, terrifying him, "What ability is this?"

In the meantime, Inala stood at a tunnel close to the mouth of the pit, revealing himself as he threw out a Prana Bomb that exploded to spill out copious amounts of soil.

The Empyrean Zingers created a Prana Bomb platform at a depth of forty metres, forming the base for the spilling soil to collect upon. This way, the hole was instantly covered up, preventing the people outside from coming in as reinforcements.

Once this was done, he ran through a network of tunnels and arrived at a depth of eighty metres, noticing the Prana Bomb platform there had been completed too. He similarly threw out another Prana Bomb that exploded to gush out soil in excess and filled up the region.

Standing close to the bottom of the pit, Asaeya ensured the senses of every one were stolen properly. To maintain the even number, she used Akashic Transfer on an Empyrean Zinger when necessary.

Orakha stood guard before her and controlled his Mystic Eaters to continue eating the Prana in the Spirit Containers of his targets. With him and Inala working alongside each other, all targets were drained of Prana in less than a minute.

"It's your turn now, Gannala." Inala wrapped the four bodies of Fehta Brimgan in a Prana Bomb coffin each, ensuring none of them could take action. From the start, their combination of abilities made even such a powerful Prince helpless, unable to scratch them in the slightest.

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

Weaponisation—Dance of Annihilation!

Gannala inhaled a deep breath and began to dance, emanating waves of Prana radially that targeted Fehta Brimgan, rapidly satisfying the necessary conditions. She didn't even have to perform the conditions as Virala did.

Her dance simply involved the initial and final movements necessary for the respective condition, integrated into a series of dance steps that made it seem as if she had completed the condition.

'It seems the conditions are merely to shape and influence the target's Prana while performing the respective action. So, it's not necessary to satisfy the condition in her case.' Inala nodded in thought, 'The Dance of Annihilation works by bringing about the necessary influence through direct Prana interaction, as if activating a Nature.'

He watched as in less than twenty seconds, Gannala concluded the dance, resulting in Fehta Brimgan's four bodies convulsing and shrinking into an orb each. 'That's a terrifying power.'

"He wasn't able to resist it in the slightest."



Chapter 430 Kinesis Rupture Deity

?430 Kinesis Rupture Deity

Fehta Brimgan was ill-prepared for the challenge. He wasn't aware of the Grim Knell's power and the means to counter it. He had no idea of what to do against the Mystic Eaters and Prana Hands. And finally, he had never been expecting an ambush.

Conversely, Inala was fully aware of a Brimgan Royal's strength, thanks to the data of Fhoong Brimgan. Hence, he knew how to hit Fehta Brimgan with the greatest success. As a result, from start to finish, Fehta Brimgan was unable to accomplish anything against them as he ended up becoming a Nature Weapon.

Gannala targeted the rest of Fehta Brimgan's subordinates with the Dance of Annihilation and transformed them into a Nature Weapon one after another. With them lacking any senses to perceive their surroundings and deprived of all Prana, they were unable to resist and were transformed into Nature Weapons.

"Take them and leave first," Inala said to Orakha and ran through the network of tunnels he had dug, collecting the Prana Bomb platforms and his Empyrean Zingers. As Orakha retreated into the tunnel they came from, Inala filled up the rest of the pit with soil.

The chakrams brought out by Fehta Brimgan were collected into his stomach biome as Inala made his retreat, sealing up the tunnel as he ran away. Soon, he met up with the rest of his group, surfaced at a safe location far away, and made their way towards the Brimgan Empire.

A team of guards had already been posted at the spot Inala had destroyed before. Just to be safe, they circled the Lotus Range and sneaked in from another spot once nighttime approached.

Once Asaeya deafened the soldiers on the lookout, Inala carried everyone and tiptoed past them. It was done only for the necessary moments. Hence, the guards didn't even notice anything amiss and simply dug into their ears, blaming the altitude that caused pressure differences to form in their ears and inhibit their hearing from time to time.

It usually recovers in a matter of seconds, and this case was no different. So, they didn't feel anything was amiss. By then, Inala and group had already landed on the Northern Lakes and began to run the vast distance to Fentan City.

Since they had circled around a lot, it was morning by the time they returned home. While the two guards weren't attentive, they sneaked into their home. Inala casually exited it following that, acting as if he had just woken up, and greeted the two guards, providing them with some tea.

"Thank you." The two guards were happy at the provisions, as they had been at their posts for a day already and were tired. This was why they hadn't been attentive enough and didn't even notice anything amiss in the house the entire night.

Well, to be safe, Inala left behind puppets to act as the four of them. Upon arriving, he retracted the puppets, praising the Empyrean Zingers inside that had done a spectacular job.

Two hours later, Orakha brought Maroppa to the house who became nervous spontaneously upon seeing Inala's male form. She had been meeting Amita daily to help create her Sumatra Gold Skeleton. After the split, Amita had become pretty na?ve in comparison to her person before the split.

'My mom was right!' Maroppa thought upon seeing Inala's gentle smile, "Crazy bastard, what are you up to now?"

Her statement was enough proof for Orakha that Inala and Maroppa knew each other before. Similarly, seeing Orakha next to Inala confirmed all of Maroppa's suspicions too.

The two of them stared at each other and smiled wryly, realising that Inala had already informed each other about their identities. Immediately after, they unanimously thought it would be their best to get as far away from Inala as possible once this transaction concluded.

"Well…" Inala smiled wryly as he gave a rock to her. It was a Bone Slip equivalent to the Rooper Tribe. Hence, Maroppa could use it to access large volumes of information. Inala lost twenty Prana in response to activating the cultivation technique, but it would save him a lot of time instead of having to explain things from the very beginning.

It was best to complete this process as soon as possible before Virala could take advantage of them. Also present in the rock was a Prime Skill that Maroppa could use to complete their task.

Upon comprehending the Prime Skill, Maroppa opened her eyes and stared at Inala with terror, "How much…do you know about my race?"

"Pretty much everything that you're aware about," Inala said. From the side, Orakha observed the expression of terror Maroppa constantly portrayed towards Inala, 'What has he done to her in the past?'

"Hey, it's nothing like that." Inala eyed Orakha and spoke upon seeing his displeased expression, "It's thanks to me that she's able to evolve and reach the Gold Grade. We're good friends, alright?"

"Yeah…" Maroppa nodded in response, "It's thanks to Inala that my strength grew by leaps and bounds. But he's just a crazy bastard. That much is the truth."

"Dad's a chill guy." Gannala retorted from the side. "He's pretty tame you know?"

"As if?" Maroppa rolled her eyes. "You have a better chance convincing the Boar King to not attack the Mammoth Clan than make me believe such a ridiculous statement."

"Now, let's begin." Inala said and grabbed the figure of Asaeya who intended to sneak out during the argument, "Where are you going?"

"I'm tired," Asaeya smiled weakly, "I'll get some sleep. You carry on with your work. I'll be cheering you on from the side."

"You're my work." Inala carried her to the centre and held her tight while staring at Maroppa, "Aim at her Tertiary Nature, please."

"Inala, don't be absurd! I created it after a lot of thought." Asaeya shouted in fluster once she saw Inala activating Internal Inertial Gravity to remain steady in his hold, preventing her from breaking free.

"I appreciate your consideration, so I'm not erasing it." Inala said, speaking upon seeing her calm down, "I'm simply getting rid of the side effects and making it stronger. That's all."

"Ah, I see." Asaeya stopped resisting as she stared at Maroppa, "Get started, Maroppa. Hurry up. I want to see what Inala has prepared for me."

'This girl too is crazy.' Maroppa thought as Prana surged through her. She grabbed one of the Nature Weapons created from Fehta Brimgan and addressed Asaeya, "Gather Prana into your Tertiary Nature. That'll make it easy for me to target it. Don't activate your other Natures. That will mess up everything."

"Got it," Asaeya nodded and surged Prana through her Tertiary Nature, stopping right before it got activated.

Maroppa seeped her Prana into Asaeya and sensed the portion of her Spirit Container that spiked in response to her actions, 'That's where her Tertiary Nature has formed.'

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey Assimilation!

Prime Skill—Nature Weapon Assimilation!

Prana containing the effects of her Primary Nature surged into the Nature Weapon and turned it into a grey sludge. Maroppa touched Asaeya's chest with the grey sludge that became needle-like and pierced her, accurately stabbing into her Spirit Container.

Through the effects of the Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation, the Nature Weapon's power became assimilated into Asaeya's Tertiary Nature. It was created by keeping the Mudropper's data as a base and using the data present in the Transcendent Eater regarding Virala.

"Keuk!" Maroppa grunted as she kept pouring in Prana, moulding the grey sludge into Asaeya's Spirit Container, exercising great care to not damage anything. A slight misstep from her and Asaeya would crumble into grey sand. She would receive Inala's ire in that case. Hence, she was precise in her actions.

Less than an hour later, Maroppa collapsed on the floor, panting in exhaustion as she muttered, "It's done."

"This is…?" Asaeya closed her eyes and comprehended the surge in information through her mind, expressing her shock, "Is this possible?"

Tertiary Nature—Kinesis Rupture Deity!



