Chapter 711  Limited Edition Suits by Yours Truly

Inala's fingers danced as he began to sew the threads of wool into various designer styles, expertly interweaving the different shades of wool to form intricate patterns. In a few hours, a pair of clothes were ready. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The style, quality, comfort, and ease of wearing easily exceeded that of the nomadic Kingdom nearby who didn't have the time, energy, and effort to invest in the art of wool weaving. They were more focused on surviving, as all weak Free Human Kingdoms did.

While Inala worked on transforming the acquired wool into clothes, Virala used a bone syringe to extract his blood. Any part of his body could be used as a Spirit Weapon, and the extent of control only increases over time as he gets more used to it.

Similar to how an Empyrean Snapper controls water, Virala can control his blood. But he would have to prepare enough first and seep Prana into it from time to time so that it doesn't degrade.

Once he had collected enough amount, Virala approached the nearby trees and injected small quantities of the blood into the veins on the leaves. From time to time, he made contact with the blood through psychokinesis to keep them operational.

When a Balghat consumes enough quantity of these leaves, Virala uses psychokinesis on the blood within them and moves them into its respiratory tract, thus way suffocating them. This was the most cost-effective method he had figured out over the years.

"Wear this!" Inala threw a woollen suit and said, "It has decent defensive properties against Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Unless it's something like a Bludder, you won't be dying from a single hit."

Balghats can regrow the layer of wool covering their bodies over the course of a month naturally. Otherwise, they can consume 220 units of Prana to regrow it to full capacity in under an hour.

"Wait…" Virala grabbed the suit and lifted it, noticing that it was a block of wool woven like a suitcase, "How the fuck am I supposed to wear it?"

"Seep your Prana into it and you'll witness the magic." Inala laughed and detailed, "Just one unit will do."

"What are you talking about…" Virala muttered in confusion but did as told, shrieking in surprise when the block of wool expanded around him like when the Balghat activated its Primary Nature and wrapped around him, "Fucker! Are you trying to kill me…wait a second! This feels nice."

Virala observed a stylised woollen suit covering him, wrapping his body perfectly. It was as if it was created just for him, as it outlined his figure to the decimals and depicted his physique in the best way possible.

"Have you been touching me while I was asleep?" Virala stared at Inala in disgust, "I never knew you swung that way."

"Hahaha!" Inala burst into laughter in response, "Don't worry, I'm not interested in touching poop. You're the kind of poop even dung beetles avoid, so don't kid yourself."

"Itching to be beaten up once again?" Inala stared at Virala upon noticing the opponent's anger, "I don't mind using your face to wipe a Balghat's ass."

"Fuck you!" Virala raged and poured Prana into his two puppets that sprung upon Inala, intending to beat him up. But suddenly, small yarns of wool slammed into them and expanded rapidly to constrict their bodies.

Followed by a thud, the two puppets fell on the ground, unable to break free no matter how much Prana Virala poured into them, as they had been expertly targeted at the joints, unable to exercise any muscular strength.

"You were saying?" Inala stared at Virala and raised an eyebrow, "Are you still harbouring delusions of besting me in combat?"

"You might be strong, but I have dozens of methods to neutralise you in any situation," Inala commented and touched the wool cocoon on the two puppets. By expending a unit of Prana per each, he collected them in their cocoon forms.

"Shit!" Virala grumbled in anger and stared at the suit he was wearing, "What the fuck have you done here?"

"And why is the power of a Balghat still present within the wool?" He stared at Inala in disbelief, "Are you able to use its Nature?"

"Its wool is its Nature." Inala said, "As long as Prana is infused into it, the Balghat's wool can express the properties of its Nature. All I'm doing here is adding in an element that can absorb Prana from others and pour it into the wool."

Had Inala had his Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch, this would have been an extremely simple process. But since he didn't have that, he had to rely on his Skill of Palm Stitch, which was fixed on his palm print.

If one looked at the pattern that the wool had been weaved with, it would resemble Inala's palm print. To the eyes of anyone else, it would only look like one of the patterns of the wool clothes. But this was the imprint that allowed Inala's Palm Stitch to remain in function, as he had laid it on the wool strings forming the pattern.

As long as the pattern wasn't damaged through wear and tear, it'll remain in effect, keeping the Balghat's Primary Nature of Wool Expansion functional. When a unit of Prana is seeped into the suitcase of wool, the pattern absorbs it and distributes the Prana through the wool, which activates it.

The wool latches onto the target that had poured Prana inside it and forms a cocoon, similar to how it works for a Balghat. But Inala had weaved it in such a way that the woollen threads were unable to tighten beyond a certain level.

Thereby, all they did was align themselves closely to the outline of the target body. Inala had weaved a bit of wool in excess for all sections, especially at the stomachs, thighs, and shoulders. This allowed the suit to accommodate itself for varying physical features.

He planned to label them for people with a certain body size, for the suit would be able to accommodate all variations within that range. In his plans, there were six suits for male and female adults respectively, twenty suits for male and female teenagers separately, and finally, more than forty for the children that grew fast.

As the wool was the product of a Nature, it was pretty strong in its defensive capabilities. It was something that regular people could wear even in the Brimgan Empire, not to mention a Free Human Kingdom on a desperate run for survival.

It looks cool, boasts great defensive aspects, can accommodate varying body frames and sizes, and best of all, can be worn and taken off in a second by expending only one unit of Prana each time.

The excess fabric present in the suit would form hats, shoulder pads, and frills along the leg section. There wasn't much variety in terms of colours as Inala was limited to the natural colours.

But for the time being, that wasn't important. Once the duo infiltrate the closest Kingdom and establish themselves as a merchant organisation, they could look for suitable dyeing processes. Their goal was after all to use that as a setup and eventually enter the Varahan Empire.

"Won't your workload become too high in the future?" Virala frowned and stared at Inala, "Though you were fast, it still took you a few hours for a suit. Won't it be impossible to keep up with the pace once we start a business in the Varahan Empire?"

"When the demand increases, we'll label ourselves a luxury brand." Inala grinned, watching Virala's eyes widen in realisation, "Since we can only produce a limited amount, our suits will become a limited-edition luxury good. The people that purchase our suits can brag about it, as it'll become a status symbol."

"Man, you really thought it through completely." Virala nodded in praise before asking, "But we'll definitely become too big. Won't Yamahara investigate us just in case?"

"Can't you change your appearance?" Inala stared at Virala, "You can gradually reshape your entire skeleton, right?"

"Yes, it's possible." Virala nodded, "But my presence won't be changing, since I am still myself."

"What if we cultivate one of the Varahan Empire's cultivation techniques?" Inala asked next and stared at Virala, "Will it still be possible for them to identify us?"

"Even without all that," He eyed Virala, "Do you know that you've grown a bit older as compared to before?"

"I did?" Virala thought for a bit before he observed Inala, "Wait, you look older too. I never noticed since I observed your physical changes daily."

They were currently covered in mud, had unkempt hair, covered by an array of clothes whose materials were sourced from a variety of Pranic Beasts they had come across in the past three years, and had thinned out a lot due to their diet.

Inala and Virala were currently 53 years old. After their Spirit Containers had been sealed and they dropped to the Spirit Stage, their actual age was beginning to show. Thanks to Prana, they were still able to move without much difficulty, but the moment the duo thought in the direction, they tallied the differences.

"We're indeed getting older." Virala grinned as he calculated, "If we remain in this Kingdom for a few years, we'll grow even older. By then, we won't even have to add any disguises."

"Yes," Inala nodded, "A wrinkled skin, a bushy beard, and the exhaustion stemming from old age will modify our presence naturally. Even Brangara won't be able to associate us with the identities of our actual bodies."

Even Inala's Royal Zinger form had a lifespan spanning multiple centuries. His appearance was that of a youth in his early twenties, still in his prime. It was even more exaggerated for Virala, who would remain in his prime after a millennium or two.

Even when disguised, their presence would still contain the confidence stemming from their pinnacle strength. But the current duo of Inala and Virala here had been living as powerless individuals. At the slightest sound, their bodies flinched and reacted.

They had actual trauma due to their survival life, which made them seem like completely different people. Even without any disguise, it would be hard for anyone else to recognise who they were.

"Can you recognise me as Inala if you didn't stare at my mug daily?" Inala asked.

"Fuck no." Virala chuckled and began to prepare food, "How much do you want to stockpile?"

"At least twenty suits, with some age and gender variety." Inala said and stared at Virala, "And a dozen bodyguards from your side. If we go in alone, we'll be murdered."

"I know," Virala huffed in response, "I'll prepare a team of puppets to act as our bodyguards."

Five months later, they were prepared. A wagon carrying suits in the shape of suitcases was escorted by a team of bodyguards, numbering ten in total. There were traces of destruction and repair across the wagon, with blood and flesh smeared across it.

While two of the bodyguards pulled the wagon, the figures of Inala and Virala were seated inside, protecting their goods, their expression tired and distraught, displaying that they had been through a lot to get here in safety, after going through untold sacrifices.

Slowly, they travelled across Petrichor Savannah and were ganged up by a group of predators, right when they were fifteen kilometres from the nomadic Kingdom.

"The timing couldn't have been any better." Inala muttered as he spotted a group of soldiers far away and began to fight, "Let's survive until they get here."

"Should I act like a damsel in distress?" Virala expressed a shy smile, "What if my acting is too good?"

"Oh, shut your stinky trap!" Inala hit Virala in the head and pointed at the group of predators that had surrounded them, "Act?"

"Bastard, we truly must fight for survival. Otherwise, we will become their dinner."



Chapter 712  Binala and Kvirala

Noikatol Kingdom, a nomadic Kingdom set in the Petrichor Savannah, established by a group of criminals who fled a ruined Kingdom three centuries ago. They eventually formed a community and increased their numbers over time, reaching their current population of 22,000 people.

Resources in the Petrichor Savannah were scarce, with no location in it capable of sustaining a long population for an extended period of time. Hence, the Noikatol Kingdom changed locations frequently, similar to the Balghats.

The faeces, urine, and other forms of excreta they would leave at their prior location served as manure, resulting in the growth of new vegetation over time. It resulted in a harmonious cycle and prevented the desertification of the region.

The people in Noikatol Kingdom practiced a cultivation technique called Iron Endurance Art, which raised efficiency in their body's respiratory, circulatory, and parasympathetic nervous systems. It allowed them to enter a state of rest as quickly as possible, sweat as and when necessary to cool down their bodies, provide proper blood and airflow to the necessary body parts, etc.

Iron Endurance Art raised the overall stamina of the Noikatol Kingdom, which allowed them to travel for extended durations with minimal rest. This allowed them to keep up with their lifestyle and adapt to the environmental conditions of Petrichor Savannah.

When one cultivated the Iron Endurance Art, the only mineral at the Petrichor Savannah that they could use to build their Human Avatar was the Katol, a greenish brittle substance that resembled sand with black impurities.

It was weak to heat and could be ground to dust with a basic grinding process. Once turned into dust, the cultivators at Noikatol Kingdom used the process of winnowing to separate the impurities present in the Katol.

"Someone's there," One of the patrolling soldiers around a moving caravan of people that formed the Noikatol Kingdom shouted and pointed in the direction of a carriage slowly heading their way.

The soldier wore a helmet haphazardly created using the bone of a Balghat and had clothes created using its fur. It was a shoddy workmanship at best and had sustained extended wear and tear, barely able to hold itself in one piece.

Every soldier was the same as Noikatol Kingdom's strength was stretched thin, extremely thin in fact. Of the 22,000 people, only 34 were at the Body Stage. As the mineral they built their Human Avatars with was Katol, an Iron Grade mineral, their strength too was at the Iron Grade.

Hence, these 34 Body Stage cultivators were just too weak. But at the Petrichor Savannah, which only had Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, they were still relevant.

Standing at the peak of the Noikatol Kingdom's society were six Life Stage cultivators, with the King being the sole existence at the 3-Life Stage, their strongest cultivator.

The people of Noikatol Kingdom had minimal belongings. They only had whatever they could carry on their back. A tent, two sets of clothes, some utensils to cook, and finally, a small batch of spare rations. This was pretty much the general gear they had.

Some people carried unique pebbles or weirdly shaped horns as souvenirs, pretty much the only hobby they had other than surviving. Their diet consisted of milk from the female Balghats they protect and rear.

In gratitude for being protected, the Balghats offered them milk, using which they make many food products for consumption. Other than milk, they collected leaves, fruits, vegetables, nuts, and a variety of plant products that were available in the Petrichor Savannah.

Though they had adapted and were steadily raising their population over the years, having an influx of people would help them a lot, especially in terms of information and resources.

The only cultivation technique present in the Noikatol Kingdom was the Iron Endurance Art. Any external party they could save meant the addition of another cultivation technique to their arsenal. As a result, once a soldier spotted the incoming carriage, the King of Noikatol Kingdom, Tssrah Noikatol sent a team of soldiers to their rescue.

The team consisted of four Body Stage cultivators and over twenty Spirit Stage cultivators with decent fighting strength. They activated Iron Endurance Art and sprinted in the direction of the incoming carriage.

"Eight Ptattahs are surrounding the carriage!" One of the soldiers shouted as they habitually changed formations, now moving about in the shape of an arrow, with the four Body Stage cultivators taking the front.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Ptattah!

With a Prana capacity of 490 and a lifespan of 80 years, they were one of the predators of the Petrichor Savannah. At their tallest, they barely reached a height of a metre, built like a hyena. The only difference was their front, which resembled an ankylosaur. Their head was shaped like a hammer, covered by a thick chitin armour, ladled with keratin bone protrusions.

Primary Nature—Accel Ram!

When activated, the original rusty-coloured skin glows a dark red, with shades of black. A gelatinous membrane forms on their head, non-Newtonian in nature. When met with force, its external surface hardens to its extreme while its internal surface remains soft.

This cushions the Ptattah's head as it rams into its target. Once Accel Ram is activated, the body temperature of the Ptattah increases beyond its operational level, spiking its running speed, able to accelerate up to a distance of twenty metres, following which it strikes dead on into its target.

Every activation uses up twenty units of Prana, making them extremely irritating to face for the natives of the Petrichor Savannah. A Pattah that had reached maturity could unleash its Primary Nature a whopping 24 times before it expends its Prana. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Such a staggering number of impacts could easily crush the skull of even a Balghat, their favourite prey.

Currently, eight such Ptattahs were targeting a carriage, ramming into it nonstop while the defenders were desperately trying to hold on to life. "Quick! Save them!"

"They're here!" Inala shouted upon spotting the approaching group of soldiers and activated his Skill of Piezo Resonance to obtain the surface-level thoughts of the Ptattahs. The information regarding the Ptattahs was relayed in the form of Zinger Shrieks, which Inala conveyed to Virala, "Left, right, puppet one's leg, puppet two's stomach…"

All surface-level thoughts of the Ptattahs were revealed to Inala, allowing his side to promptly defend themselves. He then noticed a Ptattah was about to destroy a puppet and opened his mouth, gathering Prana into his throat to unleash a packet of shockwaves.

Mystic Royal Art—Tangible Shock!

It was similar to a Tangible Piezo Slip but only carried packets of shockwaves. That made it easier and faster to activate the Skill. After all, unlike Tangible Piezo Slips that doubled down as Spirit Weapons, a Tangible Shock only travelled in a straight line at the speed of sound.

To unleash it, Inala only needed to shout, which made its activation almost instantaneous. Its power was also significant enough and could be scaled even to his actual body. Its strength grew with respect to the amount of Prana infused into his throat to generate the shockwaves.

By using three units of Prana, the Tangible Shock he unleashed travelled as a packet of shockwaves at the speed of sound and brushed past one of Virala's puppets and slammed into the face of a Ptattah, exploding its eyes in response.

Krughhh!

The Ptattah unleashed a painful grunt and fell to the ground. Immediately in response, one of Virala's puppets jumped on it and gathered Prana into its fist, accelerating the punch it sent into the target's face.

Boom! Boom!

Muffled noises boomed from the impacts as the puppet's fists rained down nonstop, pausing only when another Ptattah rammed into the puppet and sent it flying.

"Tch!" Virala grunted in annoyance and grabbed a Spirit Weapon in the shape of an arm. He threw it to Inala, "Throw it!"

"Alright!" Inala grabbed the hand and got into a throwing position, unleashing a rough grunt as he hurled it towards a Ptattah. Right as it left his hold, Virala's psychokinesis accelerated it further. The hand grabbed one of the hind legs of a Ptattah and yanked it to the side, causing it to tumble down right before it rammed into its target.

"Die, fucker!" Virala roared as his puppets ganged upon the Ptattah and hurled a series of kicks at it, all reinforced with psychokinesis. He observed the scene with a hardened gaze as his hand steadily inched into the bag slung on his back, 'Do I use it?'

He eyed Inala once and decided otherwise, 'No, it's better I save it than reveal it prematurely. I'm counting on it to beat this guy up the next time we fight.'

While he thought as such, his concentration slipped for a moment, causing one of the puppets in his control to stop moving. That moment of slip was enough for a Ptattah to ram into it and send the puppet crashing into the carriage.

"You, goddamn moron!" Inala cursed Virala as he jumped out of the carriage that crumbled. It had been battered enough times and was no longer able to tank any more hits.

Rolling on the ground once, Inala slammed multiple Tangible Shocks in the face of a Ptattah aiming at him. Once the latter was slowed down in its charge, he leapt once and latched onto its back, activating the Skill of Resonant Shock.

Krughhh!

The Ptattah's vertebrae shattered as shockwaves coursed through it at its natural frequency. It was unable to run anymore and plopped on all fours. Standing on its back was Inala, using his body weight to stress its skeleton further and unleashed a couple more Resonant Shocks.

"Attack!" The soldier at the Body Stage activated his Human Avatar, transforming into a green entity resembling a sand sculpture, appearing brittle at first glance. However, an instant later, it solidified into glass, raising its structural solidity.

With that, they managed to neutralise a third Ptattah, which was when the soldiers from Noikatol Kingdom arrived.

"Attack!" The soldier at the Body Stage activated his Human Avatar, transforming into a green entity resembling a sand sculpture, appearing brittle at first glance. However, an instant later, it solidified into glass, raising its structural solidity.

Primary Nature—Whip Exhaustion!

A portion of the mineral forming the Human Avatar flowed across the soldier's hand and condensed into a greenish whip reaching a length of twenty metres. It produced a crisp echo once he lashed a Ptattah with it.

Krughhh!

The Ptattah became visibly exhausted after the hit. As its movements became slower, its body was drenched with sweat, and its breathing laboured.

The Primary Nature of Whip Exhaustion targeted one's stamina. Upon every hit, a portion of the target's stamina gets shaved. This allowed the cultivator to engage in a battle of attrition with their target and succeed eventually.

Iron Endurance Art allowed them to sprint for longer durations while their Primary Nature of Whip Exhaustion reduced the endurance of their target.

The soldiers from Noikatol Kingdom followed this principle as they ran around their targets and kept whipping them until the latter collapsed in exhaustion. Following that, they would capture their target to feast upon later.

Though they were extremely weak, and the portion of stamina they could shave wasn't high, Whip Exhaustion could be stacked as every hit shaved off a portion of the target's stamina.

'I see, so that's why they have been recruited into the Varahan Empire's fold.' Inala thought, understanding Yarsha Zahara's reasoning, 'Once Brangara consumes one of these cultivators, he could focus on elevating the Tangible Nature into a Minor Treasure. It will allow him to face me, Resha, and Blola simultaneously.'

Blola had infinite stamina as long as his roots kept absorbing nutrients from the ground to generate Prana. Resha grew ginormous biomes that would supply him with Prana and allow him to battle for months or even years at a stretch. And finally, Inala could fight perpetually as long as he kept absorbing Prana and Lifeforce from his enemies.

Whip Exhaustion was just one of the many abilities that Brangara intended to stockpile and counter the Mystic Seven. As a result, the Varahan Empire extended an olive branch to the Noikatol Kingdom.

Without hesitation, Tssrah Noikatol accepted the offer to be absorbed into the Varahan Empire. Though he might be a King, the lifestyle he led was multiple times inferior to even the lowest citizen of the Varahan Empire.

So, there was nothing to hesitate.

Soon, with the help of the soldiers, the eight Ptattahs were killed, following which Inala approached the soldier in the lead, "I express my gratitude for your help, kind Sir."

"The pleasure's ours." The soldier cupped his fists in response and glanced at Inala, Virala and the ten bodyguards who sported varying injuries. His gaze returned to Inala, judging the latter to be the leader of the group based on his disposition and asked, "May I know your name?"

"Haha," Inala let out a mild chuckle in response and began to weave a story that he had prepared in advance, "I'm a small-time merchant from a ruined Kingdom."

"You can call me Binala." He then pointed at Virala, "This old man is Kvirala."



Chapter 713  I Am Getting Inspired

"There's a ruined Kingdom nearby?" Once Inala and Virala were escorted to the Noikatol Kingdom, the King, Tssrah Noikatol expressed his confusion upon hearing Inala's story.

"No, your Majesty." Inala performed a mild bow, "The Kingdom we hail from was destroyed eighty years ago by a Mammoth Clans master."

"Eighty years ago…" Tssrah Noikatol frowned as he stared at one of his aides, a Life Stage cultivator who had roamed beyond Petrichor Savannah. If anyone could have an idea about such an event, it should be him.

"I remember hearing about something like that around these parts…" The Life Stage cultivator took out an Information Slip containing all the precious information he had gathered during his years of journey outside. He accessed its contents and stared at Inala to ask, "Are you referring to the Bollutiya Kingdom?"

"Yes, it is that one." Inala nodded as he stared at Virala, "Our parents fled as a group once the Kingdom was destroyed. We couldn't find any other Kingdom to seek refuge nearby and had to live in the wilds. Eventually, we adapted to such a life."

He smiled wryly while eyeing Virala, "Now, the two of us roam the wilds as nomads and sell some produce that we create to any Kingdoms we come across."

"Are these the goods you have on you currently?" Tssrah Noikatol eyed the large crates brought in by his soldiers from the carriage wreckage alongside the corpses of the eight Ptattahs.

"Yes," Inala nodded and opened one of the crates, "We came across the Balghats here and have weaved some clothes using their wool."

"We have plenty of clothes made using Balghat wool…" Tssrah Noikatol stopped speaking as he stared at the block of wool before him and poked at it, seeing no way to wear it, "Is this supposed to be clothes worn in some Kingdom of Sumatra?"

"Ahh, excuse my rudeness." Inala smiled wryly and slapped Virala on the back of the head lightly, chiding the latter, "What are you waiting for, doofus? Demonstrate our suit to his majesty!"

"I am…" Virala silently gritted his teeth and remained in character, making a mental note to beat up Inala later. He made a show of beckoning one of his guards, when in reality, he was controlling the latter's actions through psychokinesis.

"Are they your bodyguards?" Tssrah Noikatol stated in surprise, "They look pretty similar to each other."

"They're brothers," Inala interjected and whispered to the Noikatol King, "Decuplets, in fact."

"In the name of Sumatra…!" Tssrah Noikatol inhaled a sharp breath in shock. He didn't say anything else and watched one of the guards grab a wool suitcase and seep in a unit of Prana, keeping his actions clear for everyone else to witness.

Immediately as he activated, there was a moment of silence as everyone from the Noikatol Kingdom jumped back in reflex upon watching the suitcase of wool act in a form similar to when a Balghat activated its Primary Nature.

However, unlike their expectations, the suitcase of wool wrapped around the bodyguard and transformed into the greatest set of clothes they had ever laid witness to.

"How…did you make something like this?" Tssrah Noikatol had barely finished his sentence when the bodyguard expended another unit of Prana, retracted the suit in its suitcase form, and placed it back in the respective crate.

"It's my family's secret." Inala smiled wryly and bowed in apology, "Please excuse me for being unable to share it with you."

"Were the Bollutiya Kingdom's expertise weaving clothes?" Tssrah Noikatol stared at his aide to ask, still unable to comprehend the scene he had witnessed.

"There's no records about it." The aide shook his head, "The Bollutiya Kingdom was a decently prosperous Kingdom but their collapse was brutal when they became arrogant and offended one of the Mammoth Clan's Lady Mothers."

"Lady Mother 43rd," Inala said with a pondering expression, "I remember my father talking about her with terror. She singlehandedly faced multiple Life Stage cultivators, ripped their bodies apart brutally, and rained the skies with their blood."

"Are…Mammoth Clansmen so powerful?" Tssrah Noikatol sighed as he asked his aide, "Have you seen one before?"

"No," The aide shook his head, "But I have records from people who had fought against Mammoth Clansmen in the past. It's something I purchased from a group of refugees fleeing one of the regions I had been exploring."

"At the same Grade, a Mammoth Clansman can face at least five to six Free Humans." The aide sighed, "Multiple sources claimed the same, so I fear it's the truth."

The Bollutiya Kingdom was located in a nutrient-rich region where crops grew in large numbers. However, there were hardly any decent mineral deposits there, which made it impossible for them to build powerful Human Avatars.

But the place was situated on an elevated platform of earth that reached a height of four hundred metres. The edges were rocky cliffs filled with protruding spikes that made climbing it impossible for the Pranic Beasts in the region.

The only route was a manmade path dug through the rock, wide enough for two people to walk side-by-side. This route led to the top of the elevated platform, which was a lush green patch of earth. One side was slightly more elevated than the other and at its top was a geyser, funnelling water onto the platform.

From the higher end, the water formed multiple streams to reach the lower end, creating a fertile land where crops grew plenty. There was almost no fluctuation in weather, with the same being true for the geyser too, resulting in stable crop yield throughout the year.

This allowed the Bollutiya Kingdom to grow in safety, having more than enough food to consume for their necessity. Countless centuries ago, their ancestors fled to the region out of desperation. Over the years, their population had increased to an extent where they began to nurture the ambition of becoming an Empire.

Whenever they wanted minerals, they had to form expedition teams that left the safety of their home and had to roam large distances, stockpile the necessary resources, and return, hopefully intact. The losses they suffered were immense, but their ambitions were even greater.

It was during one such expedition that they came across majestic Deities whose every step thundered the earth, causing them to gawk in bewildered awe. That was when the leader of the expedition sought a round of discussion with the Mammoth Clan.

Eventually, a trade agreement was created between the Mammoth Clan and the Bollutiya Kingdom. Once a century, the Bollutiya Kingdom would give the Mammoth Clan close to a hundred thousand tonnes of grains.

These grains would be specially cultivated for the Mammoth Clan's needs. With a shelf life exceeding a century, they were perfect for the trade. Since their society was based on agriculture, the Bollutiya Kingdom researched the field extensively during the long time of peace they had.

Creating grains with such a long shelf life was within their capabilities. And every year, a portion of their farmland would be reserved for cultivating this grain. Once harvested, the grains would be packaged and labelled with their harvest year in accordance with the Mammoth Clan's 100-year path.

This way, the Mammoth Clan would consume these grains in order of their shelf life. The ones consuming these grains were predominantly the Empyrean Tusks, which allowed them to conserve more energy than usual, which worked to their benefit.

And in exchange for the grains, the Mammoth Clan traded with the Bollutiya Kingdom dozens of tonnes of minerals, from Iron Grade to even small batches of Silver Grade minerals. The Silver Grade minerals were reserved for the upper class of the Kingdom, which gave them lifespan ranging in the centuries.

Thanks to their superior lifespan, the upper class was alive to witness multiple Mammoth Clan visits. This made their cooperation stable, allowing both sides to prosper in response. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The Bollutiya Kingdom bought as many Storage Lanterns as their finances could handle, storing all their minerals in these lanterns. The expedition teams also carried their goods using the Storage Lanterns, which drastically increased their success rate, allowing them to head deeper, into more dangerous regions.

This was now compatible with the Gold Grade mineral, allowing him to become the first Gold Grade existence of their Kingdom. However, achieving greatness was easier said than done, especially through the Gold Grade.

Eventually, one of the teams encountered a Gold Grade mineral, which sparked the Bollutiya Kingdom's ambition to its zenith. One of their royalty succeeded in modifying an existing cultivation technique from the countless Free Human cultivation techniques they had purchased from the Mammoth Clan.

This was now compatible with the Gold Grade mineral, allowing him to become the first Gold Grade existence of their Kingdom. However, achieving greatness was easier said than done, especially through the Gold Grade.

The cultivation technique was barebones at best and required significant improvement. This royal was unable to build more than twenty percent of his Human Avatar, remaining stuck in the Body Stage.

However, to realise their ambition, he began to have multiple kids and made them practice the cultivation technique too, using their experiences with the same to improve the technique, gradually building more and more of his Human Avatar.

As usual, the Mammoth Clan arrived to trade, with the trade representative designated for this time being Lady Mother 43rd, Zahaella. That's when disaster struck as one of the princes with Gold Grade strength misbehaved with her and was instantly beheaded by her.

He had a Gold Grade Human Avatar but had barely built five percent of it. So, even when he activates his Human Avatar, only a small portion of his body changes into his Human Avatar form. The rest remains human, easy to destroy.

Moreover, he only had one Skill, one that was still in development stages. Even the King had only built thirty percent of his Human Avatar and had two Skills. Conversely, Zahaella practiced Mystic Bone Art, was armed with dozens of Skills, one Prime Skill, had been through battles all her life, possessed Silver Grade strength, and a cultivation of 6-Life Stage.

Once angered, she transformed into the Rockatrice within the royal palace and engaged in a slaughter. When the royals with Gold Grade strength retaliated, Yahard Tusk joined the fight alongside a group of masters with Silver Grade strength.

"The Bollutiya Kingdom was destroyed overnight, because they offended their Lady Mother 43rd." Inala sighed as he explained their background to Tssrah Noikatol, "Zahaella was just one of their 44 Lady Mothers."

"That's how strong they were," Inala concluded.

Virala was silent throughout the process, his thoughts complex. He knew the history Inala was talking about, in equal detail. Inala gained the information from Gannala while he obtained it from Luttrena in the form of a Bone Slip.

Every piece of information that Luttrena could get a hold of using her status, she had given to Virala in the short few months they had interacted. Virala had her completely wrapped within his grasp, making her move as his whims dictated. 'Those were the good old days.'

He sighed while scanning through women from the Noikatol Kingdom and subtly shook his head, 'I just don't feel interested in any of these commoners.'

For a moment, he stared at the sky, 'One of these days, I must obtain Yahira. Only she kindles my interest.'

He hurriedly controlled himself upon realising that he was getting turned on by the thought of Yahira and put on a poker face. Like an obedient friend, he watched Inala weave a tale that cemented their background, past, motives, and everything along the line of thought.

Virala didn't interfere and silently absorbed everything Inala said like a sponge, 'So, that's how this bastard crafted the tale of Loot. The more I hear him, the more I feel he's speaking the truth, even when I am aware that it's all bullshit.'

"My father had a lot to say," Inala sighed and patted his aching body, "But I'm not young these days, so my memory has been failing me. I apologise if I couldn't provide all the details."

"That's alright," Tssrah Noikatol sported a wide smile in response and beckoned Inala and Virala to be seated on a stone table arranged by his soldiers, "Let's talk more while we feast on some delicacies, alright?"

"It has been my pleasure to hear more about things from beyond this place." Tssrah Noikatol stared at Inala and said, "Sir Binala, we're pretty similar in age, so let's address each other without honorifics."

"It's the least amount of respect I can give to an expert craftsman such as your benign self."

"It has been a while since I talked to someone as intelligent as you." Inala made a respectful bow, "There are many things from my journey that I wish to share and if possible…ask for your wisdom in areas I am confused about."

"I'm happy you attach such weight to me, brother Binala." Tssrah Noikatol changed his tone and addressal spontaneously and was all smiles as he began to converse.

"Today's my lucky day, brother Tssrah." Inala laughed alongside Tssrah Noikatol and began to talk about a variety of things as if he had been through them all. Only Virala remained privy to the truth, silently taking notes on the way to bullshit his way through things.

'I am getting inspired.' Virala let out a subtle grin after a while.



Chapter 714  Societal Cancer

"I'll be honest with you, brother Binala." Tssrah Noikatol said after a couple of hours of nonstop conversation, "The Noikatol Kingdom has recently aligned itself with the Varahan Empire. We'll begin migrating once their envoys arrive here."

"How did you make contact with them in the first place?" Inala asked, intending to get a better understanding of the Varahan Empire's means.

"A team of Free Humans with Silver Grade strength entered the Petrichor Savannah and found us." Saying so, he took out a safe kept chest from his belongings and opened it, revealing the tip of an Empyrean Boar tusk inside, one inscribed by a stamp that displayed it as a belonging of the Varahan Empire. "This is proof of their authenticity."

His hands trembled as he touched the horn, "The Gold Grade presence emanating from this horn says everything I need, especially since it's that of the Empyrean Boar."

"Have you confirmed whether or not the Varahan Empire is real?" Inala frowned and displayed concern for Tssrah Noikatol, "Anyone can easily spread misinformation these days. I've experienced it plenty of times myself."

"Had it been anyone else, I would have doubted their claims too. After all, their offer was too good to be true, especially since they cannot get anything of value from my Kingdom." Tssrah Noikatol sighed as he shook his head. His expression then became one of confidence as he stared at Inala, "But I can trust the Varahan Empire."

He pointed at the Empyrean Boar horn, "Even though we've been almost cut off from the outside world, everyone knows of the birth of the Empyrean Boar King."

He stated solemnly, "All our calendars begin counting from the day of his birth, marking this as the era of the Empyrean Boar King. And even here, it's common sense that the Empyrean Boar King is the last member of his race."

His expression became zealous as he eyed Inala, "If the horn of an Empyrean Boar has been sent here, it means that the Empyrean Boar King now has children. And considering his nature, no thief could steal a horn of his child and survive to tell the tale."

'I banged even his wife.' Virala thought at the side while keeping a poker face, 'And Resha brutally slaughtered two of his daughters. Both of us are still alive.'

"That is the reason we trusted those envoys." Tssrah Noikatol stated, unaware of Virala's thoughts, "Since I had nothing to lose, I accepted the proposal. In a couple of years, something called a railway will be laid to this region and connect us to the Varahan Empire."

"They said we could keep living as we did but with a greater purpose, strength, and comfort. That was our promise." He clapped his palms together in respect, "The envoys assured us that we could travel between our home and the Varahan Empire as we wish. It might seem absurd, but the Varahan Empire is ruled by a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, so anything's possible."

"I also heard his wife is a Mystic Grade Free Human. So, as Free Humans, we can live and thrive in the Varahan Empire."

"You make a convincing point, brother Tssrah." Inala nodded and looked around, "But did the envoys leave?"

"Yes," Tssrah Noikatol said with a somewhat sullen tone, "I wanted them to remain as guests of honour, but they said they had to make arrangements to absorb us into their Empire."

"That is unfortunate," Inala chuckled wryly, "I would have loved to gift them my latest creation. Oh, speaking of it…"

Inala motioned at the bodyguards to bring one of the crates forward that he opened and showed to Tssrah Noikatol, "It's against my merchant creed to give away any product for free, but I'll make this an exception, brother Tssrah. Please pick a suit that catches your fancy."

"I assure you that this will be unlike anything you've felt."

"You're honouring me a lot, brother Binala." Tssrah Noikatol laughed freely and looked through the crate before picking a slab of wool whose shade he preferred.

"Pour a unit of Prana into it," Inala said and gave the other party some more instructions, following which everyone at the place heard Tssrah Noikatol's exclaims.

"Is it possible for a cloth to feel this good? The defensive strength alone is terrifying. My Kingdom also has clothes made from Balghat wool, but none of them come even remotely close to this in terms of quality." Tssrah Noikatol forgot that he was a King and praised the suit nonstop, asking Inala in the end, "Can I name it?"

"Yes, it'll be an honour." Inala nodded with a smile. And once Tssrah Noikatol finished admiring the suit, Inala asked gleefully, "Say, brother Tssrah. What do you plan to do once you enter the Varahan Empire?"

"What do I do there?" Tssrah Noikatol tilted his head in confusion, "I don't think I get your point."

"You'll no longer be a King there. You'll have to take up a job to make a living, especially since the lifestyle at an Empire must cost a fortune." Inala said. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Is that how things are?" Tssrah Noikatol stared at his aide.

"Using Parute Fruits as currency? Is something so absurd even possible?" Tssrah Noikatol sighed at his weakness. The Petrichor Savannah had its fair share of Parute Trees, but all of them were scattered, and alone.

"I'm not aware of the details myself, but the Brimgan Empire has a marketplace that is rumoured to sell everything that exists on Sumatra. The currency they have there is supposedly backed by Parute Fruits, though I have no idea what that means. But they even use Parute Fruits as currency. I fear it's similar in the Varahan Empire."

"Using Parute Fruits as currency? Is something so absurd even possible?" Tssrah Noikatol sighed at his weakness. The Petrichor Savannah had its fair share of Parute Trees, but all of them were scattered, and alone.

Every Parute Tree was guarded by at least a couple thousand predators, making it impossible for the Noikatol Kingdom to get anywhere close to it. Tssrah Noikatol could count using his fingers the number of times he held a Parute Fruit.

Therefore, he couldn't imagine a situation where Parute Fruits weren't consumed immediately upon procurement but were used as a currency. Letting out a deep sigh, he shook his head, "That's beyond my comprehension."

He then stared at Inala to ask, "Brother Binala, you seem more aware than me in this regard. May I know what you have in mind?"

"It's these," Inala said and pointed at the suits in his crates, "Even at an Empire, they should sell for a lot of money. I think we can form a business with this."

"But isn't that your trade?" Tssrah Noikatol frowned, remembering what Inala had told him, "You did say that you wouldn't leak your family's trade secrets to others."

"Yes, and I intend to keep it that way." Inala nodded and explained himself, "But that's only in regards to weaving these suits. There's plenty of tasks left to be done for it, which I hope your side could do."

From capturing to rearing Balghats for wool, keeping them well fed, and breeding the Balghats with the greatest quality, texture, and shade of wool; Inala hoped the Noikatol Kingdom would take care of it.

And once he receives the wool, Inala would form a yarn out of it before beginning his weaving process, making as many suits as he could. Following that, a group of people would work on dyeing the suits as necessary, increasing the variety of products they could sell at the Varahan Empire.

Moreover, once they head to the Varahan Empire, they need people to man the shops selling these goods, work on customer service, and even provide after-sales service.

"There's a lot of things to do," Inala concluded in the end, speaking upon seeing Tssrah Noikatol's pondering gaze, "I'll only be in charge of weaving the suits."

"I understand what you're getting at, brother Binala." Tssrah Noikatol nodded before he stared at Inala with a hardened gaze, "But, do you wish to join the Varahan Empire? I thought you intended to remain a nomad."

"I still do," Inala nodded before letting out a wry smile, "But I'm also growing in on age."

He then pointed at Virala, "The two of us are the only ones alive in our group. And I have no idea where the other survivors of the Bollutiya Kingdom have gone towards. So, when you talked about joining the Varahan Empire, I was honestly interested."

He chuckled, "After all, Empires are the safest, right?"

"You're right about that." Tssrah Noikatol chuckled before extending his hand for a shake, "I haven't become a part of the Varahan Empire yet. But as the King of the Noikatol Kingdom, I extend my greetings to you, brother Binala."

"Thank you for becoming one of us."

"The pleasure's all mine." Inala got up and shook hands with a content expression. He then stared at Virala, "What about you, Kvirala? Do you plan to remain a nomad or join us?"

"Do I have a choice?" Virala let out an exhausted sigh, instantly keeping up with the act, "The number of times I faced death today is the highest in my life. Guess it's time I draw a line and settle somewhere safer."

"The weak don't have a choice."

"Speaking of the weak," Tssrah Noikatol stared at Virala and then eyed the bodyguards, "I thought you would have at least one cultivator in the Body Stage."

His gaze lingered on Virala, "You seem battle-hardened and talented enough to be in the Body Stage."

"I used to be," Virala laughed helplessly, "Or rather, I was at the 2-Life Stage before I messed up."

"That was my fault," Inala let out a forlorn sigh, "Since we had extra lives, I became a bit careless and entered a Centinger's nest."

"Of all the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts you could have targeted…" Tssrah Noikatol muttered in a daze, "I've seen them a couple of times in my life. They're incredibly strong, and that strength is the reason they can afford to be docile in these dangerous wilds."

"You're right," Inala laughed while yawning a little, "We were confident in our youths. But once our Spirit Containers were destroyed by the Centinger's Primary Nature, we fell to the Spirit Stage and could no longer enter the Body Stage. After that, the two of us had been roaming Sumatra."

"You always behave as if it's not that important when the fault lies on your side." Virala snorted from the side, his voice barely audible.

"What did you say?" Veins popped up on his forehead as Inala glared at Virala.

"You heard me." Virala nodded with a triggered expression, "Or is old age failing your ears too?"

"Look at this old fart…" Inala chuckled with an expression of disbelief and complained to Tssrah Noikatol, "Did you see my fate, brother Tssrah? I had to journey with this ungrateful bastard."

"Ungrateful?" Virala got up with a start and charged towards Inala, "You're the ungrateful fuck! I lost my life's cultivation because of your stunted intelligence and a damn overinflated ego."

"What can you do other than knit some clothes? Huh?"

"My clothes were what fed us!" Inala raised his voice, "Didn't you happily stuff your face with the money I got from selling my clothes at the Alcarcse Kingdom? And what do you think about the woman to whom you whispered sweet nothings at the Duromak Kingdom? Who do you think funded that entire fiasco?"

"Are you deluded enough to think a beautiful woman would dare give a fart to a broke, average fuck such as you?"

"Don't you dare comment shit about my face! Women lined up to me back in the day!" Virala bellowed, "Oh, I get it. You're jealous. This is about Saynael, right? Was it my fault she liked me and not you?"

"Move on, Binala! That was three decades ago…!" Virala stopped speaking once a fist impacted him on the face. He twirled exaggeratedly and collapsed to the floor, glaring in anger as he was propped up by his bodyguards, "Binala, you fuck! You dare hit me?"

"Take her name one more time, and I'll shatter your teeth," Inala said with a cold tone, his expression icy. Blood dripped from his fist as he punched Virala in the teeth, getting wounded in response.

"What will you do? Punch me again?" Virala snorted and raged further, preparing for a fight.

"Enough!" Tssrah Noikatol bellowed and unleashed his presence as a deterrence, speaking once Inala and Virala had paused, "You're not young enough to fight each other. Maintain some decorum before the younger generation, will you?"

"I apologise, brother Tssrah." Inala expressed a bit of struggle before he slumped on his stone seat and calmed down.

"I went overboard too." Virala twisted his expression violently before exhaling a long breath, following which he turned silent and nodded to show that he wouldn't kindle the past events any longer.

"Good, good." Tssrah Noikatol nodded in relief and instructed his soldiers to make preparations to depart soon, "Our destination is twenty kilometres away. Let's reach there before nightfall and set up camp. Can the both of you keep up pace?"

"Even if we cannot, they'll carry us." Inala pointed at the ten bodyguards accompanying them, "They have been following us ever since we saved them decades ago."

"They are…loyal." Tssrah Noikatol nodded before beginning to command the Noikatol Kingdom. He thought he had stopped the fight between Inala and Virala. But never in his life would he expect that the fight was a mere act.

However, the angry exchange between Inala and Virala cemented their fabricated past as genuine. After all, it seemed too real to be a fabricated lie.

Whether it was Tssrah Noikatol or the rest of the people part of his Kingdom, they had never witnessed an elaborate lie before and hence didn't have the experience to see through one, especially since they had limited to no knowledge of the world beyond Petrichor Savannah.

Inala and Virala began to walk, not sparing a glance at each other. However, both knew that the first phase of their plan was a success.

'Now, I need to tweak their disposition before the Varahan Empire envoys arrive.' Inala thought as he walked beside Tssrah Noikatol and converted with the latter, for a moment eyeing the people of the Noikatol Kingdom, 'These people will become cancer that collapses the Varahan Empire's society.'



Chapter 715  Domesticating Noikatol Kingdom

Twenty years since the Second Major Disaster!

It had been close to two years since the duo of Inala and Virala joined the Noikatol Kingdom. They had fully integrated themselves into the Kingdom's fold, becoming no different from the rest of the people.

They were given roles as aides of Tssrah Noikatol due to the value they presented to the Kingdom from their knowledge, experience, and skills. As aides to the King, they had a decent say in the workings of the Kingdom.

Currently, accompanying a team of soldiers was Virala, in tow with four kids who were in their early teenage years. The team gradually stalked behind a group of Balghats when Virala nodded at the four kids.

They each picked up a rock and readied themselves as Virala pointed at a tree for each, "That's your destination, that's yours, head there, and that'll be the one you run past."

"Got it!" The four kids nodded in response when Virala positioned them in the direction of their respective Balghat.

Virala stared at the soldiers and observed them nod in response, signalling that they were ready to take action. Immediately in response, he grunted, signalling the four kids as he rushed out, "Now!"

Iron Strengthening Art!

It was a cultivation technique Virala had created by watering down Mystic Nature Art to the limit and making it compatible with Free Humans. The result was a cultivation technique that applied the effect of psychokinesis onto the body, strengthening it physically.

There was a significant chasm's difference between the reinforcement effect Iron Strengthening Art provided and what Virala wielded. However, this was the excuse he had prepared when asked about his cultivation technique.

Since he had never gone all out during his time at the Noikatol Kingdom, no one knew the peak physical capability he could generate. The constrained output he displayed was similar to the peak capacity of the Free Humans using Iron Strengthening Art.

Virala rushed at the closest Balghat and threw a rock at it when he was twenty metres from his target. He then slowed down, maintaining pace until the Balghat turned around. He made it seem like he stopped in a hurry when it had turned, pausing a metre before it.

Just before it could activate its Primary Nature, he turned around and sprinted at his peak speed, his Prana detection means keeping a close watch on the Balghat that had begun chasing him.

He watched the tree approaching him from the front and purposefully slowed down, bringing him within a comfortable range for the Balghat to activate its Primary Nature. The wool covering it expanded in an effort to envelope him when Virala activated his psychokinesis to the limit and abruptly jerked himself, swerving to the right.

The wool missed him and fell on the ground, shrinking into a compressed ball due to its contraction. And in that moment, after its Primary Nature had been activated, the vision of the Balghat had been blocked by the wool.

The wool prevented it from noticing the approaching tree and slammed into it, lodging its horns into the trunk of the latter.

Rolling on the ground to safety, Virala got up in a hurry upon hearing a loud thud and observed the Balghat had been trapped for a few seconds, 'Good! With its physique, it cannot move back easily and would need at least a few seconds to break free from the situation.'

He then stared to the side, smiling upon seeing the four children practicing Iron Strengthening Art had barely managed to succeed too. Their bodies were covered with bruises from rolling on the ground, but thankfully for them, they avoided direct contact with the Balghat.

Once the five Balghats were stuck, the soldiers rushed at them with their whips and lashed out multiple times, following which the group fled to safety, avoiding the enraged herd of Balghats.

Eventually, the herd began to leave while the five Balghats that had been targeted by the whips were too exhausted to keep up pace, being separated from the herd eventually. The soldiers targeted them once again and caused them to faint from exhaustion.

"Our hunting efficiency has ballooned to a great level." One of the soldiers commented as he stared at Virala, "It's thanks to you, Sir."

"Yeah, it's thanks to you, Teacher." One of the kids thanked Virala, followed by the rest.

"It'll be my life's achievement if I can manage to impart all my skills to you kids before this pile of old bones cannot move any longer," Virala said and patted the four kids.

"You're still young, Teacher!" One of the kids pouted, "You'll live for a long time."

"You might even live past us, since you're so cool." Another kid commented in admiration.

"You're a genius, Teacher! The best! An enigma!" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"You are…" The last of the four kids couldn't find anything unique to praise Virala and just picked up some words from the rest, "You're the coolest enigmatic genius, Teacher who'll live long."

"I got your point…" Virala controlled his urge to facepalm and sported a gentle smile, continuing in a warm tone, "Let's practice some more once we return home."

"Yes!" The four kids were jubilant at another successful hunt. Their team had been maintaining a hundred percent success rate in all their hunts, making them the most accomplished team in the Kingdom already.

Every single time, they brought back five Balghats, the highest of all teams. Initially, when the kids didn't have much experience and had only begun to learn Iron Strengthening Art, Virala did most of the work.

But in recent times, they were performing their tasks evenly.

Moreover, one of the kids crossed twenty units of Prana at the tender age of sixteen, which was extremely high in the Noikatol Kingdom. That was enough to be labelled a genius in these parts.

The four kids assisted the soldiers in loading the Balghats onto a carriage each, following which the team pushed them toward the camping location of the Noikatol Kingdom.

"I'm excited!" One of the kids exclaimed in anticipation, "It's just a matter of time before the Varahan Empire's railway arrives here. I want to showcase my talents to the envoys."

"If only I had more than twenty units of Prana, I could have partaken in a piece of that glory too." Another kid commented in envy.

"Will the envoy even bother with us?" The third kid asked with hesitation, "The last time they appeared, they only talked to our King and never spared a glance at the rest of us."

"That was a long time ago. We've become stronger since then!" The fourth kid said and stared at Virala, "We even have someone as amazing as Teacher guiding us through cultivation."

"Teacher, what do you say?" The first kid stared at Virala, "Will the envoy be amazed by my cultivation?"

"Not really," Virala shook his head, speaking upon seeing the dampened moods of the four kids, "But they'll be in a state of disbelief if you can hunt a Balghat on your own without sustaining any injuries."

"Really?" All four kids asked in excitement.

"Yup," Virala nodded and sneakily added in a statement casually, "But even if they don't, so what? We only need to make them understand our awesomeness!"

"We're awesome, aren't we?" The kids parroted his statement, their faces beaming brightly upon getting his affirmation.

"What…about us, Sir?" Once the kids began to pull a cart faster in excitement, two of the soldiers hesitantly approached Virala and asked, "Will the envoys care to put us in their eye?"

"The weakest at the Varahan Empire has Silver Grade strength." Virala said and patted the shoulder of a dispirited soldier, "But we'll excel not in the Grade of our strength, but in the Grade of our accomplishments."

"Grade of our…accomplishments?" The soldier muttered in a daze, feeling like he was on the verge of attaining enlightenment.

"Who do you think is more valuable?" Virala posed a question while sporting a pondering expression, "A soldier that cooks or a soldier that kills?"

"Is it not the soldier that kills?" The soldier expressed his doubt.

"Will they matter?" Virala laughed, "The Varahan Emperor is a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The Empress is a Mystic Grade Free Human. And all their children are in the Gold Grade. Is Silver Grade strength even important to them when it comes to killing their foes?"

"…No!" The soldier shook his head, "Deities do not need the strength of us mortals."

"You're right," Virala nodded, "So if you can cook, you can actually serve a delicious meal to the Emperor and Empress."

"You're absolutely correct, Sir!" The soldier said in enlightenment, "Production roles will have significantly more value in the Varahan Empire."

"Now you're thinking on the correct track." Virala laughed, "And depending on your skill in terms of production, you'll be significantly more valued than all those Silver Grade envoys."

"After all, the taste of food doesn't depend on your Grade, but your cooking skills. Every production field is similar."

"Thank you for broadening our horizons." All the soldiers bowed towards Virala in response, "No matter how things change in the future, if there exists something clouding our judgement, we hope to seek your wisdom."

"As long as the old heart in this pile of bones thumps with life, I'll help guide you through the darkness," Virala said, smirking internally upon seeing the zealous expression on the faces of everyone.

'Fuck you, Inala. The number of people fanatically worshipping me is currently superior to yours.' Externally, he remained calm, but internally, he was shadowboxing, 'I beat you in your best field, bastard! Now, it's only a matter of time before I surpass you in every field you pride yourself in.'

Though they never expressed it openly, Inala and Virala realised that the best way to maximise their capabilities is to put their egos at stake and have a competition. Who among the duo can achieve their goal the best?

It was a simple race but one with devastating consequences for their enemies.

By evening time, the team returned to the Noikatol Kingdom to be greeted with the sight of thousands of carts filling up the place, with each being pulled by a Balghat that had been tamed and domesticated over the past two years.

The moment he arrived, a group of people rushed to him and showered him with attention.

"Sir Kvirala, please look at the fabric I dyed for you. It suits your manly mane."

"Teacher, I've perfected the jump you taught me."

"Look at me, teacher."

"Teacher…"

'Hehe, this is my victory, Inala!' Virala grinned as he smugly glanced in the direction of an old man seated on a cart while eating a fruit resembling a watermelon, spitting out the seeds rhythmically while dangling his legs carefreely like a kid.



Chapter 716  What Else?

'Heh!' No matter how much he tried to restrain himself, Virala failed to control his lips from curling up in smugness as he stared at Inala, relishing his sense of superiority.

Inala noticed the change in his expression, wondering what was the reason behind Virala's sudden smugness, 'Did he finally go senile? No, he was senile from the beginning. Maybe he embraced his true nature, which is to be a senile geezer.'

He didn't care too much about that and continued to enjoy eating his watermelon-like fruit. His legs continued to dangle, happy for multiple reasons. First of all, Inala had fully adapted to his new life as a Spirit Stage cultivator with limited strength.

Secondly, he had sharpened his mind to a decent extent, which was enough to handle stuff at the Noikatol Kingdom. And third, Virala had no idea what was about to hit him next.

"Sir Binala, are you excited about meeting the envoy from the Varahan Empire?" A middle-aged man whose strength had plateaued at the Spirit Stage, unable to cross thirty units of Prana approached Inala and expressed his curiosity.

"Excited? Why would I be excited?" Inala asked the question nonchalantly, as if it was natural to ask one.

"That…" The middle-aged man was unable to find an answer as he looked around in a fluster. Soon, he seemed to have an idea as he said, "We'll be able to live in an actual house!" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"We can build a house on our own." Inala said and stared at the carriages, "Didn't we build these in the past two years? We are living in homes that can move about without limitations."

"You're right…" The middle-aged man nodded with a confused expression before asking, "Then, why are we joining the Varahan Empire?"

"Because they need us," Inala said in confidence.

"They…need us?" The middle-aged man was confused, staring at a group of middle-aged women who had joined the conversation, "Does anyone have an idea about this?"

"No…" The women shook their heads one after another before uniformly gazing at Inala.

"Try to think," Inala simply let out a smile and patiently urged them to use their brain cells.

"They need food," The middle-aged man said first.

"How far away do you think the Varahan Empire is?" Inala stared at the middle-aged man.

"What does distance do with food?" The middle-aged man scratched his head.

"Go and gather a patch of Peucra Grass from that hill." Inala said and pointed at a hill situated ten kilometres away, "And eat it."

"Eh?" The middle-aged man's confusion increased as he stared in the direction of his carriage, "I have loads of Peucra Grass in my carriage. Why would I go so far…"

"Exactly," Inala grinned, "You think food will be lacking at the Varahan Empire? And even if they lacked food, do you think it is realistic to come here every time they want food?"

"You're right!" The middle-aged man nodded in realisation, slapping his forehead, "I was a fool to have suggested that."

"Don't worry about something as insignificant as being labelled a fool." Inala said with a mild, admonishing tone, "The more you think, the smarter your deductions and decisions can get, even if you are not smart enough."

He then stared at the group of women, "So, what do you think is the reason? Why is an all-powerful Varahan Empire inviting us to be a part of their fold?"

"They need our…power?" One of the women commented before shutting up, remembering who was the Varahan Empire's Emperor and Empress.

"They need us!" Finally, after multiple wrong attempts, one of the women shouted in excitement, "They need us!"

"Yes, that's the answer." Inala nodded, waiting patiently as the crowd that had gathered around him clapped to praise the woman. Once the cheers died down, he asked, "Now, why do you think they need us?"

"Sir…!" The group of women groaned in protest, feeling as if their heads were about to burst, having not focused on thinking for such an extended duration of time.

"Go on, keep trying. I believe everyone here can arrive at the answer on their own." He said before glancing in the direction of Virala, "If none of you can guess, I'll send Teacher to some other place."

"No! Not teacher! We'll try!" Contrastingly to their age, the crowd behaved worse than children, protesting with drawn-out voices.

"They need our cultivation technique?" One of them asked, laughing sheepishly when Inala shook his head.

"Our food?" The middle-aged man from before said in reflex before realising that he was an idiot. He hurriedly changed his answer, acting as if it was a slip of the tongue and corrected himself, "Cooking! I mean our food products and cooking!"

"That's part of the answer." Inala nodded before getting multiple answers similar to the middle-aged man's. After multiple minutes passed in such a fashion, he revealed the answer, "They need our labour."

"Labour! It makes sense!"

"Ooh! So, that's why!"

"Sir Binala is smart!"

"Probably smarter than Teacher!"

"Now, onto the real question," Inala grinned upon seeing the expressions of dread on the faces of every one part of the crowd. "How much does the Varahan Empire value our labour?"

"A lot?"

"Very much!"

"That much?"

"Ultra much!"

"Whether to cook food, gather ingredients for cooking, farming the products, guarding the Empire, constructing houses, etc. you need labour." Inala continued with a slow pace, ensuring even the dumbest of the lot could catch drift of his thought process, "Without enough people, the Varahan Empire's society cannot function."

There were pretty much vague answers, following which Inala shook his head, 'Seems they haven't reached this level yet. But it's fine, I'll guide them for the time being.'

"Can the Noikatol Kingdom exist without everyone?" Inala asked, chuckling upon seeing everyone shake their head in response, "That's exactly it."

"Whether to cook food, gather ingredients for cooking, farming the products, guarding the Empire, constructing houses, etc. you need labour." Inala continued with a slow pace, ensuring even the dumbest of the lot could catch drift of his thought process, "Without enough people, the Varahan Empire's society cannot function."

He pointed at each individual among the crowd, "You, you, you, you, and you, even you…"

"We're all here to make up numbers and populate the Varahan Empire." Inala announced as he spread his arms wide, "That's why they are spending Parute Fruits like water to bring the railway to us."

He then pointed at one of the people in the crowd, "What's a railway?"

"You explained it only two days ago," The man nodded in confidence.

"For the seventy-sixth time," Inala said and urged gently, "Tell me about it then."

"Uh…" The man looked around in confusion before shouting, "It's a carriage!"

'Might as well roll with it!' Inala sighed a little and said, "This carriage will bring us straight to the Varahan Empire. So, what do we do once we arrive there?"

"Boast about Teacher!" One of the kids in the crowd shouted, followed by cheerful laughter from the people around him.

"After that?" Inala asked, watching with patience.

"Paint teacher's face everywhere!" Another kid announced while giggling. She had received painting lessons from Inala and had reached a level where she could perform rough graffiti.

"What else?" Inala raised his voice mildly.

"Greet our neighbours!"

"What else?"

"Charm the neighbours!"

"What else?"

"Consume the neighbours!" There was a sudden avarice displayed in the eyes of the people in the crowd.

"And how will you do that?" Inala raised his voice another notch higher.

"By inviting them home for dinner!" The crowd answered in unison.

"When will you do that?" Inala's voice was decently loud now.

"During the fortieth joint dinner!" The crowd answered.

"And why the fortieth?" His voice was no longer conservative.

"Because they'll consider us friends by then!" The crowd echoed.

"How will you consume them?"

"Their minds!" The crowd reverberated, infecting the rest of the populace with the fervour.

"Explain! What minds?" He bellowed.

"In times of hunger, pigs are edible!" The crowd said as if brainwashed.

"Again! Repeat after me!" Inala shouted.

"In times of hunger, pigs are edible!" The crowd began to chant.

"I can't hear you!" Inala roared, hearing the chant from the crowd reach new heights.

"And," His voice became its loudest, taking on a sudden sense of confusion, "What if they aren't hungry?"

"Eh?" The crowd became baffled, reverting to their original, perplexed faces.

"Sir Binala, what do you mean by that?"

"Are you hungry all the time?" Inala stared at the person who questioned him, "No, right?"

"It'll be the same everywhere!" He raised a finger and shushed the crowd into silence, "So, you need to make them hungry."

He then pointed at the Balghat harnessed to the closest carriage, "And how exactly will you cause hunger?"

"By eating?" The crowd replied in a trance.

"By eating what?" Inala asked.

"Food!"

"What?"

"FOOD!"

'That should be enough for today!' Inala said and snapped his finger, using the sound to break everyone free from the effects of the subtle brainwashing he had been performing on them. He neither used a Nature or Skill, but simply relied on repeated learning of the same information.

This way, even if the people didn't fully understand it, the concept became no different from a folk song to the people, which was what he had been steadily gearing it towards. Adding onto a tune and the Noikatol Kingdom's slang, the discussion they had earlier was almost like a song.

It wasn't perfected yet, as it had only been two years. Inala needed time to study their culture, generic disposition, cultural habits, etc. and as he learnt them, he was steadily tweaking them, little by little, using knowledge as a weapon to add in foreign bits while stealthily removing the original bits.

He was subtle with the actions to the extent even the Noikatol King didn't notice anything amiss. Even the fiasco he pulled currently escaped Tssrah Noikatol's radar.

"So, what do we do when we're hungry?" Someone from the crowd asked when Inala pointed at a Balghat as if it was common sense.

Inala then walked away, noticing Virala glare at him in confusion, "What's with that ugly face you're making?"

"I was just staring at you…" Virala grumbled before asking, "What are you making them sing?"

"Oh, just a nursery rhyme." Inala shrugged.

"You know Yarsha Zahara has most probably learnt the language, slang, culture, and customs of this place. Whatever you're attempting here won't work on her." Virala said.

"What do you think I'm attempting here?" Inala stared at Virala and raised an eyebrow.

"Fuck if I know," Virala snorted, "It just seems like you're trying to instigate them into killing Empyrean Boars."

"If that's what you take from it, then I'm not worried." Inala laughed, "How will you stop something when you have no idea what I'm attempting?"

He stared at Virala and chuckled, "It'll be the same for Yarsha."

"She's not finding anything suspicious other than a somewhat offensive song."

"Are you playing around?" Virala's eyes almost popped out in frustration, "Don't tell me you wasted two years just to troll around a bit?"

"You're right!" Inala waved his hand and walked away.

"What the fuck is going on in that mind of his?" Virala barely suppressed his urge to pluck his hair in frustration, pausing to realise he had already pulled out a few strands. He then stared at Inala's back and at the strands of hair in his palm, "I feel like I'm missing something extremely simple here."



Chapter 717  Petrichor Station Overseer

"What is that?"

"Is something like that even possible?"

"How are they so powerful?"

"Empires are impossible to comprehend."

The Noikatol Kingdom had gathered at a large, open spot, situated in a location with the least amount of vegetation in the Petrichor Savannah. Their bodies trembled as they stared at an artificial rocky hill being constructed at speeds visible to their naked eye.

Primary Nature—Gracious Inheritance!

Tiny figures walked in and out of the hollow section within the artificial rocky hill, Prana flashing out of their Human Avatar to condense into large, rocky chunks unleashing a suppressive effect.

Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

It was the Primary Nature of the Rockatrice, an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. The Varahan Empire had captured a large number of them and relocated them into its territory, following which they were reared for use.

An adult Rockatrice gave birth to as many offspring as possible. The healthy ones were set aside to be nurtured while the remainder were consumed by Wean Clansmen and turned into Natures that they bestowed upon Free Humans working on the railway project.

Everyone dispatched on the railway project had reached the peak of the Body Stage, while the overseer had entered the 2-Life Stage. As all of them had Silver Grade strength, they were a force to reckon with, especially since the entire group numbered in the hundreds.

Of them, eight were involved with the construction of the rocky hill that would serve as a Station in the Petrichor Savannah. Constructing the station using Rocky Intimidation was to keep it safe from external harm.

This way, no Pranic Beast from the region would unnecessarily target the Station and damage the setup established within it.

Close to four hundred Free Humans worked tirelessly deep underground, moving to and fro in their Human Avatar forms.

A shade of pale orange on a texture of ivory, coarse to the touch, with black hues along the joints; the appearance was distinct, for the Human Avatars were made using Vara, a mineral obtained through grounding the tusks of Empyrean Boars.

The concentration of the black hues varied slightly based on the Empyrean Boar the respective Vara was sourced from. Over the years, the Free Humans were able to identify the disposition of each other based on the black hues when they assumed Human Avatar forms.

When a Free Human receives Vara from a Wean Clansman, they become part of the respective Clansman's force, aligned to them from all societal standpoints. Unless the Wean Clansman dies, they were stuck with that person and could only cultivate through the Vara they obtained from the Clansman.

Technically, the Gold Inheritance Art didn't restrict them on the Vara they could consume to forge a Human Avatar. The tusks of all Empyrean Boars could be ground into powder and built into their Human Avatar.

But Yarsha Zahara intended to form a sense of collective belonging in the Free Humans, forcing them to protect her family. As a result, she created this societal rule, which forced a Free Human to only receive Vara from one Wean Clansman for the rest of their life. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

This ensured that, whether from an emotional standpoint or simply in terms of benefits, the Free Humans would give their everything to protect the Wean Clansmen they had aligned towards. And the greater the quantity of Vara a Wean Clansman could produce, the larger the force they could operate.

The resources they were able to amass also increased accordingly.

Pranic Beast Nests!

The Varahan Empire maintained thousands of Nests, with each belonging to a Pranic Beast race. The respective race was grown there, similar to poultry for the sole purpose of consumption of their Natures by the Wean Clansmen.

A Wean Clansman's wealth was directly related to the number of Pranic Beast Nests he/she controlled, for Natures were used as a currency in the Varahan Empire.

And, the best way to control more Pranic Beast Nests is to exert influence in the terrain where the respective Pranic Beasts lived. As a result, Wean Clansmen with a decent amount of power expanded outward, sending envoys deep into Pranic Beast territories where a decent chunk of Free Humans lived.

These people were recruited into the fold of the respective Wean Clansman while a railway would be laid connecting the place to the Varahan Empire. Following that, the newly recruited people would be granted Silver Grade strength through Vara Human Avatars, following which they would hunt for Pranic Beasts from their native region.

The Pranic Beasts would be captured and enslaved, gradually turned into entities similar to poultry through selective breeding, and made part of a Nest. When the time is right, the Wean Clansman would arrive at the region through the railway and consume as many Pranic Beasts from the Nest as necessary and grant the Natures to the Free Humans who contributed the most.

Rearing Pranic Beasts netted the maximum benefits in their native region where their numbers ballooned without issues. Many Wean Clansmen were of this opinion, including MunuBuntara, the Wean Clansman who intended to spread his influence through the Petrichor Savannah.

The Varahan Empire had a rule that only Wean Clansmen at the Life Stage could expand their influence into other regions and control such regions. Born 12 years after the Second Major Disaster, MunuBuntara was talented enough to reach the 2-Life Stage at the age of five, following which he sent a team of Envoys to the Petrichor Savannah.

Petrichor Savannah was one of the regions mapped out by the Varahan Empire's scouts as a suitable location for expansion by the Wean Clansmen. But it wasn't placed much value due to the lacking resources of the place.

However, the region itself was vast enough that MunuBuntara was interested, prompting him to purchase exclusive rights of ownership and development to the place. These rights were a system Yarsha Zahara installed in place to ensure Wean Clansmen didn't fight each other.

Therefore, once MunuBuntara purchased the rights to Petrichor Savannah, he was the only one allowed to make contact with the Free Humans of the region, develop the place, and basically do whatever he wanted with it.

Once he received the rights, he immediately sent the Envoys to make contact with Tssrah Noikatol and brought the Noikatol Kingdom under his wing. And now, the Free Humans under him were working on establishing the railway, connecting the Noikatol Kingdom to the Varahan Empire.

"Steady!" An overseer in charge of creating the tunnel for the railway shouted as he managed the Free Humans under him. Pointing at one of the spots, he shrieked, "The gravity is weak there. It'll create a shock when the railway is travelling through the spot and damage the goods. Correct it immediately!"

"Yes!" One of the Free Humans who had been resting got up in response to the shout and walked towards the spot. He activated his Human Avatar and unleashed the effects of one of the Iron Grade Natures he had been bestowed with.

Nature—Drifting Tunnel!

It was the Primary Nature of the Shifting Ants, one of the three races native to the Guna Caves. Their power formed the fundamental pillar behind the railway network.

The Free Human activated Drifting Tunnel and applied its effects on the spot to faintly tune the effects of gravity so that it was in sync with the rest of the tunnel. Otherwise, any irregular concentrations of gravity would gradually accumulate dust to grow in size and eventually become an obstacle within the tunnel.

These irregularities would continue to appear while the tunnel is in operation due to various causes, such as wear and tear of the walls of the tunnel where the effect of Drifting Tunnel was radiating from, the forces of gravity waning over time, or any external factors that might damage the setup.

Even the simplest release of Prana from a Free Human could cause some changes, which would quickly accumulate over time due to the volume of traffic using the railway. So, regular maintenance was a necessity.

One team was in charge of finishing the tunnel, one team laid down railway tracks, and one team was in charge of logistics, providing supplies from food to medicines and even Elixirs, when necessary. Finally, the last team finished the rocky mountain, which acted as a natural fortress that protected the Railway Station.

"Tssrah Noikatol?" The overseer in charge of building the Station approached the Noikatol King and introduced himself, "I am Wepetay, assigned by Lord MunuBuntara as the Petrichor Station Overseer. If you're fine with it, I intend to walk you through the process of becoming a part of the Varahan Empire."

"Y-yes, it's my pleasure." Tssrah Noikatol intended to maintain his dignity but found himself shrinking meekly in the presence of Wepetay, a 2-Life Stage cultivator with Silver Grade strength. All Free Humans in the Varahan Empire had Silver Grade strength.

The fact that he had established himself as one of the closest underlings of MunuBuntara spoke volumes of his prowess, which was head and shoulders above his peers. As a result, the sheer presence he emanated was overbearing for Tssrah Noikatol who had witnessed Silver Grade existence only a few times in his life.

"Please don't be intimidated by me." Wepetay noticed Tssrah Noikatol's state and patted the latter casually, "We'll all become part of the same force in the future. I am not sure if it's possible for you at your age, but your children and grandchildren will come to possess the same strength as me."

His expression hardened a little, "You're still the Noikatol King, so you need to maintain your title's dignity. After all, once you're absorbed into the Varahan Empire, Lord MunuBuntara will take over your identity as the Noikatol King."

"That is…my honour!" Tssrah Noikatol felt it hard to believe upon hearing that his successor would be a Wean Clansman, one with Gold Grade strength at that. It instantly elevated the line of Noikatol Kings to grandeur, one they could all be proud of.

"When a Wean Clansman gains control of a territory, they'd take up the identity of the Free Human Kingdom that had existed there." Wepetay stated, in pride, "This is to honour the Kingdom's history forever, so that we'll never forget our past, no matter how strong we become in the future."

"Following the customs dictated by the Empress, Lord MunuBuntara will rename himself as Lord MunuBuntara Noikatol." He continued, "He'll officially be crowned as the Noikatol King by the Emperor once he gains control over this region."

Wepetay then stared at the people of the Noikatol Kingdom who stared at the Station in amazement, "For that to happen, we need to educate your people first. Following that, our team of experts would carefully destroy the Human Avatars of all the children, youths, and able-bodied adults. We'll train you until all capable ones enter the Body Stage and attain Silver Grade strength."

"Only after that will we enter the Varahan Empire using the railway."

"How…will you teach us?" Tssrah Noikatol expressed his confusion, "None of us have a formal education or even any written records for the matter. All our Information Slips contain limited records."

"That's not an issue." Wepetay smiled and raised his hand, following which a Free Human brought forward a suitcase, opening it to reveal a delicate glove.

"This is…?" All Tssrah Noikatol could feel was a strange presence emanating from the glove. But he had no idea as to what it was. "What is it exactly?"

"A Glove Slip," Wepetay stated in absolute pride, "One of the legendary inventions among countless in the Varahan Empire."

"Wear this," He prompted Tssrah Noikatol, following which he handed over a piece of Empyrean Boar's tusk to the latter, "Now, read this Information Slip."

"I can only use an Information Slip made out of Katol…" Tssrah Noikatol stopped speaking, gawking in shock to see that he could access the piece of bone as an Information Slip, experiencing a surge of information in his mind space.

"Don't be shocked by just this." Wepetay laughed and gently nudged a Noikatol King petrified by the sheer incredulity of the item in his hand, "At this rate, you won't last until we enter the Varahan Empire."

"What you're witnessing is a mere speck of dust when compared to the Varahan Empire's legacy!"



Chapter 718  Checkpoint Inala

With the addition of the Glove Slip, a large volume of information contained within the Empyrean Boar tusk poured into the mindspace of everyone who touched it while wearing the Glove Slip.

The dressing sense of the Varahan Empire, the currency in effect, the prices of goods, a list of the various facilities available there, details about MunuBuntara, the jobs available under him, etc.

Mingling among the rest of the people from the Noikatol Kingdom was Inala, wearing the Glove Slip naturally when it was his turn as he grabbed the Information Slip in the form of an Empyrean Boar's tusk.

"Thank you," He stared at Wepetay and placed the Glove Slip on the table before him. Wepetay had taken seat on a small rock created using Rocky Intimidation by one of the Free Humans using the Nature. This enveloped him with an intimidating air, raising the amount of respect the people gave him.

The people of the Noikatol Kingdom formed a long line and approached the table before Wepetay one after another, following his instructions as they wore the Glove Slip and grabbed the Empyrean Boar's tusk, accessing it like an Information Slip to obtain a large volume of information regarding their absorption into the Varahan Empire.

"Hmm," Wepetay nodded nonchalantly, not paying much attention to someone like Inala who didn't stand out from the rest of the crowd. He only had sixty units of Prana, which was nothing in the eyes of any Free Human from the Varahan Empire.

Wepetay tried his best to refrain from any acts of arrogance or display of ego, aware that he was once in their position too. It was why he empathised with the people of Noikatol Kingdom and interacted amicably with them.

However, the fact of the matter was their difference in strength. He was at the Life Stage with Silver Grade strength while a majority of the Noikatol Kingdom's people were only at the Spirit Stage. So, even if he tried to talk to them, they were intimidated by his presence.

It was why he limited himself to casual nods while trying to keep an eye on anyone who caught his fancy. Inala didn't catch his eye, as the latter didn't stand out from the rest.

'Gold Inheritance Art…' As he walked away, Inala thought calmly, 'She has improved it further. As expected, Yarsha Zahara is dangerous in this field.'

His gait was slow, eyeing the figure of Virala who remained in the line, muttering softly when the two brushed past each other, "The race…begins."

'This fucker is only getting serious now?' His face convulsed in anger for an instant before Virala masked his emotions, trying to put on an amicable expression.

"Teacher? Did you fart?" A kid standing right behind him asked with an innocent expression while holding his nose.

"What makes you think that?" Virala stopped himself from cursing reflexively, exercising restraint as he asked.

"Your face convulsed for a moment before relaxing," The kid said, "My brother does the same whenever he farts."

"This Teacher of yours never farts." Virala said and pointed at the figure of Inala, "But he does, all the time. Back in the day, we hailed him as the Fart King."

"Strange…" The kid trailed off before staring at Virala's face, "But Sir Binala said the Fart King title belonged to you."

He then continued, "And I just confirmed it by seeing your face. All of us have been keeping a watch on your face. So, whenever it scrunches up like that and relaxes immediately after, we know you've farted."

He then smiled shyly before saying, "We keep count…"

'I will murder that bastard!' Virala's face became incensed for an instant as he glared at Inala before reverting to his peaceful visage, remembering the identity he was playing as. He then noticed the kid grinning, "What?"

"Teacher, you farted once again." The kid chuckled and covered his mouth.

Virala stared at the kid in a daze for a few seconds before he figured out what was happening, 'So, Inala spun a lie accounting my facial expressions as signs of farts. But I've never farted before others during my time here. So, how did he manage to make them believe it?'

He expanded his Prana detection means before feeling a mild prickle. He extended his hand backward and noticed a small seed stuck to the back of his shirt, expertly hidden within a fold in the cloth.

He picked it up and stared at it, sniffing a little as his face convulsed, 'This stinks the same as a human fart.'

He then felt a faint adhesive coating on the seed, analysing the process, 'This guy must have sneakily stuck it to my shirt when he brushed past me. Using his words, he triggered me and took advantage of the situation to make it seem like I was farting, thanks to the stink produced by this seed.'

'But the question is…!' He stared at the figure of Inala who had walked far away by now, 'How long has he been doing this that it became a game for the kids to keep track of?'

While Virala was wreaking his head about the motive behind Inala's actions, the person in question had walked away from the crowd, having stopped under a lone tree sporting depressions made using the horns of Balghat horns.

Closing his eyes, he focused on the information of Gold Inheritance Art and compared it with the Gold Inheritance Art given to him by Orakha. 'She's focusing on improving the side-effects of holding multiple Natures in the Human Avatars and has also increased the retention capacity of the cultivators.' Nôv(el)B\\jnn

All Natures unleashed their influence on their respective beings. For the Free Humans with Vara Human Avatars, holding multiple Natures meant a diversified influence that chaotically harmed them.

The side effects were exactly what Empyrean Boars faced due to their Primary Nature of Voracious Nature, which allowed them to accumulate multiple Natures in their body. Thereby, once Gold Inheritance Art was completed, Yarsha Zahara had been focusing on improving it in two aspects.

The first aspect was to limit the influence felt by the Free Humans as much as possible. This way, they wouldn't go craze. The second aspect was to increase the duration for which they could store a Nature in their Human Avatar.

The longer a Nature remained in their Human Avatar, the greater its influence would seep into the body, mind, and soul of the latter. Eventually, even if the Nature is used up, the side-effects accumulated from its influence would remain in the Free Human.

The second aspect worked on allowing the Free Human to store a Nature for a longer duration before the side-effect takes root. This allowed them to go on longer journeys through the wilds.

By comparing the two versions of Gold Inheritance Art, Inala obtained a clearer insight into Yarsha Zahara's thoughts. Following that, he activated Gold Inheritance Art once, feeling a mild pain in his chest.

Activating another cultivation technique would strain the Spirit Container and cause it to lose Prana permanently in response. However, before Inala lost Prana, the pain in his Spirit Container vanished, allowing him to gradually use Gold Inheritance Art.

'Indeed, it's a disgustingly powerful ability.' Inala thought in regards to the Spirit Weapon Lock that had been used to seal his Spirit Container. As a power unleashed through a combination of six Minor Treasures, it was terrifying.

It was a speciality of the Brimgan Emperor and only the Emperors had abilities unleashed through a combination of Minor Treasures. The Brimgan Empire had an arsenal of Minor Treasures, allowing them to experiment with the effects generated through a combination of the same.

Of them, Spirit Weapon Lock was Brandal Brimgan's power. The reason Inala specifically sought that was for a simple reason—it was exemplary with its effects.

Not only was his Spirit Container sealed but Inala's cultivation was perfectly reduced to the Spirit Stage. And as the power system at the Spirit Stage dictated, him having a Prana capacity of 60 meant he had 60 Spirit Containers.

As he focused on it, Inala observed the cluster of Spirit Containers on his actual, sealed Spirit Container. As long as the Spirit Container Lock was in effect, Inala's current body would never regain its Royal Zinger power.

Moreover, with how long the Spirit Container Lock had been in effect, the false Spirit Containers that exhibited Inala's Spirit Stage strength were adapting to his body.

Gold Inheritance Art was created with the intent of replacing a Free Human's existing cultivation technique with minimal damage. It was how cultivators at the Body Stage were able to shatter their Human Avatars and rebuild their strength through the Spirit Stage.

When their Human Avatars were shattered, their strength didn't fall all the way to the minimum where they retained one unit of Prana in their bodies. No, though it varied from person to person, the Free Humans retained a good chunk of Spirit Containers at the Spirit Stage, allowing them to reach the Body Stage in a shorter time.

Gold Inheritance Art was created to not conflict with other cultivation techniques. Instead, it behaved like a parasite. It first took root in the Spirit Container and consumed the influence generated by the previous cultivation technique until it fully consumed the latter and occupied the Spirit Container.

Following that, it would stably maintain the cluster of Spirit Containers and allow the cultivator to begin rebuilding strength once again. And once they reach the Body Stage, they can build a Vara Human Avatar.

'I too should be able to do the same.' Inala thought as he observed the cluster of sixty Spirit Containers, 'Let's see, should I do it or not?'

He had a choice now. First, he could continue with his current state at the Spirit Stage and enter the Varahan Empire as the lowest member of its society. Second, he could begin cultivating Gold Inheritance Art and see where that takes him.

Maybe he might explode the moment he enters the Body Stage using Gold Inheritance Art. Maybe the moment Gold Inheritance Art takes root in his Spirit Container, Mystic Royal Art would eradicate it. Or maybe when he enters the Body Stage, the Spirit Container Lock would expand its effect and swallow the newly constructed Spirit Container too, reverting him to the Spirit Stage.

He could either experiment or continue with his original plan. He had accounted for both possibilities, which was the primary reason he approached Boul Brimgan to be hit with the power of Spirit Container Lock.

After a few minutes of contemplation, Inala chuckled, "I don't remember hesitating any time in my life."

Following that, he walked away, erecting more than two hundred metres of distance between him and the Piezo Slip while forming a small apparatus.

He calmly began to walk away, heading as far from prying eyes as possible. He opened his mouth and unleashed a Piezo Slip onto a sturdy piece of rock, engraving everything he had experienced in it.

Following that, he walked away, erecting more than two hundred metres of distance between him and the Piezo Slip while forming a small apparatus.

The apparatus was a simple fan stuck to a stick that was wound with wool and placed in a holder. Once Inala was ready, he tugged the wool with all his might, causing it to spin the stick in a process similar to how spinning tops on Earth functioned.

As the stick spun at tremendous speeds, the fan generated a lift and began to fly, assuming a state of flight when immediately, a figure appeared beside it.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

The Royal Zinger stared at the Piezo Slip engraved on the rock and seeped Prana into it, hearing the resulting Zinger shriek that poured in a vast stream of information into its mind space. It consisted of everything Inala had been through in the past few years, from the time he left the Ravaged Federation to the moment a few minutes ago.

"Alright, have fun." The Royal Zinger stared at the figure of Inala standing two hundred metres away, nodded once, and vanished, ensuring to destroy the Piezo Slip and erase the fan along the way. It had also sneakily planted a Biome Bomb at a secure location, from where another body of Inala could emerge and take his place upon his death—in the event of a mistake.

'Now that I have transferred all my experiences to my main body, it's no different from having a checkpoint.' Inala grinned and began to use Gold Inheritance Art, 'Let's see what happens next!'





Chapter 719  Two Maniacs

By trying to survive the wilds at the Spirit Stage, Inala had largely sharpened his senses. Now that he had transferred all his accumulations to his main body, he was no longer worried even if he died. After all, the fruits of his labour had already been harvested.

The Biome Bomb sneakily left by the Royal Zinger contained a large terrain within, followed by an apparatus that was constantly in a state of flight. If Inala were to die for some reason, the Royal Zinger would know immediately, for it would now be able to condense a second body once again.

It would first send that body to the Brimgan Empire and ask Harla Brimgan to use Spirit Container Lock on its Spirit Container once again. Following that, it would place the Major Treasure of Flight within the new body. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The Major Treasure would transport that body of Inala to the Biome Bomb in the Petrichor Savannah, following which the Major Treasure would return to the Ravaged Federation, next to one of the devices in flight there.

The Royal Zinger would fuse with it once again and resume work.

In the meantime, the new body of Inala could take the place of his dead self, relying upon the Piezo Slips placed along the way to be brought to speed on everything the old Inala had been up to.

With the Royal Zinger's preparations, this entire process could be achieved in a matter of minutes. The longest segment of time consumption in the process would originate from Harla Brimgan. The longer she delays, the later Inala's new body could arrive at the Petrichor Savannah.

'But, it's still pretty convenient.' Inala smiled, for the Major Treasure of Flight gave him abilities that were pretty much unimaginable. Even if he didn't have any Prana in his body, all he needed was a stick, a thread, and a decently aerodynamic leaf that could be spun like a rotor. The entire setup would take a minute or two at most on the fly.

And if Inala makes some preparations, he could collect some useful items that could be used to assume flight. And that was all he needed to summon the Royal Zinger, wherever he wanted. It was a level of versatility in mobility and freedom that no one else in Sumatra could enjoy.

And if Inala makes some preparations, he could collect some useful items that could be used to assume flight. And that was all he needed to summon the Royal Zinger, wherever he wanted. It was a level of versatility in mobility and freedom that no one else in Sumatra could enjoy.

Moreover, Inala was pretty sure the Royal Zinger had already begun constructing the Quip Clan's home high up in the skies above the Dieng Canyon using the Major Treasure of Flight's Influenced Region.

Influenced Region—Floating Biome!

A fortress in the skies that was extremely hard to reach without flight. And with the Royal Zinger controlling who and who cannot fly, the Quip Clan's home will become terrifyingly safe.

Slowly, while sporting a smile, Inala returned to the Noikatol Kingdom while beginning to practice Gold Inheritance Art. He kept himself prepared to unleash a Piezo Slip an instant before death. This would allow his new body to reclaim all the necessary information and continue along his route as if nothing amiss had happened.

'But, whenever I'm taking risks, I should ensure to remain alone.' Inala thought. This way, no one would see his corpse and another body of his replacing the original.

Once he arrived, he noticed a concerned Virala seated alone on a stone, away from everyone else. His expression was fluctuating, intimidating the people from the Noikatol Kingdom who wished to approach him.

"Are you constipated?" Inala asked as he approached Virala, shrugging upon being met with a fierce glare from the latter. He stood in silence for a good ten minutes before taking a seat beside Virala, being the first to break the silence, "So, what's troubling you so much? You can talk to me, I guess."

"I'm just wondering if it's worth it." His expression was serious as he pointed at his chest, "This body isn't at maturity, but the amount of resources I consumed to grow it to this level is astronomical."

"I know, since you did grow it using my Biome Lattice." Inala nodded, "So, what's the issue with that?"

"Mystic Nature Art…" Virala muttered, "Since my Spirit Container has been sealed and I've been alive at the Spirit Stage for more than a year, my cultivation technique has already become buggy. And now, Gold Inheritance Art is like a parasite that has infiltrated Mystic Nature Art and is slowly consuming it from the inside."

With a concerned expression, he muttered, "This is troublesome."

"I understand," Inala nodded, getting Virala's point. Gold Inheritance Art wasn't a concern here. No matter how sneaky it was, it couldn't bypass Mystic Nature Art, considering the supremacist level with which the latter functioned.

The moment someone has knowledge of Mystic Nature Art, they either adapted to its rules in a year or died, irrespective of who they were. No external influence could harm it.

Therefore, if it wanted, it could instantly erase Gold Inheritance Art. However, it wasn't doing that currently, for Virala's current state was challenging its authority. Anyone who begins to cultivate it should attain the Body Stage without a year. Or, they'll die.

But thanks to Spirit Container Lock, Virala had been alive at the Spirit Stage for five years, a scale five times the limit set by Mystic Nature Art. That was a direct blow to the rules set by it.

Mystic Nature Art was a powerful cultivation technique that elevated Sumatra's power system to a whole other level when it was created. After all, it brought in the Mystic Humans, the strongest category of Free Humans.

But at the end of the day, it was a part of the cultivation system while Major and Minor Treasures operated beyond the power system. When Virala obtained Gold Inheritance Art, he felt curious about it and activated it once, which was when he noticed his Mystic Nature Art being silent at the influence generated on him by the new cultivation technique.

Originally, the Spirit Weapon Lock should have been destroyed naturally by his body. After all, Mystic Humans were free from external influences. That was the fundamental aspect with which they functioned.

Even Gannala's attempt at brainwashing baby Ruvva was only effective for a temporary time before Ruvva regained her memories. Even the Nature Weapon created using a Mystic Human was the same. It would have eventually shattered and reverted the Mystic Human to his original state had Gannala not used Maroppa's power on it and used it on her Nature Weapon of Empyrean Boar Transformation.

That was its power. However, it was not being reflected in Virala thanks to Spirit Container Lock which completely sealed up its power. He hadn't thought of it much originally, thinking that it was simply sealing his strength.

He was still the same Mystic Human Virala as before. But once he used Gold Inheritance Art, he came to a frightening realisation. Spirit Container Lock could be used to counter Mystic Humans and overcome their fundamental advantage of being immune to external influences.

Virala didn't even have a method to counter Spirit Container Lock other than to operate at a distance beyond its range of effect. However, once it takes effect, on either him or one of his Mystic Humans, he would be helpless against it.

And once it takes effect, the Mystic Humans were as good as dead. After all, they all had the power of a Spirit Eater. Without the power of a Mystic Human keeping them immune to external influence, the influence from Sumatra's Transcendent Eater would bombard them and turn them insane.

The moment he realised it, his expression twisted horribly. After all, creating a counter to Spirit Container Lock was only possible through the usage of multiple Minor Treasures, and even then, there was no guarantee.

After all, Brandal Brimgan used eight Minor Treasures to unleash Spirit Container Lock. His eight Minor Treasures were currently embedded in the eyes of the Influenced Region of Golden Giant by Orakha.

Harla Brimgan could replicate the same ability through a set of six Minor Treasures, which meant that throughout his life, Brandal Brimgan had devised multiple minor Treasure combinations to unleash Spirit Container Lock.

And after his death, Harla Brimgan took on his legacy to keep improving his ability.

"That's the issue," Virala said, "Thankfully, we can ally together since Mystic Humans are just Free Humans standing at the pinnacle of our race. But if this knowledge falls into the hands of Yarsha and she manages to create a similar ability through a combination of Minor Treasures…"

"It's an issue only when our enemies learn about this." Inala said as his eyes shone coldly, staring at Virala, "And unless we leak it, they wouldn't know something like this is possible. Even we stumbled upon it just now and I don't think anyone else is daring to take such risks."

"Yes, but it's better to plan against it, just in case they encounter it too." Virala sighed, "I'm going through the entirety of Brandal Brimgan's memories, but I can't find any information that gives me ideas to think of a counter."

"Minor Treasures…huh?" Inala nodded and stared at Virala, "Let's keep thinking in that field until we come up with an answer. Until then, we'll go ahead with our plan."

Saying so, he got up and dusted himself, "I am going to practice Gold Inheritance Art."

"Are you…insane?" Virala stared at Inala before he burst into laughter, "I shouldn't have asked something I know the answer to."

"Fine," He said with a glint, "It is frustrating, but I welcome a challenge."

"We'll perfectly infiltrate their home and hit them from right under their noses."

"Yes," Inala chuckled as he waved his hand, "I need to go do my thing. You do yours too."

His eyes shone in excitement as he glared at Virala, "As I said before, let's see which one of us collapses the Varahan Empire's society first."

"It's a race!"

"Fine, you're on!" Virala snorted, "And I am pretty far into the race."

"Overconfidence is a poison, idiot!" Inala snorted, "And there is no destination point that we have to race towards. It matters naught if you're in the lead or not."

"The winner is the one who causes the Empire to collapse."

"And I'll be the one to do that," Virala said and got up slowly, his expression steady, his breathing calm, confident even. He walked alongside Inala as the duo slowly made their way to the Noikatol Kingdom's camp.

He extended his hand in the direction of Inala, forming a fist, "Let's see which one of us is the bigger maniac."

"Sure," Inala bumped his fists with Virala's. The duo split as they approached a group of people and resumed their work, intending to reach the Body Stage somehow so that they'd be brought into the Varahan Empire.

And the day they set foot inside is when their plan begins in full swing.



Chapter 720  Vara Palm Stitch

"Hmm…hmmm?" On a bright morning, Inala walked out of his tent, carrying a bag of wool filled with medicines provided by the Varahan Empire. They were meant to help the people from the Noikatol Kingdom cultivate faster and reach the Body Stage.

Only those at the Body Stage were allowed to enter the Varahan Empire. Of course, that didn't apply to the citizens birthed in the Empire.

If Inala wanted to gain a legal entry into the Varahan Empire, he had to enter the Body Stage first. And that was easier said than done. He focused on his Spirit Container, feeling the same cluster of sixty Spirit Containers as usual.

It had been three months since Wepetay had arrived at the Petrichor Savannah. No matter how much medicines Inala consumed, the moment he built an extra Spirit Container, the Spirit Container Lock took effect and swallowed the sixty-first Spirit Container.

This kept his strength stagnant, which was exactly what he had asked Boul Brimgan for in the first place. It also meant that whatever Inala had been trying at present hadn't exceeded the capacity of Spirit Container Lock.

As a result, no matter how much he tried to build up his strength, he was unable to proceed beyond his current level. Hence, he thought of two directions to proceed forward from this point onwards.

For the first direction, he was calmly walking until he was away from the line of sight of everyone, including Pranic Beasts. He slowly entered a cave that he had been carving out in the past three months using Tangible Piezo Slips.

It was secluded enough for him experiment without worries of being discovered.

"Let's begin." He placed the wool bag on the floor and began to take out vials of medicines from within. Following that, he began to mix them in a delicate order, infusing Prana into the mixture from time to time until he created a Low-Grade Elixir which when consumed would give him exactly the amount of Prana necessary to enter the Body Stage.

After resting for a few minutes, he downed the Elixir and cultivated Gold Inheritance Art, using its process to steadily build up Spirit Containers. Spirit Container Lock didn't take effect immediately, since Inala began to combine them into a singular whole, the process a cultivator went through to go from the Spirit Stage to the Body Stage.

Usually, a cultivator attempted it upon accumulating a hundred Spirit Containers. After all, attempting the process any earlier was foolish, since a singular whole wouldn't happen without hundred Spirit Containers. That means whatever they tried to fuse would collapse, bringing them down to a Prana value of one unit.

However, Inala had enough expertise with the process to begin the process early. He also maintained pace with it, ensuring he didn't fuse the sixty Spirit Containers into a singular whole. He kept a leeway of twenty Spirit Containers during the process.

When he was fusing the fortieth Spirit Container into the singular whole, the effects of the consumed Elixir built his 61st Spirit Container. The duality of Spirit Container—with the fused whole belonging to the Body Stage and the individually built Spirit Containers belonging to the Spirit Stage—bought Inala enough time from the effects of the Spirit Container Lock.

He had been experimenting with it to understand its functions for the past three months, figuring out this method along the way. There must either be a cluster of Spirit Containers or a singular whole before Spirit Container Lock can take effect.

Using this to his advantage, he began to steadily build himself up to a hundred Spirit Containers, following which he fused the last of it to create a singular whole, succeeding in crossing the Spirit Stage.

However, to properly enter the Body Stage, he would have to fuse Vara into the Spirit Container to stabilise it. He did have the necessary amount of Vara for the purpose, as everyone part of the Noikatol Kingdom had been given equal portions.

Since the Varahan Empire had complete control over the Noikatol Kingdom now, they weren't concerned about the Vara being misused. Well, there was no use for it other than to be used as a mineral.

And only those cultivating Gold Inheritance Art could make use of it. Moreover, even if a third party were to use it, they were still dependent on a Wean Clansman to obtain Natures from. This was why the regulations placed on Vara was limited.

Since Inala wanted to give an attempt, he was awarded the necessary amount of Vara to enter and stabilise his strength at the Body Stage.

"Keuk!" He felt like he was consuming ash as Inala threw a small pinch of Vara into his mouth and gushed it down with some medicine. Once it entered his stomach, Gold Inheritance Art resonated with the Vara and circulated it through his digestive system until faint particles of Vara dissolved into his blood.

As the blood circulated through his body and entered his heart, the particles of Vara in it were absorbed by the Spirit Container. This was how every Free Human built their Human Avatar.

Body Stage! n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The moment Inala stabilised his Spirit Container, the power behind Spirit Container Lock swallowed it, reverting his growth. He felt his newly gained strength leaving him, causing him to sigh as he found himself back at the Spirit Stage once again, with sixty Spirit Containers.

Once he introspected himself, he found that these Spirit Containers were new, containing the influence of Mystic Royal Art and not Gold Inheritance Art. 'It makes sense. I can consider these Spirit Containers as a product of Spirit Container Lock. They're not a part of my actual Spirit Container.'

That's why he was able to switch to another cultivation technique without facing any rejection from his body. After all, Mystic Royal Art was built from him, the Royal Zinger.

The first direction of using an Elixir to reach the Body Stage was a failure since Spirit Container Lock swallowed the growth, including the Vara used to stabilise the Spirit Container. "Well, that's how things go. Can't expect to succeed every time."

He got up, cleaned the place, and decided to return to his tent for the time being.with his first direction failing, he gained a better understanding of his current state. Since his current Spirit Containers weren't actually his, and products created by the Spirit Container Lock just to allow him to wield strength at the Spirit Stage with a Prana capacity of sixty units, he could become reckless with them.

There wouldn't be any repercussions, since all he would be doing was to experiment on borrowed strength. That led him to the second direction, which needed a bit more time and accumulation to succeed with. He wasn't going to use Gold Inheritance Art but rather Mystic Royal Art.

After all, every batch of Spirit Containers that Spirit Container lock creates were based on his Spirit Container. They resembled a cultivator who built a cluster of sixty Spirit Containers using Mystic Royal Art.

Inala slowly stared at the print on his palm, chuckling as he felt like the lines were talking to him. 'This will grant me what I want.'

Six months later, he returned to the cave with another batch of medicines and began to create two Low-Grade Elixirs. And just like with the first direction, he consumed the Elixir and used Gold Inheritance Art, building himself to the Body Stage where he stabilised it by consuming a pinch of Vara.

But before Spirit Weapon Lock could pull it within its embrace, Inala made an incision on his chest and poked himself with expert precision.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Extraction!

He unleashed its effect using Mystic Royal Art, stressing his Spirit Container for an instant. But before it shattered, he had extracted it and placed it in a vial for safekeeping.

The Spirit Container Lock recreated another sixty Spirit Containers as Inala consumed the second Low-Grade Elixir and activated Mystic Royal Art. He poured the contents of the vial on the palm on his right and emitted a large flux of Prana.

Mystic Royal Art—Palm Stitch!

Strings of Prana latched onto the Spirit Container stabilised through Vara and began to mould it into a form resembling clay, following which it was spread across the palm print. Sweat dripped down his forehead as Inala relied on the Prana supplied by the Elixir to maintain the Skill of Palm Stitch.

Soon, the Spirit Container had been transformed into a long string and overlaid on his palm print. Once it was done, he clenched his hand into a fist and relaxed, repeating the action a few times, "It feels a bit weird, but I can get used to the feeling. After all, even if they are fake, the Spirit Container Lock created them by using my Spirit Container as reference."

Therefore, he'll adapt to the sensation eventually. With that, he stared at his palm print, feeling the Silver Grade presence emitted by the Vara in it.

It was pretty stable, since the power he used was Palm Stitch, which was how the Nature of Prana Stitch was naturally birthed in his body at the palms.

Inala would have to repeat the process multiple times before the Vara on his palm print could store a Nature. Its volume wasn't significant enough for now. But the fact that he had succeeded meant Inala could work on this direction, 'I need to change my plans a bit, but it's not too much of an issue.'

"Plans have to keep up with the changes." Grinning in response, he focused on his Spirit Container, "Thanks to this, I have a better idea now."

Since he figured out a way to take further advantage of the power of Spirit Container Lock, it was time he infiltrated Varahan Empire while maintaining his current state as a Spirit Stage cultivator.

"Once the Vara in my palm print becomes concentrated enough to hold an Expert Iron Grade Nature, I can enter the Varahan Empire in earnest." He let out a long breath and returned to his tent with an excited expression.



