Chapter 331  Be Happy as a Beggar

When the 104th Empyrean Tusk slipped and fell, causing the caravan to be destroyed in the process, Virala used the chance to be flung far away.

Rolling on the ground a few times, he came to a stop behind a mound, partially hidden from view of the Mammoth Clansmen. His moustache seeped into his Storage Lantern and grabbed a Nature Weapon, ready to swap.

Right as he had expected, a Decaleech leapt out of the ground and coiled its tendrils around him, forming a cocoon.

Gold Nature Weapon—Artillery!

This was the Nature Weapon with the Primary Nature of a Centinger upgraded to the Gold Grade during the Centinger egg hunt. Virala activated the ability and released large amounts of toxins that melted through the tendrils.

Following that, he unleashed an artillery strike, reducing the Decaleech to tatters. He controlled his power though and didn't go in for the kill, actively avoiding its Spirit Container. But as he focused on its tendrils, the Decaleech was now immobilised, with all its ten tendrils destroyed.

While it was unable to move, he approached it and touched it once, understanding the conditions necessary to use his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation on it. He started by rolling on the ground five times, making spring-like movements, barking like a dog twice, etc.

Majority of the conditions were simple to achieve. Eventually, he slit his wrist and dropped his blood on its body, watching it be absorbed readily. He grunted, feeling his body turn cold as he hurriedly downed a bunch of medicines and activated Mystic Bone Art in order to replenish his blood as soon as possible.

The last condition was troublesome, which was to feed it blood until it had its fill.

Virala looked around, observing Yahard Tusk take action in a daze, 'So that's the Silver Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature.'

"Haah," He exhaled softly as his eyes glinted in desire, "I want it."

Yahard Tusk had yet to develop a second Nature. Meaning, the only ability in his disposal was his Primary Nature, which meant Virala could use Weaponisation on him and steal that ability.

All three Natures of an Empyrean Tentacle were the best of its Grade, from Iron to Gold. Currently, Orakha possessed the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power, which allowed him to revive once a day, an absurd ability that guaranteed survival.

Yahard Tusk had the Silver Empyrean Tentacle's power, which allowed him to condense Prana into any physical shape as he pleased. It was damn versatile.

And finally, there was Raaha, possessing the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power that allowed him to basically create any terrain he thinks of. Absurd couldn't even come close to describing this absolutely overpowered ability.

Currently, all three of an Empyrean Tentacle's Natures were in the hands of the Mammoth Clan, 'Which implies that if I manage to make all three into Nature Weapons.'

Just the thought alone caused him to break into laughter, 'Mystic Grade Nature of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. I wonder how overpowered it is. Considering how even the Boar King remains on guard against the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, its ability should be equally terrifying.'

"Let's not get ahead of ourselves," He shook his head and focused on the task at hand, watching the broken caravan continue to proceed forward. At this rate, he would be left behind, but Virala wasn't flustered in the least. After all, he had his means to survive.

Stage 1—Tusk!

The Empyrean Tusk's tusk appeared in his hand as a weapon; Virala held it in reverse grip and seeped the power of the Gold Grade Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery. Following that, he made a slash and severed the body of a Decaleech—that had leapt at him from the ground—into two.

When its tendrils coiled around his body, he used the tusk to cut through it easily. He then poked a hole in its body and poured all its blood onto the Decaleech he was feeding.

One after another, Decaleeches targeted him, only to fall prey to his power of Bone-Melting Artillery. Two hours later, he finished feeding the Decaleech, having satisfied the final condition.

The Decaleech's body shrunk into a fist-sized sphere, becoming a Nature Weapon that he equipped immediately.

Silver Nature Weapon—Leech!

Once he equipped it in his Tertiary Nature slot, Virala closed his eyes and comprehended its intricacies, thinking once he had a decent understanding, 'It's a spectacular ability. Just as I expected, it's perfect for boosting my growth. Now, once I upgrade it to the Gold Grade, I can use its abilities without being discovered.'

Virala took on his Nature Weapon form and rolled next to a Decaleech he had injured. When the Nature Weapon touched its body, it seeped inside and took up position in its Secondary Nature. Immediately in response, a strong influence enveloped the Decaleech, causing it to take action.

Its level of sentience was weaker than an iron Grade Pranic Beast. Hence, it couldn't resist the influence Virala subjected it towards, acting no different to a slave under his full control.

It drilled into the ground and felt around for traces of blood, detecting its brethren that had successfully hunted a Mammoth Clansman or two. It attacked them with the power of Bone-Melting Artillery and crippled them.

Soon, the targeted Decaleech's body became a Nature Weapon and was equipped in the Tertiary Nature slot of the Decaleech he was controlling.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Refiner!

Through its effects, the Nature Weapon of Leech equipped in the Decaleech's Tertiary Nature slot was used as fuel for its Primary Nature, improving its functions. One after another, the Decaleech targeted its brethren.

Since Decaleeches were instinctual beings and numbered a lot, especially sustaining a lot of damage after attacking the Mammoth Clan, Virala had an easier time hunting them than with the Centingers.

Even though a strip of the Sticky-Slip Plateau spanned a breadth of 390 kilometres, due to slipping many times, the Empyrean Tusk herd's progress was slow, taking more than four days to traverse it and reach normal land.

But this was merely the first of seven strips. By the time the herd passed through the fifth strip, Virala had finished upgrading his Nature Weapon of Leech to Gold Grade. Following that, he controlled a Decaleech to approach the 1st Empyrean Tusk and sprang upon its feet.

He extricated himself from the Decaleech's body right as it shot out of the ground, still remaining in his Nature Weapon form. And as the Nature Weapon touched its body, it merged into it and took position as its Secondary Nature.

But thanks to the effects of the Nature Weapon of Leech, the 1st Empyrean Tusk never felt anything amiss.

Equipped in his Primary Nature was the Nature Weapon of Tusk—possessing the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity—

and equipped in his Tertiary Nature was the Nature Weapon of Leech. Immediately after entering its body, he began to absorb its blood.

Taking advantage of the effects of his Nature Weapon of Tusk, Virala began to absorb the essence of the 1st Empyrean Tusk alongside its blood, also observing faint information traces appear in his mind. The quality and quantity were superior to what a Decaleech obtained, as the Nature was at Gold Grade now.

Through its blood, Virala absorbed copious amounts of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's resources, Prana, and data, using that to begin building his Empyrean Tusk body at full swing.

The data worked with speeding up his comprehension of an Empyrean Tusk, making the process quicker. The Prana was consumed to build the body. And finally, through the blood, his Empyrean Tusk body began to grow naturally, absorbing the right resources.

Externally, the 1st Empyrean Tusk's tusk shrunk in length by a millimetre, too minute for anyone to notice. But it had indeed shrunk, thanks to his actions. And after he had his fill here, Virala intended to jump to the 2nd Empyrean Tusk, so on, and so forth, until he reached the 104th Empyrean Tusk.

'The Mammoth Clan wishes to support your growth, Resha. But, what the fuck will they support you with when they are bereft of resources?' Virala snorted in arrogance, 'There's consequences for triggering me, you know.'

"Be happy as a beggar, Resha. That's all you'll get this time."



Chapter 332 Medicines

Accompanied by a group of Empyrean Snappers was a large ship, on the deck of which stood Inala, his expression cheerful, inhaling the fresh air while gawking at the sprawling Dralh Sea.

"How the heck are you cheerful in this situation?" Wittral grumbled from nearby, feeling irritated upon seeing Inala happy, "We can't cultivate anymore."

"What's the problem with that?" Inala raised an eyebrow and shadowboxed for a couple of seconds, "I'm free from influence. At present, I'm at my natural self."

That was indeed the truth. Whether it was his identity as a Mammoth Clan, the influence of a Zinger through his Primary Nature, and the influence of an Empyrean Tusk through his Secondary and Tertiary Natures, Inala didn't feel any at the moment.

Here, inhaling fresh air, he was truly free. At this moment, he could care shit about the Mammoth Clan's fate, for he was no longer subjected to the influence every Mammoth Clansman experienced.

The only two Mammoth Clansmen he cared about were in his stomach biome. Hence, whether or not the Mammoth Clan survived mattered naught to him. This clarity of mind came as a surprise when his Spirit Container was extracted, but soon enough, he embraced it, for that was truly his natural state.

The only influence on him was his own, to be like Inala, the individual. 'Honestly, I don't mind living like this.'

He then stared at Wittral, 'The Cooter Clan will protect him. As long as I stay by his side, I'll live a comfortable life.'

He had yet to finish building his Zinger Body. So, he wouldn't live past a century. That didn't matter to him at present, since that already exceeded his original lifespan when on Earth.

But the moment he recovers his Spirit Container, he'll become the Inala from before, scheming for the betterment of the Mammoth Clan since his daughter would become the Empyrean Tusk that would lead them in the future.

His thoughts would grow complex, since he couldn't stop at thinking about him alone. Rather, many things were riding on him, causing him to constantly reinvent himself and make schemes, both short-term and long-term.

"I hate being like this," Wittral grumbled in anger and stared at his weak, mortal self, "I have never been this…useless since birth."

"You should learn to live like that until we find my teacher." Inala shrugged like it wasn't his problem and stared into the sea, exclaiming upon seeing a large marine creature jump out of the water, "What is that? How is it that huge?"

"That's a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, called…" Wittral stopped speaking, feeling his face heat up in response as he stared into the sea, "The Death Hour is starting!"

"This is…absurd!" He growled, unable to endure the heat in a matter of seconds to jump back deeper onto the deck, "Shit!"

When he had his power as an Empyrean Snapper, the Death Hour was merely an environment that raised his combat capabilities. During that hour, he was the ruler of the region, having no equal. The Dralh Sea became the heaven he ruled over, the environment beneficial for his actions.

But now, that very same environment spelled his death sentence, should he even dare peek at it, not to mention come into contact with it. The sheer contrast overwhelmed him, for he went from an invincible existence to the weakest of mortals.

The fact that the Free Humans he treated as servants, possessing Prana in the single digits were now many times stronger than him. That realisation overwhelmed his emotional state, causing him to leap into the Dralh Sea, indignant at his plight, "No! I refuse to believe I'm powerless! I'll recover my power once I touch the sea…"

"Calm down, Wittral." Inala hurriedly jumped after Wittral and grunted in pain, holding the rim of the deck to dangle forward. His left hand held the rim while his right gripped Wittral tightly, unable to bear his weight, "Don't be foolish! Gosh…you're heavy!"

"Let go, Inala." Wittral said, his expression absolutely serious, "The world is my ally. It always was and it always will be."

"Are you out of your goddamn mind?" Inala cursed in anger, wincing in pain as heat waves began to radiate out of the Dralh Sea with greater intensity, "Can't you feel this burning sensation?"

"No, I don't. So let go." Wittral exerted force on Inala's hand and began to open his fingers. He was delusional, ignoring his limbs trembling from the heat, unable to bear it.

"Someone!" Inala shouted upon seeing Wittral continue to slip from his hold, "Save this idiot! He's about to kill himself!"

"Leave me alone!" Wittral shouted and pushed away Inala, breaking out of the latter's hold. Unfortunately for the both of them, he pushed Inala with force, causing the latter's hold on the deck's rim to slip in response.

"Oh…shit!" Inala muttered, watching the Dralh Sea approach his vision, getting closer rapidly. He began to fall alongside Wittral. Staring at the latter, he sighed in realisation, 'Without the Mammoth Clansman's influence, I'm a fucking idiot, the same as I was on Earth.'

He was acting at the start. But when Wittral intended to commit suicide, he instinctively offered help. And that resulted in the current situation as he fell to his death, alongside the person he intended to save.

"I'm a fool to save you." He muttered and closed his eyes, resigned to his death. For a moment the faces of Gannala and Asaeya appeared in his mind, 'Life is fragile without strength. I'm sorry, you two.'

"…" Wittral's eyes widened in shock to see Inala fall alongside him. He reached out and grabbed the latter's hand when suddenly, a layer of clouds appeared between them and the sea. It was soft and warm to the touch, completely blocking the radiation emanating from the Dralh Sea.

'She instinctively dived in to save Wittral.' Geugeu thought, for a moment having a better impression of Inala as he addressed the two, "It's dangerous to play around the deck during the Dath Hour…"

He corrected himself a moment later, "No, at all the time. A slip into the water and you'll die."

Without Prana, the bodies of both Wittral and Inala were damn fragile, unable to heal. Hence, the boiling hot water of the Dralh Sea during the day was enough to kill them easily. The freezing cold water during the night was equally dangerous.

The cloud brought the duo to the deck as Geugeu landed before them, speaking softly upon seeing Wittral's disgruntlement, "Don't lose hope. We're doing everything in our power to find the Mudropper."

"The Mudropper is in the insane Boar King's possession." Wittral clicked his tongue in anger, "Finding him means another confrontation. I don't want us to suffer crippling losses just to save me."

"We won't abandon you, Wittral." Geugeu said and patted the latter on the shoulder, "We'll keep trying our best to figure out a solution."

"No, forget it." Wittral shook his head, resigning himself to fate, "That Mudropper's probably the sole existence of its kind on Sumatra. We'll be receiving the Boar King's undivided attention if we were to rescue it. Our fate would then be no different from the Mammoth Clan. We might end up losing dozens of Empyrean Snappers."

"So…" He sighed and stared at the massive clouds forming in the sky, "Let this be my last. If my existence causes crippling damage to the Cooter Clan, then we're better off without me."

"Wittral…" Geugeu muttered, his eyes red, angry, but helpless, watching the hope of their Clan resign himself to despair.

"Let's not give up," Inala broke the sombre atmosphere, giving them a tinge of hope, "I'm not as knowledgeable as the Mudropper, but I was taught a lot by it. As long as the Cooter Clan supports my…no,"

He made eye contact with Wittral, "Our research, we'll definitely make a breakthrough."

"Fine, you make a point." Geugeu nodded, "What do you need?"

"It's the Cooter Clan's speciality. I need a large quantity of them." Inala grinned, iterating upon seeing Geugeu's momentary confusion, "Medicines!"



Chapter 333 Refining Medicines

Dralh Sea—Core Zone!

Standing on one of the islands part of the Abyss Ring was a two-storey building that had been constructed three months ago, occupying an area of 320 square metres. The entirety of its interior was hollow, with the walls covered by medicine shelves.

Standing on the ground, before a table affixed at the centre was the figure of Inala, mixing two solutions in a glass beaker, watching the reaction. On his left was a large scroll on which he wrote down his observations.

After his proposal, Geugeu created this medicine house for Inala and Wittral to conduct research and figure out a way to get their Spirit Containers back.

Originally, Geugeu meant for Inala to be brought before him in order to observe and tabulate the growth of the Brimgan Empire's Human Avatar techniques. But that had to be dropped after Inala lost his Spirit Container.

At present, the Cooter Clan was unable to locate either the insane Boar King or the Mudropper. There were two reasons for their failure. First of all, there was just one Boar King. So, they were constantly chasing after the latter's trails and were succeeding grandly in pissing him off.

Secondly, the Mudropper was hiding in the Brimgan Empire as a Free Human. The one being searched for by the Cooter Clan was a Pranic Beast. Hence, they already failed at that first step.

This meant that no matter how much resources the Cooter Clan used in their search operation, nothing fruitful turned up. And the longer this became the case, the greater they valued Inala.

After all, Inala did claim that he would be able to figure out a solution eventually. As to how long this eventually meant, they weren't worried. As long as Inala succeeds by the end of his lifetime, they'll be content.

Wittral was an Empyrean Snapper, with a lifespan of two millennia. So, time was on their side. Hence, they supported Inala, bringing forth the Cooter Clan's precious medicinal knowledge for him to make use of.

They weren't hesitant to give Inala the knowledge. It was because they had no plans to allow Inala to leave the Cooter Clan. Of course, Inala was aware of that but didn't seem to care.

He casually arrived before a medicine shelf and opened it to stare at a row of Influence Easing Elixirs. On the shelf adjacent to it were Low-Grade Elixirs. Anything he could or couldn't think of existed here, all manufactured by the Cooter Clan.

Empyrean Snappers were basically resource collectors, capable of accumulating mineral reserves by filtering them at the atomic level. Hence, whatever the Cooter Clan wanted to refine, they could draw from a reserve of the purest of elemental reserves.

"Can you mix these two in a ratio of five to seven?" Inala pointed at two boxes of vials and stared at a bald woman with pale, emerald mascara.

"Sure," The woman nodded nonchalantly and caused streams of fluid to flow out from each of the vials before mixing them accurately in a beaker. Named Taltal, she was a 2-Life Stage Cooter Clansman in charge of refining medicines, possessing an abundant knowledge of the subject.

She spent the entirety of her life researching and creating medicine, one of the most knowledgeable in the Cooter Clan. She was there to assist Inala and Wittral in their research.

In the past three months since Inala began to live here, Taltal was very helpful. She had a gentle disposition and was an eccentric individual who only cared about inventing new medicines and increasing the potency of existing ones.

Once the mixture was done, Inala put droplets of a variety of substances into the beaker, causing a chain reaction to result in a Prana-rich fluid.

'She managed to generate Prana merely out of a bunch of normal fluids. That's impressive.' Taltal subtly commented Inala's actions, analysing the process, 'Our bodies can digest and convert ingested food into Prana. She has replicated the same effect externally.'

By now, Inala had completely comprehended the data of Lurt and Fhoong Brimgan. Hence, armed with that data, he was able to figure out a refinement process in which the effect was somewhat similar to using Mystic Bone Art on a Mammoth Clansman's stomach after ingesting food.

The treasure trove of knowledge in the possession of the Cooter Clan, there wouldn't be a better opportunity to access them. Once he comprehended Lurt's data, Inala had a strong base in the field, able to hold his own and actually prove what he had claimed.

The fact that he managed to generate Prana in a container was a show of his abilities, proving to the Cooter Clan that he would eventually succeed. Taltal was the one to make a judgement regarding that and she felt the possibility was high.

'Inala has interesting ideas and can approach a problem from directions I've never considered possible.' Taltal tested the Prana-rich fluid and commented, "Contained in these 44 millilitres is three units of Prana. It's not much, but it's a good start."

"Currently, it's not stable like an Elixir." Inala explained his objective, "I intend to add stabilisers to it until the Prana in this fluid can naturally concentrate itself. As long as we improve in that regard, we'll be able to artificially create a Spirit Container."

"Let's call it a day. It's getting later." Taltal pocketed the gains of the day and left the house, intending to report to the Chief.

"I'm looking forward to our cooperation for tomorrow." Inala bowed slightly as Taltal left. Once she was out of sight, he smirked subtly and unfurled a scroll to look through its contents, 'I'm learning a lot. Once I'm out of here, I'll be an expert in medicine.'

He wasn't afraid of getting the timing of his escape right. Once he was ready, Gannala would know by reading his mind. She would immediately use the Prime Skill of Spirit Container Assimilation to allow Inala to regain his Spirit Container.

That way, he would recover his abilities instantly and could make his escape. Of course, he didn't come here just for the Influence Easing Elixir. That was merely one of his objectives.

His second objective was to groom the mentally weak Wittral into a Brangara hater, which was proceeding pretty well. The third objective was to use this extreme situation and birth a Nature in Wittral that allowed him to take on a human form, similar to the Boar King.

He had no intention of leaking the details regarding the Nature of Cultivator to the Cooter Clan. It had too many risks and would completely destroy the power structure of Sumatra Continent. Besides, the creation of this Nature was damn resource intensive.

The longer the target intending to obtain this Nature lived, the harder it became. It was the easiest to get the Nature of Cultivator when a baby. The required resources spiked exponentially with the passage of each year.

For Wittral to get the Nature of Cultivator would not be possible even if he were to consume the entire population of the Cooter Clan. He was too old for that. Inala didn't want the Cooter Clan to collapse upon itself in the quest to give Wittral the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, which they wouldn't hesitate to do.

But there was a possibility to give Wittral a Nature that granted him human form, similar to how a Mammoth Clansman transformed into a Pranic Beast.

The last of his objectives was evolving his own set of abilities. Yes, he had finished determining a path at the end of which he would become strong enough to begin facing the Boar King.

And the time limit for it was the Second Major Disaster!



Chapter 334 Inala’s Endgame Build

The power of an Empyrean Zinger plus the Major Treasure of Attribute and a 10-Life Stage cultivation was Inala's original endgame build. Theoretically, it would have taken him 220 years to achieve it and his entire journey would be to hasten it as soon as possible so that by the time the Fourth Major Disaster starts, he'll be ready.

This was something he had conceptualised while reading Sumatra Chronicles for six years, a result of endless daydreaming sessions for the world he came to love. When he was brought to Sumatra Continent, Inala already had a ready path to tread upon.

That was why he started to focus on a skillset that made best use of his Empyrean Zinger powers, from puppetry to painting. Heck, even the primary reason he picked art during his shut-in years on Earth was simply to make fanart of Sumatra, because he was enamoured by it.

Just like many other readers, he too entertained the thought. What if he was one day brought into the world of the book he loved? Many entertained the thought, but as Inala had abundant free time, and with his obsession towards Sumatra Chronicles, he actually began preparing in Earth itself.

Of course, all he did was make art and daydream about various scenarios he would find himself in the world of Sumatra and how he would face them with a Zinger's power.

Thanks to the Supreme Tusk Gannala's help, Inala received an overpowered ability in the name of Mystic Skill Creator, one that allowed him to conceptualise a bunch of Skills and Prime Skills by treating Mystic Bone Art as an alphabet of Skill creation.

With it, he could bring out his abilities to their fullest potential and also figure out a concrete method to reach the 10-Life Stage within the time limit.

But two major things happened that allowed Inala to drop his original endgame build for something even better—Ravaged Tribe and Battalda!

When he first chanced upon the Rockatrice's Ravaged Tribe, Inala came to the realisation that he too could use a Ravaged Tribe to experience an evolution. He had the Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System that allowed him to treat the Empyrean Zingers created through his Primary Nature as part of his immune system.

Meaning, if he were to create a Ravaged Tribe through them, and if the Ravaged Tribe managed to attain Clansmen status, the Empyrean Zingers would evolve into a new race. And since his immune system evolved, he too would experience the benefits.

The Quip Tribe was the result towards that. Currently, he had created the Quip Tribe in two places—Sanrey Plains and Dralh Sea. Both were being associated to an Empyrean Zinger King each.

Chances for their evolution was the highest. After all, these two Empyrean Zinger Kings were birthed using the Prana of the Boar King, the best of the literal best in terms of Prana that Sumatra Continent could offer. So, their potential was the absolute best in the entire race.

When they evolve, his Tertiary Nature would evolve immediately, and by extension, even his Primary Nature would evolve. Inala didn't intend to stop here, for that was a waste of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Through Battalda, he obtained his second overpowered ability, which was the Prime Skill of Empyrean Extraction, one that allowed him to extract the data of all his targets. This created a synergetic effect with his Mystic Skill Creator, giving him a sea of data using which he could create any Skill he pleased.

These two abilities now formed his core skillset, allowing Inala to dream without limits.

After arriving at the Cooter Clan, using Wittral as an excuse, Inala requested for information regarding Minor Treasures, making it seem as if the Mudropper had the means to use them to recover a Spirit Weapon.

Minor Treasures could function beyond the laws that formed their power system. So, it made realistic sense for one of them to be useful in recovering a Spirit Container, which seemed an impossibility until now.

Since the Cooter Clan had no plans to allow Inala to walk out of their custody, they didn't mind giving him the necessary data, since it also meant an earlier recovery of Wittral.

Through that, Inala came to understand a great deal about them, coming across a certain piece of information. Even if the Minor Treasure fuses with a cultivator, it remains as its individual self. Meaning, when the cultivator dies, the Minor Treasure would reform into its original state.

That implied that even if Inala were to obtain the Major Treasure of Cure, it could be stolen from him. There currently didn't exist an ability capable of stealing a Minor Treasure from a living target. But there was no guarantee.

Each of the reincarnate was experimenting and figuring out the nooks and crannies of the power system, trying their best to take advantage of it. If one of them were to figure out such a method, they could use it on Inala to steal his Major Treasure of Attribute.

Or even easier, they could simply kill him and extract it from his corpse. When Inala gets revived by Blola, he could only shed tears in despair, for he would have lost the power of the Attribute.

Therefore, the Major Treasure of Attribute must become one with him. And when it does at the exact time he experiences an evolution, the result would become terrifying.

He already knew the necessary item missing to make it a reality—the Bolt of Transcendence!

It was the ultimate destructive power brimming with refining capabilities. In the two information clusters he received of the Supreme Tusk Gannala, Inala observed the changes that happened to te body of Undrakha when he attempted a breakthrough to the Transcendence Stage.

His ten bodies were being fused into a singular whole by the Bolt of Transcendence. It was impossible without the refinement power contained in it. Therefore, as long as Inala manages to attract a Bolt of Transcendence towards him when he receives the Major Treasure of Attribute, he'll evolve into a grater existence.

The Major Treasure of Attribute would become seamlessly integrated into his body while his abilities evolved in response. At that moment, if he were to have a massive biome in his stomach, then everything part of it too would be refined into his power by the Bolt of Transcendence.

The power of a Nature was concentrated in the Spirit Container. And if he were to have enough of Wittral's Spirit Containers in his stomach biome when the Bolt of Transcendence hits him…

He had the chills when thinking about it, 'I'll become tremendously strong by the end of it.'

Currently, Lurt was at the Sanrey Plains, refining medicines constantly to generate the Quip Tribe's growth, making them ready to become Clansmen.

And as long as Inala continues to extract the data of various races and comprehends it, he would eventually figure out a solid way for the Quip Tribe to become Clansmen.

Moreover, once Gannala touches the other reincarnates, Inala would be able to access the data regarding the seven Mystic Paths and use it to his benefit. Currently, his path was in Gannala. He had already checked it, observing it exist in her mind space as an information cluster.

He was just waiting for Gannala to mature enough that she could handle the information volume present in the Mystic Path. Following that, he would use the Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip to learn it fully and do the same when Gannala learns of the information about the other paths.

All six reincarnates plus Resha were part of Gannala's immune system. So, it wasn't an issue in that regard. 'Expect Orakha, the others have yet to realise the overwhelming advantage I possess over others.'

And that advantage was Gannala, especially of all his competitors being a part of her—his daughter's—immune system.



Chapter 335 Worst Team-Up

While passing through the seventh strip of the Sticky-Slip Plateau, the 1st Empyrean Tusk suddenly kneeled over, anaemic. A group of Decaleeches targeted it during its state, overwhelming its defences. Even Raaha became busy, as tens of thousands of Decaleeches were currently targeting the Mammoth Clan.

And no matter how much they killed, the numbers didn't seem to drop.

Anaemic, the 1st Empyrean Tusk didn't have enough strength to clear out the path before it and ended up slipping as a result. Right at this moment, lying in wait all along in a house dangling from the rear end of its tusks was Blola.

When the 1st Empyrean Tusk toppled over and skid across the Sticky-Slip Plateau, Blola's house shattered, since he had weakened it to the limit beforehand.

The four elites standing guard were stunned when the house shattered, causing them to lose the platform they stood upon. Everyone, including Blola, fell to the ground. It happened too suddenly. Hence, the elites were unable to react on time as the rolling figure of the 1st Empyrean Tusk swatted them like flies and turned them into a paste.

As for Blola, he was prepared all along. And hence, when the house shattered, he leapt in a direction that brought him far away from the herd. Seeing the ground approach him at an accelerated pace, he was scared, knowing very well that he would splotch upon impact and turn into modern art.

Thankfully, he had a solution in place.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Transcendent Eater!

A massive, plant-like monster with carnivorous flower vases for a head appeared as its roots burrowed into the ground, rapidly sucking in nutrients to produce Prana and heal the damage it had sustained from the fall.

Blola then awaited, watching a group of Decaleeches swarm him. His carnivorous plat heads casually ripped them apart to display to a concerned Raaha that he could handle himself.

Since the 1st Empyrean Tusk's anaemic state concerned him, Raaha focused on that, thwarting the larger group of Decaleeches that for some reason targeted it. Their numbers targeting the 1st Empyrean Tusk were quadruple the amount targeting the other Empyrean Tusks, a very concerning situation even for Raaha.

In the short window of time where Raaha was too busy to bother about Blola, considering how the latter displayed that he was strong enough to handle himself for the time being, an opportunity presented itself.

Blola had been preparing for this moment all along. He arrived at his mind space and punched a weakened Transcendent Eater, defeating another portion of it, the last necessary for him to attain another breakthrough.

Immediately in response, the pathway for him to enter the 2-Life Stage became open. Without any hesitation, the Transcendent Eater absorbed a voracious amount of resources from the soil, causing the land ten metres under the topsoil to die in response, deprived of everything that amounted to anything.

Using this, copious amounts of Prana were generated, following which Blola began to build a second body. But knowing that doing anything more would be too eye-catching, since the environment would die, he stopped.

A body had formed successfully, at the entry level of the Body Stage. That was enough. And before anyone could feel the presence of a 2-Life Stage cultivator from Blola, the new body split off and hid amidst the Transcendent Eater's massive body in human form.

One of the roots dug into the soil, creating a bunker deep underground, in which Blola jumped and hid within. The hole was expertly covered up as Blola continued to face the Decaleeches in his Transcendent Eater form until Raaha managed to control the situation with the 1st Empyrean Tusk and return to retrieve him.

"You're not hurt anywhere, right?" Raaha asked, more concerned about Blola's revival ability than his condition. After all, he never forgot the fact that Blola killed an Empyrean Tusk. So, he only wanted Blola to be sane enough to be useful for the Mammoth Clan.

"Yes, Chief." Blola returned to his human form and climbed the 1st Empyrean Tusk to enter a new home that appeared at the rear end of its tusk. Using Mystic Bone Art, the 1st Empyrean Tusk created his home within a second.

Soon, the Mammoth Clan exited the final strip of the Sticky-Slip Plateau. Once they entered the subsequent region, they began to consume the bountiful resources there to replenish their lost reserves of Prana and blood.

"What's the status report?" Raaha asked, expressing absolute shock once he received it, "What the fuck is this? Are you serious?"

The master in charge of the report kneeled in fright upon seeing the voluminous amount of Prana oozing out of it, making it seem as if the terrain around them would morph into myriad forms in an instant the moment he thought of it.

"Chief, all the Settlement Leaders are expressing their frustrations." The master continued, "All our resource stockpile has been wiped clean!"

"Everything?" Raaha asked, his eyes glinting dangerously.

"Yes!" The master said in a hurry, "All Empyrean Tusks can barely function for two or three days at most before they collapse. We need to gather the resources necessary for their upkeep before that."

'The Decaleeches weren't potent enough to cause this. Even if all of them were to swarm and target a single Empyrean Tusk, it would take them an entire day to steal all the resources contained in it. And this is while keeping a generous estimate of their abilities.' Raaha frowned, closing his eyes for a moment before his Prana radiated radially outward, focusing on the people he doubted, 'If there's any unknown variable, there can only be one cause.'

He first focused on Resha, observing the latter's strength to be at the same level as before entering the Sticky-Slip Plateau. His attention then fell on Grehha, Virala, and Blola, unable to find anything different from before.

He then stared at Blola and asked, "Where is Yennda?"

"He's dead," Blola said, "He committed suicide the moment we entered the Sticky-Slip Plateau."

"What of his strength?" Raaha asked next.

"The same as before." Blola then asked next, "Shall I revive him now, Chief?"

"Do it," Raaha said and then commanded the Empyrean Tusk herd to camp at a relatively safe region. He summoned the Settlement Leaders and gave them an order, "Mobilise all elites and masters. Gather everything of value in this region, from nutrient-rich soil to Pranic Beasts. bring everything!"

"I alone am enough to guard this place until then."

"Yes, Chief!" The Settlement Leaders responded in unison and charged out amongst large raid groups, wreaking havoc in the region as they hunted and gathered everything they laid eyes upon.

A day later, Blola finished reviving Yennda. Raaha immediately inspected him and frowned, 'His strength is the exact same as before too. What the heck is happening?'

'How did we suffer such overwhelming losses then?' Even he was unable to figure out the reason. In the end, he could only focus on resource gathering to help the Empyrean Tusks as soon as possible.

They camped at the place for three months, and once the region became bare, they were forced to head out to other regions to fill up the voracious appetite of the Empyrean Tusks.

In the seventh strip of the Sticky-Slip Plateau, ten days after the herd left moved on from the region, a hole opened up, revealing the human figure of Blola, his expression sporting a subtle smile upon seeing his gamble pay off.

His eyes then arched forward and stared at a fist-sized object present a metre away from his spot, a Nature Weapon. Upon seeing it, his smile widened, "You're a fucking genius,"

"Virala."



Chapter 336 Virala, Blola, and Yennda

"Is the coast clear?" The fist-sized object reverted to the figure of Virala who looked around cautiously before taking a seat in relief, "We were cutting it close back there."

"The Chief obviously suspects us." Blola said, "He just lacks concrete information about us."

"Even Orakha was never honest about the information he shared with the Chief."

"He's a sly guy," Virala smirked, "Well, he had different reasons for intending to monopolise the Transcendent Eater's information, but that played right into our hand."

"But still," Blola observed Virala from top to bottom, "How…the fuck did you manage to complete building an Empyrean Tusk body this damn soon?"

"You want to know my secrets?" Virala laughed, casual in his approach, "You need to reveal your everything too then."

"I don't mind that," Blola said without hesitation, shocking Virala.

"Are you…for real?" Virala stared at Blola, wondering when this gloomy guy became so generous.

"I'm not doing it out of generosity. It's just that, my plans ride on your success. Since we have allied for our benefit, I'll be frank with you." Blola's expression hardened, "At your current level, you'll lose to Inala."

"Indigo will end up getting the Attribute."

"Seriously?" Virala was flabbergasted as he pointed at himself, expressing the absurdity of the situation, "I'm at the 2-Life Stage now! I left my newborn body at the Clan! Fuck! I'm as strong as a mature Empyrean Tusk now. And you're telling me I'll lose to that Zinger bastard?"

"Explain your abilities in detail. I'll tell you why," Blola sighed.

"Fine," Virala grunted and began explaining about his Secondary Nature and the various Nature Weapons he had amassed, including the Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner.

Blola listened to everything and muttered in shock, "Secondary Nature of Weaponisation. So, that's the Mammoth Ancestor's power. And you managed to upgrade it to the Mystic Grade. It makes sense why you're so confident now."

"Are you still of the opinion that I'll lose to Inala?" Virala was damn offended by the latter's remark.

"Yeah, you will." Blola said without hesitation, "Your current growth is because you stole resources from all 104 Empyrean Tusks using your Nature Weapon of Leech. It would take the herd more than a decade or two to recover their reserves to the peak. That means you can't replicate this anytime soon."

"All you have done is make it harder for Resha to grow." Blola said in irritation upon seeing Virala's incensed expression, "Listen to me with patience, fucker!"

"I'm am!" Virala cursed, "And don't you dare call me a fucker."

"You're a fucker, no matter what you claim otherwise." Blola rolled his eyes, "Anyway, coming back to the point. Your growth spike can happen only this once."

"But Inala's growth is an exponential continuity." Blola shook his head, "You're currently way stronger than him, but in ten years, he'll surpass you. His growth is purely accumulating in nature, so no one can outpace him in the long run."

"Tell me why I can't win against him!" Virala spewed spittle in his disbelief, "How can that Zinger bastard face me, an Empyrean Tusk? I can kill him in one shot."

"If you can make contact that is, then yes." Blola sighed as he found a comfortable spot amidst a carcass of Decaleeches and began to speak, "Every time I win a mental fight against the Transcendent Eater, I gain some of the information related to us seven. Orakha has figured out a method to access the Transcendent Eater's information but I too am gradually getting the hang of it."

"Come to the damn point," Virala growled.

"Fuck you!" Blola cursed in response, "Let me speak my damn mind, alright? It has been months since I last spoke to someone."

"Find a broad to weep then, don't do it with me." Virala spat to the side in annoyance, "Just tell me the condensed version and only stick to the topics I am interested in."

"Have you played games on Earth?" Blola asked, ignoring whatever Virala said latest.

"Cheating games, yes." Virala nodded.

"Disgusting bastard," Blola cursed under his breath and let go of the topic, "Basically, Inala is the evasive type with debuff powers. He'll remain on the run while stealing your Prana and Lifeforce. You'll be unable to even touch him, no matter how strong you get."

"Information regarding the details of his three Natures are inaccessible. But all I've managed to find out is this," Blola said in all seriousness, "Inala can raise and control a swarm of Zingers. Basically,"

"He's the 1st Major Disaster Incarnate!"

"Fuck!" Virala was silent for a while before cursing aloud in anger. He knew what Blola was getting at. 44 Empyrean Tusks faced the 1st Major Disaster in Sumatra Chronicles and suffered tremendously.

It would later be revealed in Sumatra Chronicles that the entire reason behind the 1st Major Disaster is a diversion tactic to allow the Zinger Queen to be born safely. That was it. An entire Major Disaster that delivered a crippling blow to the Mammoth Clan was all to facilitate the birth of the Zinger Queen, an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

A mere Iron Grade Pranic Beast's birth resulted in that. Moreover, it ended once the Zinger Queen was birthed successfully. But that wouldn't be the case with Inala. All the Zingers he was rearing would come in for the kill.

Besides, Inala was at the Silver Grade. If all the Zingers he creates were to be at the Silver Grade, it needn't be said. The danger level would easily exceed the First Major Disaster.

"Do you get the full picture now?" Blola sighed, "That bastard will keep on accumulating Zingers. No matter how strong of an Empyrean Tusk you become, you'll eventually be destroyed. Remember that a Prana Bomb can suck in your Prana at the slightest touch, even though the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton."

"I understand now." Virala's eyes glinted dangerously, "So, we need to kill Inala as soon as possible."

"Yes," Blola nodded, "Before his accumulation manages to surpass our strength, we need to kill him. And as long as we prevent news of his death from reaching the ears of Raaha, I wouldn't be pressured to revive him."

"I'll revive him after you obtain the Major Treasure of Attribute."

"Hmm," Virala nodded and crossed the Sticky-Slip Plateau, casually conversing with Blola to know more about the strengths and weaknesses of Resha and the rest of the reincarnates. Once they successfully crossed the Sticky-Slip Plateau, Virala asked, "Did the Chief assign any other work for Yennda?"

"Not at the moment. He should be committing suicide anytime soon." Blola said and closed his eyes, waiting for a couple of hours before he took on his Transcendent Eater form and began to revive Yennda.

A day later, Yennda hatched from an egg, commenting upon seeing Virala and Blola, "You're very fast in reaching the 2-Life Stage. Those at the Mammoth Clan have all been fooled."

"Even the Chief is scratching his head in frustration, unable to figure out why the Empyrean Tusks lost all their accumulated resources."

"Heh!" Virala chuckled smugly, "Foolish bastard. They'll never know."

"Anyway," Yennda stared at Virala and extended his hand, "I did my work in communicating this plan between the two of you. So now, pay up what you promised. I don't have much time left."

Every time Yennda died and was revived by Blola, he would pass on the information Virala had given him through a Pranic Beast. This way, they kept everything secretive and managed to pull off such a massive heist.

"Sure," Virala used the Nature Weapon of Artillery to blast open a massive lake-sized crater and filled it with concentrated essence of Empyrean Tusk that he had stored in his stomach biome. "Is this enough?"

"It should, since I'm only at the Iron Grade." Saying so, Yennda leaped into it, causing a horde of mutant creatures to surface, grotesque to the extreme.

Upon seeing them, both Virala and Blola turned around, rushed towards a nearby bush, and puked in disgust, "Yuck!"

"What the heck are those?"



Chapter 337 Kill Inala

Primary Nature—Fission and Fusion!

Warts formed all over Yennda's skin and began to pulse like thumping hearts, beginning to grow in such a manner that the viewer could experience every single phobia that existed under the heavens.

Soon, the fission beings grew large enough to detach from his body and live on their own. There was enough Empyrean Tusk essence, rich with their Prana and blood, enough for the fission beings to have a feast, which they did without hesitation.

As they consumed the rich resource without holding back, their bodies began to grow, damn unstable, seemingly about to collapse in a matter of minutes. Even the most stable fission being seemed unable to last an hour.

Secondary Nature—Infection!

Suddenly, as a wave of Prana radiated from Yennda, all the fission beings experienced a surge in primal instincts, making them wish to devour each other. Not even a second spanned past since the Prana emission before which, all fission beings ganged upon each other.

They bit and tore into each other, causing polluted blood to spill upon the lake and infect it. Blola stood right beside the lake, enveloping his powers in the region to set the lake's boundaries as the boundaries beyond which the fission beings wouldn't go. There was a twisted smile on his face as he muttered, "Eat…eat more…"

"Eat lots!"

Tertiary Nature—Mutation!

As the fission beings ate each other, they consumed and assimilated some of the characteristics gained during their growth and hunt. As a result, they mutated, which was even more unstable than their already unstable bodies.

Some mutated and burst into a pool of pus immediately after. Yennda didn't seem to mind that and instead created even more fission beings, adding to the chaotic pile.

Standing far away while observing his actions were Blola and Virala, feeling absolutely disgusted.

"Your brother takes after you," Virala commented all of a sudden.

"Don't talk about your dad like that." Blola snapped in response.

"Fuck you!" Virala cursed under his breath.

"Go fuck Yennda. Isn't he your darling?" Blola snorted in disdain, "I know he's your type."

The two stared at each other as goosebumps formed on their skin, causing them to tremble in response before they dropped the trash talk.

"Let's not go there ever again." Blola said, "I rather not imagine it even while thinking of a response to trash talk."

"I second that." Virala made a disgusted expression, "I seriously don't want to be associated with this bastard. I'm not insane enough to talk to him yet."

"Well, you're the one who was happy to include him in your plan," Blola complained.

"He'll be tremendously effective against Grehha and Inala. That's why I roped him into our team. Besides, he doesn't desire any of the remaining Major Treasures." Virala expressed disdain, "I simply told him I'll create a beautiful life for him and he was more than ready to heed all my demands."

"You're a greedy man to desire both the Attribute and the Weapon." Blola changed topics, "Can you handle two Major Treasures?"

"If Resha could easily do it, then why should I be any different?" Virala snorted.

"You're not Resha." Blola mocked, "Don't fool yourself into believing you're on his level. Even though your cultivation is higher than him now and both of you are Empyrean Tusks, he can still wipe the floor with you. There's a difference in fighting talent and experience."

"It's just a matter of time before I surpass Resha." Virala stated in confidence and stared at Blola, "You're happy with just the Major Treasure of Pet?"

"That's what is most useful to me." Blola nodded, "It's a perfect addition to my power set. Besides, the reason we allied is because our interests don't conflict."

For the endgame builds of both Resha and the reincarnates, there was a set amount of treasures that were of pivotal necessity. For Inala, that was the Major Treasure of Attribute. It wouldn't affect him much if he failed to obtain other Major Treasures, but Attribute was a must. His endgame build would fall apart otherwise.

It was the Major Treasure of Weapon for Virala and Grehha, the Major Treasure of Pet for Yennda, Grehha, and Blola.

In Yennda's case, whether it was his initial plan that went up in smokes or his current endgame build, both were reliant on the Major Treasure of Pet.

This was merely in terms of an absolute need. Everyone wanted all Major Treasures if they could help it. And among them, the Attribute was very useful, contested by Inala, Orakha, and Resha with all their power. Even Virala and Yennda too would be happy to get their hands on it, as it literally changed their Prana itself.

While they continued to discuss, Yennda watched as all resources of value in the lake had been consumed by his fission beings. And as they fought and consumed each other, there was a single survivor, possessing a bunch of disconnected powers.

Yennda grabbed the fission being and used his Primary Nature to absorb it into his body, transforming into a grotesque creature. Immediately after that, he focused on his unstable body and observed which genetic aspects of this fission being were beneficial to him. Nurtured using the essence of 104 Empyrean Tusk, one of the products was very potent, to his liking.

He absorbed just that and released the rest as fission beings into the lake, watching them fight each other until their bodies gave out. Now, all that was left in the lake was a heap of toxic waste, infectious enough to spread a bunch of diseases in the region.

"I'm done here." Yennda stared at Blola, "Revive me back at the Mammoth Clan when it's convenient."

"You're not going to clean this up?" Blola frowned as he stared at the massive toxic lake, "This is blatant evidence of your actions."

"I don't have any abilities to stop this." Saying so, Yennda committed suicide by bleeding out from his neck.

"Damn this moron!" Blola cursed once Yennda was dead. He stared at Virala, "What should we do now?"

"What else?" Virala grunted in annoyance and stared at the toxic lake, "We need to cover this shit up. Otherwise, we'll be fucked when Raaha discovers this."

"Yennda isn't entirely on our side." Blola sighed as he realised what was up, "Since he got what he wanted, he left behind this toxic lake to screw us."

For a moment, both Virala and Blola stared at each other in surprise, only now realising that Yennda had screwed them over. If the Mammoth Clan were to turn around and investigate this place, they'd discover plenty of clues that would show the involvement of Virala and Blola.

Moreover, there were traces of Empyrean Tusk essence in the toxic lake. Raaha would be able to figure out the truth through that.

"Fuck!" Virala equipped the Gold Nature Weapon of Artillery and began to bombard the lake until all harmful biological substances in it were killed, resulting in an acid lake. Now, it was merely chemical in nature, which wasn't as big of a problem as before.

Virala changed a bunch of Nature Weapons, finally stopping at the Nature Weapon with the power of a Mud Viper to stare at a normal piece of ground before him, "It's done now."

"Just in case…" Blola transformed into the Transcendent Eater and absorbed a bunch of nutrients from the region until there was a nutrient balance. Only after that did he stop.

"Let's head to the Brimgan Empire now," Virala said as he wiped his sweat and began to proceed in a certain path. He soon came across a three-storey Storage Lantern—that he had stolen during the chaos when Empyrean Tusks skidded and rolled across the Sticky-Slip Plateau—buried in the land. In it were the rest of his Nature Weapons.

Once fully equipped, he and Blola began to make their way towards the Brimgan Empire. Their priority?

To kill Inala!



Chapter 338 The Boar King is Watching

Inala's Stomach Biome!

Pillars of bone hung down from the ceiling lit by luminescent moss growing there. Crawling across the pillars were Empyrean Zingers, training, trying their best to conceptualise new Skills to make better use of their abilities.

They were of the mind that once Inala recovered his power, he would be able to access their memories and gain all the benefits of their research. That would allow his powers to experience a qualitative leap.

They weren't just butting heads to come up with new Skills. No, Gannala was actively leading the operation. She was able to access all of Inala's memories.

And as she comprehended more of the Supreme Tusk Gannals's inheritance, she became more experienced, armed with a greater arsenal of abilities, all of which she used to conceptualise effective abilities that would improve Inala's fighting power to a whole new level.

Currently stored in Inala's mind was a vast sea of information that he had painstakingly collected using the Mind Slip Prime Skill, filled to the brim until he couldn't store any more. By pushing himself to the breaking limit and healing using Lifeforce immediately after, Inala was improving his brain's capacity.

Slowly but steadily, he was upgrading his mind—that was equivalent to a Silver Grade Pranic Beast—to eventually enter the realm of Gold Grade. As long as his mind reaches the Gold Grade, he would no longer feel the mental burden of maintaining a biome.

After that, he would only have to worry about the physical burden, which too was a work in progress to be improved. And Gannala was actively working on that too, trying to improve Inala on all fronts to be on par with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

With the Supreme Tusk Gannala's inheritance, that was possible.

Through Bone Slips, Gannala fed information to the Empyrean Zingers about matters Inala had thought about. They then pondered about the same and refined it through a series of discussions and debates.

Gannala was actively teaching them to improve their capabilities so that they could be of better use to Inala. It wasn't just that. She also made them better understand themselves, on what it meant to be a Zinger.

After feeding them the Zinger's data in Inala's possession, she made them discuss it, allowing the Zingers to become more aware of how and why their bodies worked as they did. And their progress was tremendous, since everyone was sharing their gains through Bone Slips.

Accessing the information in a Bone Slip directly planted it in the mind, needing only short periods to comprehend. When thousands of Empyrean Zingers did this simultaneously, a lot of progress was being made.

Gannala had a simple target. Since her father was actively risking his life for her growth, she would do everything in her power to improve his. And this was that. When Inala regains his power, he would be surprised because simply by reading the memories of all his Empyrean Zingers, he would have gained a complete understanding of a Zinger Body.

As long as he had enough Prana and Empyrean Tusk's tusk bone powder following that, he could complete building his body in a shorter time frame than his original prediction. Moreover, he'll now come to possess a bunch of powerful Prime Skills created for his use by the combined efforts of the Empyrean Zingers.

She also researched Inala's path of growth to find any possible mistakes and correct them, ensuring the rate of success would be definite.

While this was happening, Asaeya was busy building her body, trying her best to increase her strength. Suddenly, there was a series of screeches from the Empyrean Zingers before one of them leaped up and used a bone container to capture the fluid of rain that fell down.

Gannala had prompted them to take action. Hence, they were ready. A minute later, a vial appeared before Asaeya as Gannala approached her, "This is the Influence Easing Elixir."

"Take it."

"Isn't it supposed to be valuable?" Asaeya expressed her shock as she stared at the already empty vials of Influence Easing Elixir lying next to her, "How is he sending in so much of it?"

"He's working hard," Gannala said and pushed forth another vial, "He personally created this for you."

"What's this?" Asaeya wondered aloud, staring at the murky grey fluid in the vial before her.

"Body Comprehension Elixir, refined to be suitable for a Mammoth Clansman." Gannala said, "When you consume this, your mind will feel refreshed and brimming with inspiration. It'll allow you an easier time comprehending your Pranic Beast's body."

"There's also this," Gannala took out another vial, smug, filled with pride, "This is the Body Development Elixir. It'll assist you in building your body. You'll have a faster time progressing through the Body Stage with this."

Gannala pointed at the stomach entrance that seemed massive in the biome, "Dad's stealing a bit of it daily and writing it off as experimental wastage. He plans to accumulate enough for the three of us to reach the peak."

"It's incredibly dangerous," Asaeya bit her lips in worry as she downed the vials and worked harder to grow stronger.

"It is…" Gannala said when suddenly, her face scowled, grunting in fear, 'He still hasn't left the Dralh Sea!'

'Why is he still here? Does he not have anything else to do than stalk this place?' She became nervous. Until now, she felt the Boar King roam through a bunch of islands on the Dralh Sea, all of which had been visited by Inala, doing something there.

Now, he entered the Dralh Sea's core zone, intending to camp there and possibly observe Inala. What he intended to do with that, Gannala didn't know. But all she knew was that she had to inform her father about it immediately.

She hurriedly tore off a tiny chit from a scroll and scribbled a line on it. Following that, she embedded a tiny dot of bone in its centre and threw it to an Empyrean Zinger, "Go, inform him."

The Empyrean Zinger grabbed the chit and jumped from one hanging bone pillar to the next until it approached the hole leading into the food pipe. The bending of space ended here, as the food pipe's width rapidly shrunk from over twenty-something metres to a couple of centimetres rapidly.

It seeped its Prana through the tiny dot of bone on the chit and turned it into its Spirit Container. Through its psychokinesis, it controlled the chit, causing it to move around, wobbly. It then rolled up the chit and sent it into the food pipe, careful in its motion to not scrape against the walls.

But even then, the act of something moving up his throat was revolting for Inala as he hurriedly rushed into the bathroom and threw up a little, watching the chit be present amidst the pile of bile. He unfurled the chit to see a sentence written, one that sent chills up his spine.

[The Boar King is watching!]

'Fuck!' That was his immediate reaction. He then immersed the chit in acid that melted it in a matter of seconds and poured the product into a waste bin, thereby erasing all traces.

'I have left a couple of clues that would point Loot's location to be somewhere far away from here.' Inala thought in distress, 'So, why is Brangara still here?'

"This is bound to mess things up." He sighed, feeling a headache as he began to think up another set of plans. 'Such is the sordid fate of a schemer.'



Chapter 339 Boar King Equivalent of Free Humans

The fact that the Boar King was watching Inala made him nervous. But since he didn't have his power, he wasn't able to sense the Boar King's presence through his Secondary Nature as he did usually.

Therefore, without being able to pinpoint the Boar King's position or movements, it was hard for Inala to know what the latter was up to. He could only rely on Gannala for that, but it wasn't convenient to communicate.

He would have to puke out the messages, which wasn't possible in all situations. As Gannala was reading his memories and was aware of the Boar King's position, she knew when to message him. But the window of opportunity for that was limited.

Most of the time, he was accompanied by either Taltal or Wittral, having very little private time. It implied less information through which he had to make preparations, which meant he had to put extra care into his plans and think of a crazy number of possibilities.

'Gannala, alert me whenever I'm in the Boar King's line of sight or Prana sense range by scratching my throat. That's enough.' He thought, aware that Gannala received the message immediately. He coughed once when an Empyrean Zinger placed its hand in the food pipe and made light scratches.

It meant that the Boar King was watching him now. 'So, I can neither reveal the fact that I have a biome inside me nor can I talk to Wittral as usual and unnecessarily increase his hatred towards the Boar King. I need to be careful.'

Wittral was in a mentally weakened state and opened up a lot to Inala, someone in a similar situation. It provided Inala ample opportunity to get into Wittral's head and plant whatever he wanted in there and nurture them.

"Argh!" There was a shrill scream from a nearby room, the usual as Inala wasn't in the least flustered by it. Rather, he peered outside and observed that the Death Hour was about to begin, nodding in response, 'It's time for his suicidal tantrum.'

He approached the room and opened the door, only to find Wittral rush past him in an effort to rush into the sea. In habit, Inala extended his hand, grabbed Wittral by the scruff of his neck, and pulled him back.

His hands slung across Wittral's back to envelop him in a hug while applying pressure to stop his march. A stern voice, but filled with care resounded, "Calm down, Wittral."

"You haven't recovered your powers yet."

"…" Wittral raged for a few seconds as he watched a wall of mist form on the Dralh Sea due to the effects of Death Hour. His shoulders slumped in disappointment as his hands coiled around Inala, burying his face on her shoulder, inhaling in frustration, "I hate this life!"

"We had a breakthrough this afternoon." Inala said, his voice soothing, "You'll be back to normal very soon."

"How long do I have to stay like this, Inala?" Wittral asked, his eyes red, barely holding back tears, "It's vexing to see my people treat me like a fragile vase that will shatter without their protection."

"I was treated as their Deity until now! But here I am, having fallen from grace, wasting my Clan's resources needlessly." He sobbed.

"Take a seat, I'll brew you some tea." Inala consoled Wittral and began to brew some tea, one that was vastly tastier than what he made at Fral Island, since he was now fully armed with Lurt's data, "It's your favourite."

Once the tea's aroma wafted into his nostrils, Wittral calmed down. He jugged a glass full of tea and relaxed enough to speak with more clarity of mind than before, "I too experienced a breakthrough in my research. I created a tissue that can react and store a small amount of Prana. I don't know if I can evolve it into a Spirit Container, but it surely can become one that holds Prana."

"As long as we figure out the means to create a Spirit Container that can trigger our cultivation techniques, we might be able to rebuild a Spirit Container in our heart," Inala said, sharing the results of his research.

Taltal was at the 2-Life Stage. When she arrived to assist them in their research, she split her bodies between Inala and Wittral. Thereby, both could proceed in their respective line of thought and compile their gains in the end to succeed.

Wittral was originally an expert in the field of medicine refining. And now, his situation only prompted him to exercise this talent of his more.

"Fucking Boar King," Wittral expressed his rage, "If he never came here, this would have never happened."

'Maybe this is a good time to reveal that.' Inala thought, pausing for a second to smile subtly when there was an itch in his throat. It was Gannala giving him confirmation that the Boar King was within earshot to hear his conversation. That meant he could finally lay down the intricate details of the story he had set sailing before.

"I'm sorry," Inala expressed sadness as he spoke in pain, "If I had never come here, then you wouldn't have suffered so much. It's all my fault."

"I told you to never mention it like that!" Wittral raised his voice, "You were merely forced by that bastard."

"What could you have done? You're nothing but an ant before the Boar King. Even my Cooter Clan is afraid of him."

"I could have committed suicide if I truly wished to never implicate others." Inala shed tears. His hands trembled as he gritted his teeth, "But I wanted to live! No matter what, I don't want to die. So, I did whatever he asked me to."

"Inala…" Wittral held Inala's trembling hands, "I don't blame you. We all wish to survive. That's only natural."

"I…am not Inala." Inala's words were heavy. His lips trembled, afraid; his face expressed distress, fighting against the urge to keep his secret. He stared at Wittral, "Can you…keep what I'm about to say a secret?"

"I'll give you my word." Wittral nodded resolutely, patting his chest, "This, I vow on my life."

"Thank you," Inala let out a relieved chuckle, "It all started sixty-six months ago."

"I come from a place called the Sanrey Plains. It was established by my grandfather, Fhoong Brimgan after he lost the successor war in the Brimgan Empire and fled with his supporters." Inala began to recount a made-up story that was portrayed realistically.

He got up and invited Wittral to his bedroom. He opened a secret drawer there, one filled with scrolls that he had painted in his free time. He pulled up one of them and unfurled it to reveal the image of his female form dressed in fluffy clothes of six different shades.

The hair of the woman in the picture was adorned with jewels. Braided threads of gold hung from these jewels, like curtains on walls over her hair, each step of the way. Her hand was covered from wrist to elbow in bangles, each expensive enough to buy a house in her Kingdom.

Though dressed to the extreme in wealth, the woman in the picture had a face of absolute sadness, a maiden without a will, quite younger as compared to the current Inala.

Staring at the picture, Wittral asked, "Is this the you from…six years ago?"

Standing right outside their house, having stacked two Primary Natures of Decaleeches atop a stealth Nature was the Boar King. Though he stood in the open, his presence mired with the nature, registering in the minds of others as no different from a wall décor.

His ears pressed on the wall, the Boar King heard the conversation inside, intending to satiate his curiosity and obtain more clues regarding Loot. His eyes widened in shock as he heard Inala's subsequent statement.

"My grandfather created me to be the Boar King equivalent of the Free Humans."



Chapter 340 Inala’s Bullshit 2.0

Sanrey Plains, Ganrimb Kingdom Capital City!

Walking through a wide corridor in the palace was Fhoong Brimgan, moving as a single body, with the remainder present in the throne room. Built adjacent to the palace was a smaller palace, meant for the concubines, existing solely to entertain him.

With a wide grin, Fhoong Brimgan entered the place, denoted as the Crimson Palace.

"We greet the Ganrimb King!" A row of concubines saluted him, their flowery dresses fluttering under the wind. The Crimson Palace was created with vents in such a fashion that the flowing air would circulate through its corridors and create strong winds within, keeping the place airy and fresh.

It also created a spectacular scenery as the gowns of all the concubines fluttered as they walked, a sight that caused his heart to skip a beat, no matter how many times he saw it.

"I'm here to visit Amita." Fhoong Brimgan addressed the leading concubine of the year.

"This way," The leading concubine bowed and led the way forward, "She's staying put now."

"Good." Fhoong Brimgan descended through a flight of stairs and arrived before a well-decorated room that doubled down as a prison. He opened the door and smirked at the figure kneeling on the floor before him, expecting his arrival. "The discussions are a success."

"The Mudropper has accepted you as its disciple."

"…Yes." The woman dressed like the queen was Amita Brimgan, his granddaughter, and the sole individual in the Ganrimb Kingdom that was allowed to succeed the surname of Brimgan.

"Why aren't you happy?" Fhong Brimgan frowned, expressing mild anger, "I have given you an opportunity to surpass Free Humans and become a supreme existence."

"What else are you dissatisfied with?"

"I…just wish to paint." Amita Brimgan spoke meekly, "I'm not interested in something as absurd as surpassing the Boar King."

"Foolish!" Fhoong Brimgan snorted as a chakram appeared beside him. He threw Amita Brimgan on it and carried her out, taking on his Kinesis Deity form as he left the Ganrimb Kingdom and ran towards the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

"Is this the only way, grandfather?" Amita Brimgan asked, almost resigned to her fate. "Can't I just follow your cultivation path?"

"You're supremely talented, Amita." Fhoong Brimgan sighed as he took a moment to explain in patience, "The level of affinity towards Prana that you're born with easily surpasses all Free Humans I have seen, even back at the Brimgan Empire. Born with 100 Prana, you're a supreme existence among Free Humans."

"If anyone can surpass the Boar King, that's you." Fhoong Brimgan said, "And only the Mudropper can unlock that potential of yours."

…

"You were born with…a hundred Prana?" Wittral muttered in shock, "That's absurd."

"I can't believe that is possible."

"But here I am." Inala smiled wryly, "When I was born, my grandfather couldn't believe his eyes. Worried that someone might harm me, he locked me in the Crimson Palace. I was pampered, yes. But I never left the Crimson Palace until I was accepted as the Mudropper's disciple."

'Hundred?' The figure of the Boar King spying on their conversation was stunned by this information, 'That's better than even Yarsha. There's a second Free Human born with such an absurd genetic gift?'

Having been living with Yarsha Zahara, the Boar King knew exactly how special she was. Wielding Prana came naturally as breathing to her. She could even mimic the abilities of Primary Natures such as Prana Shock without trouble.

It was as if Sumatra Continent dumped all the good stuff that could exist among Free Humans into her. The more he lived with her, the more he understood her excellence. Yarsha Zahara was an individual who casually stood atop the rest of the Free Humans of Sumatra.

'And now, there's a second one?' Even the Boar King found it hard to believe, 'Moreover, she's born with a hundred Prana. Even Yarsha was only born with ninety-nine Prana.'

It might only seem like a one-unit difference in Prana, but the implications were heaven and earth. While Yarsha Zahara was born with an absurd amount of Prana, Amita Brimgan was born with the maximum possible amount for someone at the Spirit Stage.

This meant that the sole limitation inhibiting Amita Brimgan was the power system that limited cultivators at the Spirit Stage to possess a maximum of a hundred Prana.

"I was naturally gifted at wielding Prana." Inala continued to speak, "I could mould it and release it to unleash effects on par with Iron Grade Natures like Prana Shock."

His words shocked the two listeners, one more than the other as the Boar King witnessed the same from Yarsha Zahara, 'The fact that she can say this is enough proof that she was born similar to Yarsha.'

"Now I understand why you always appreciated the scenery and painted," Wittral nodded, relating to Inala's situation. He was pretty restricted too, considering how valuable he was to the Cooter Clan.

There was always someone accompanying him no matter where he went. Of course, his situation was many times better than Inala's, "Did it improve once you became the Mudropper's Disciple?"

"No, it became worse." Inala sighed, "From a palace room to a region of stillness and darkness. It was horrifying to live in the Sandy-Grey Void."

He pulled out a second scroll that displayed a picture of the Mudropper, continuing his story, "I felt stifled there."

…

The Mudropper exited the Sandy-Grey Void ring and stared at the figures of Amita and Fhoong Brimgan, opening its mouth to speak in human tongue, "For this cooperation, you'll supply me with all the necessary resources."

"That's only natural." Fhoong Brimgan said and patted Amita Brimgan, "She's the one I told you about."

"I can see that she's blessed by Prana." The Mudropper commented upon staring at Amita Brimgan, "Alright, I'll nurture her."

"It's also to my benefit if she can enter the Mystic Grade."

"Go on, greet your master." Fhoong Brimgan patted Amita Brimgan and returned to his Kingdom.

"I greet master." Amita Brimgan bowed in response.

"Address me as teacher from now onwards," The Mudropper said and brought her into the Sandy-Grey Void, "We'll first start by getting you accustomed to the Sandy-Grey Void."

…

"Wait a second." Wittral interrupted her in confusion, "If the Mudropper trained you to live in the Sandy-Grey Void, why were you that helpless when our ship was caught in the Sandy-Grey Void?"

"What…ship?" Inala tilted his head, "I was waiting for the ship when Nurnur informed me about it. But when I woke up, I wasn't at the Fral Island anymore."

"I had been brought to the mine at the Leh Island."

"Then," Goosebumps formed on his skin as Wittral felt terrified, "Then who the heck was that with me?"

"That was probably a clone of Loot, the Boar King," Inala explained.

"Loot is…the insane Boar King?" Wittral asked, intending to confirm.

"Yes," Inala nodded, "I have no idea what happened during his fight against the Mammoth Clan. But one body of the Boar King definitely went insane."

"Three months after I became the Mudropper's disciple, he visited us, bringing with him three people enveloped inside a giant Prana Bomb." Inala gritted his teeth in anger, "Everything went downhill after that."

"Loot caused a series of tragedies just because of his desire to reach the Mystic Grade."



