Chapter 101 Another Empyrean Tusk Herd

"Trapped, captured, this is just like that time." The Boar King muttered as he was crushed by the pressure at the centre of mass formed by the gravitational collapse of two Empyrean Tusks. And when it initiated a fusion reaction, he died.

As the red-hot ball of iron fell to the ground, the Boar King's figure appeared next to it. He lost his second life, causing his cultivation to fall to the minimum.

1-Life Stage!

It could also be expressed as the peak of the Body Stage. Now that he had fallen to such a state, the moment he gets killed, he'll truly die. "But, it doesn't matter. I'll kill them all."

'Gannala is a descendant of the Clan that annihilated my race.' He gritted, 'And these Empyrean Tusks are birthed by her. That makes them my priority target.'

From his spot to the Empyrean Tusk herd, there was a large canyon, forming a straight line. This was created by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk when it fled after swallowing him to commit suicide.

Lava covered the area around the Boar King due to the miniature sun that flashed for a second. The heat it emitted in that short duration melted everything within a twenty-kilometre range. The Zingers beyond that sustained fourth-degree burns, with the weaker ones dying horrid deaths.

"I'm at my last life, but the lot of you are on your last leg." He said and began to sprint towards the Empyrean Tusk herd. Indeed, he was right.

All the Empyrean Tusks barely had enough Prana to not collapse under their weight. The Mammoth Clan masters were exhausted, with a good fraction of them losing enough lives that they regressed to the Body Stage.

In this situation, they didn't have the strength to fight the Boar King. They would merely be sitting ducks before him. Therefore, even though he might sustain a bit of injury from the fight, the Boar King was confident in annihilating everyone, 'It's a waste, but I'll activate a third Internal Inertial Gravity when necessary.'

Right as he was halfway towards reaching his opponents, all 42 surviving Empyrean Tusks suddenly raised their trunks and trumped in unison, "What…"

He was stunned, able to clearly hear their voice.

[Come here!]

[We're here!]

[Our enemy is here too!]

The Boar King paused and climbed over a mountain before leaping high into the air. With his current strength, he couldn't even move at the speed of sound, not to mention the hypersonic speeds he moved at the start.

He was slow as his figure arrived at a high enough altitude for him to notice a dust cloud charging at him from far away. Upon staring at the dust cloud, his expression twisted in fury, "You…DAMN…TUSKS!"

62 Empyrean Tusks were charging towards him as a pocket of air accelerated from their position. They had already launched an attack in his direction, having detected his position accurately through the fear they felt.

"Shit!" The Boar King stomped on the mountain, causing cracks to form on it as he leaped down and ran away. His full-powered stomp merely cracked the mountain, a clear indication of his reduced strength when at the start, he could casually destroy them.

In such a state, adding 62 more Empyrean Tusks into the fray would guarantee his death. Compressed chunks of earth rained down from the sky like meteors, targeting him as the Boar King dodged them.

"I'll deal with you, soon." He glared in the direction of the dust cloud from which meteors were being shot at him nonstop. The Boar King masked his presence and stealthily ran away, using the maze-like Dieng Canyon's terrain to his advantage.

Soon, the Empyrean Tusks were unable to detect his presence anymore.

As the herd of 62 Empyrean Tusks arrived at the scene, their Mammoth Clan Chief got down and rushed to their rescue. The master closest to him was Bora Tusk as he asked, "How's the damage?"

"Horrible," Bora Tusk seethed in rage, "Two of our Deities were killed. The rest barely have enough Prana to stand. All Mammoth Clan masters lost at least two lives. Some regressed to the Body Stage and the unfortunate few died."

"We've been hit severely." Boar Tusk sighed, "I'm afraid we'll be sitting ducks for the Boar King once he makes a recovery. Him being a cultivator was beyond our expectations."

"We know that information since we faced his attacks plenty of times in recent years." The Chief spoke.

"But we did manage to kill him twice." Bora Tusk gritted his teeth, "He's at his last life. If only we were a little stronger, we could have put an end to him once and for all."

"You killed him…twice?" The Chief was stunned. He turned around to stare at his Empyrean Tusk, surprised to receive confirmation from the latter. It allowed him to observe the group in a new light, "Honestly, I've only heard rumours of there being another herd. I'm pleasantly surprised to witness it myself."

"Same here," Bora Tusk nodded, "We too only heard rumours of there being another herd. I suppose we haven't come across each other due to our non-overlapping routes. Things have become less worrying now."

"You're right about that." The Chief nodded and stopped speaking suddenly, conversing with his Empyrean Tusk. His eyes lit up as he looked around, "Our Deity is saying she's sensing Gannala's presence here."

"Gannala…" Bora Tusk recalled Grehha's words as he said dejectedly, "She's our 44th Empyrean Tusk. She was one of the two Deities that died."

"I see," The Chief nodded, saying, "Originally, when the Boar King appeared, it seems the herd split into three."

"One portion entered the Sandy-Grey Void and left Sumara Continent. The remainder became the current herd I'm a part of." He then stared at Bora Tusk and his group of Settlement Leaders, "The last was formed by Gannala who escaped alone. I truly wonder how she raised so many Empyrean Tusks. That's something even we're struggling to do."

"After many years of effort, we finally had a child. But," He teared up, "the Boar King got to her."

"Still," He sensed Bora Tusk's presence and released killing intent, "It was your people that stole her in the first place. Otherwise, it wouldn't have been possible for the Boar King to kill her."

"If my lowly head could satisfy you, please sate your anger with it." Boar Tusk kneeled, "My Deity was dying. I was desperate. I wasn't even sure if there existed another Empyrean Tusk in the wild. I was grasping at straws."

"Wait, are you saying you don't know how an Empyrean Tusk is born?" The Chief frowned.

"I didn't back then." Bora Tusk said and pointed at Grehha, "But before they sacrificed themselves, our 44th and 43rd Empyrean Tusks left behind their successors."

"Tell me everything from the start," The Chief commanded as he stared at Bora Tusk, "Including your fight with the Boar King."



Chapter 102 Mysterious Woman

While the two Empyrean Tusk herds began their merger into a single herd, Inala's flight had reached the end of its path.

"Brace for impact!" He shouted and grabbed Asaeya with his left hand and held the egg tighter on his right. The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity filling up the giant Prana Bomb was almost expended.

By turning it transparent, he watched their descent, observing the terrain. Upon spotting a river ahead, he adjusted his two Prana Hands and two Life Hands acting like tiny wings to steer the course of the giant Prana Bomb, making it crash into the water.

Right as the giant Prana Bomb crashed into the water, the last of its Internal Inertial Gravity was used up. Inala used his Mystic Bone Art to transform it into a boat and paddled it to the shore, "We're alive."

"That was freakish!" Asaeya barely regained her bearings, shouting, "Why did you let her cries leak out before?"

"My heart almost stopped beating when the Boar King approached us." She complained.

"It was to distract the Boar King while the herd leaves his detection range." Inala said, "But, I'm not sure how well the plan went. Thankfully, we managed to escape alive."

"You need to explain a lot, Inala." Asaeya said, "I have no idea what to do anymore. But first of all,"

She stared at the egg in his hand, "Why was she made your responsibility in the first place?"

"By the time I came to know, it was too late." Inala sighed and explained everything.

Bam!

Asaeya punched a tree and caused it to fall, growling in rage, "Fucking Oyo! She dared do that to my…"

Inala stared at Asaeya rage around for a good few minutes. In the meantime, he probed his surroundings using his two Empyrean Zinger Scouts, ensuring it was safe. Following that, he stared at the girl sleeping within the egg, having mixed feelings, 'To think the day I finally have a daughter is through such a messed-up situation. Instead of feeling joy, I just feel sick.'

The girl wasn't a product of love, so it was hard for him to come to terms with her existence, no matter how logically he reasoned with himself.

'What…should I do?' He was unsure. He suddenly found himself lacking the drive necessary to forge ahead. Until now, there was a constant threat looming overhead, forcing him to fight for survival.

But now that he had landed at a peaceful area, all his suppressed thoughts came surging back into his mind-space. He was confused.

He didn't have loyalty to the Mammoth Clan in the first place. The only reason he was tied to it was due to his resource requirement. Honestly speaking, he was enamoured by the world of Sumatra Chronicles, hoping to live in such a world.

But, not in a survival setting. He wanted to take in the sights of different wondrous regions, meet all sorts of cultures, and cultivate peacefully. Basically, he wanted to be an unfettered traveller and enjoy this cultivation world to its fullest.

Unfortunately, that didn't seem to be a realistic choice unless he reached the peak of cultivation and no longer needed resources to cultivate. The only other choice granting some level of freedom was to nurture his daughter.

And when she grows up, she'll generate the resources he needs on her own. He would be able to protect her by himself thanks to his Tertiary Nature. Thereby, he could go wherever he wanted instead of being taken by the herd through its designated route.

"Inala," Asaeya had calmed down enough to speak properly. She stared at his daughter and asked, "She's the 44th Empyrean Tusk, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "Since the inheritance ceremony is done, she's the new Gannala."

"How does that work?" Asaeya asked, "Does the mind of the previous 44th Empyrean Tusk take over her or is it something else entirely?"

"I'm not fully sure," Inala said, "It'll take some time to figure it out."

'I need to digest and comprehend all the memories I gained from Gannala.' He thought and retracted the two Empyrean Zinger Scouts. They reverted to their nail-sized forms and perched on his head.

"What's the plan now?" Asaeya asked next, "Have we arrived far away?"

"Originally, when the Boar King chased us, I was supposed to make a thirty-degree turn," Inala shook his head, "But, I'm not sure if I was accurate enough. And at that speed, even a minor difference in angle would correlate to us landing thousands of kilometres away from the designated point."

"Initially, we were supposed to land near the Rumtara Kingdom and then make our way to the Brimgan Empire. We'll wait there until the herd arrives at the Empire." Inala said.

"I know about the Brimgan Empire. We trade with them every century. They are one of our biggest customers." Asaeya said, having learnt about the Brimgan Empire at the Academy of Refinement. "But isn't the Rumtara Kingdom less than a century old? We haven't traded with them yet, so we have no intel on them. And usually, Kingdoms don't last long."

"What if it's in ruins?"

There was no internet or means of communication over long distances in Sumatra Continent. There were no birds. Meaning, they couldn't even send letters over long distances.

Moreover, anything sent on foot could very well end up in the stomach of some random Pranic Beast.

"There are routes we can take to the Brimgan Empire from the Rumtara Kingdom. So, even if we don't decide to settle there, we need to reach it. That's the only notable place in this region." Inala said. "And only by reaching there can I say with assurance that we're beyond the range where the new Gannala's cries wouldn't be audible to either the Empyrean Tusk herd or the Boar King."

Suddenly, by reading the memories of one of his Empyrean Zinger Scouts, he grabbed Asaeya and hid behind a tree. With a snap of his finger, a hole formed in the boat and caused it to sink. It was his Spirit Weapon, so he could bring it to the surface whenever he wanted.

His two Prana Hands and Life Hands shot towards him and hovered beside him, reverting to their original appearance. Inala took a piece of bone and turned it into a Bone Slip. Once Asaeya touched it, his voice resounded in her mind, "Someone's coming. And judging by their sound, they seem human."

Inala seeped his Prana into his Empyrean Zinger Scout and made it glide across the air gently in its nail-sized form and perched it on a tree branch. As long as it was connected to his Prana, he could communicate with it over long distances.

Of course, the limit was the same as his Spirit Weapon's range. As the Empyrean Zinger Scout kept watch, a humanoid individual slowly walked out from the thicket of trees.

Once they came into view, Inala frowned, communicating the image with Asaeya through the Bone Slip.

It was a human woman, middle-aged in terms of appearance. Slung on her back was an earthen pitcher that she loosened slowly before scooping out the water from the river. Once it was full, she slung it on her back and easily carried it, as if the weight didn't strain her.

"Let's follow her." Inala and Asaeya communicated with each other through the Bone Slip as they tailed the woman.



Chapter 103 A Hidden Settlement of Strangeness

The middle-aged woman seemed human at first glance. Her hair was tied into a bun, slightly unkempt. Her hands were calloused from strenuous housework and judging by her walking posture, her skeletal structure faced a mild deformity due to carrying heavy luggage for extended durations over the years.

Overall, other than her slightly abnormal strength, she seemed no different from a normal human. As the middle-aged woman walked through the forest, hovering in the air four metres away and gliding overhead was the Empyrean Zinger Scout.

As it was merely nail-sized, its smooth gliding made no sounds, not even for the faintest of ears. Shadowing forty metres away were Inala and Asaeya.

Held in his left was the egg with his daughter while in his right was a Bone Slip. It was Asaeya's Bone Slip. Whenever she thought of something, she would insert her thoughts into it and he would access them just as a Mammoth Clansman normally accessed a Bone Slip.

Similarly, Asaeya held his Bone Slip. This way, even though no words were exchanged between the two, they were able to constantly communicate with one another.

Currently, the Prana levels of both were at their minimum most, hence why they were so cautious. Inala had four Prana while Asaeya had six. Everything else had been spent during their escape from the Boar King.

Asaeya didn't have a Storage Lantern. She had just become an elite and hadn't been granted one yet. As for Inala's Storage Lantern, it only had 200 Parute fruits. All the Prana Bombs he saved were consumed to make the giant Prana Bomb.

Unless they chanced upon a weak Pranic Beast, it would be hard for them to recover their Prana. Hence, it was prudent to remain cautious.

After an hour of travelling, the middle-aged woman entered a lush green valley surrounded by mountains on all sides like a bird's nest. The only entrance was a narrow creek wide enough for a human to walk through.

The location was a utopia as the sole entrance wasn't wide enough for typical Pranic Beasts to pass through. Two women were stationed guard at the entrance, carrying wooden spears. Their clothes were simplistic at best, a mix of cotton and leather.

It was apparent that they didn't have the tools or the resources to produce proper clothes like in a settlement.

There was a clearing of twenty metres between the forest and the creak as the duo of Inala and Asaeya stopped there, communicating with each other through their respective Bone Slips.

"Shall we pose as travellers and enter from the front?" Asaeya asked.

"No, that's foolish." Inala said, using his experience as an artist to glean into the details of the attire of the two guards, "At first glance, they seem to resemble refugees. Judging by the poor workmanship of their clothes, it has been a while since they ran away from a Kingdom. And for some reason, they either didn't bother to make new clothes or simply couldn't find any resources to do so."

"I don't feel the second case can be the reason." Asaeya expressed her doubts, "We've seen that mighty river nearby. The soil here is fertile enough for these trees to grow. So, growing some cotton plants shouldn't have been an issue."

"You're right," Inala nodded and motioned for her to follow him. The duo circled around the mountain for a couple of minutes before stopping.

The guards were only stationed at the entrance. Therefore, all other locations were fair game to scout.

Inala approached the mountain and stared at it. It was rocky and even though the walls didn't form a cliff, they were steep enough to be dangerous.

"We'll be wasting our remaining Prana if we use our Spirit Weapons to climb up," Asaeya commented.

"That's why we'll be doing this." Saying so, Inala snapped his finger as his two Prana Hands arrived before him. They expanded into a pair of gauntlets that slid over his hands. The fingertips of the gauntlets turned into claws, sharp enough to dig into the rocky mountain as Inala began to climb.

The two Life Hands merged into his legs to turn into shoes, similarly helping with keeping his legs gripped to the rocky surface. Pointing at his back, Inala stared at Asaeya, "Climb aboard."

"Are you sure you can handle my weight?" Asaeya would have happily jumped on his back had the situation been less dangerous. Carrying her means he'll be using up more Prana to keep up with the climbing until they reach the peak.

Since his abilities were what would allow them both to recover their Prana, she didn't wish for him to become exhausted beforehand.

But in the face of her consideration, Inala flexed his biceps, "See these babies. Without the Fragment Disease, I'm a whole other level of beast."

"Don't come crying later." Rolling her eyes in response to his boast, Asaeya positioned herself on his back and held the baby Gannala in one hand.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala raised his strength and sprinted over the walls, shocking Asaeya when he covered over 600 metres within ten minutes. "H-How?"

"I'm a Zinger," Inala stated as a matter of fact, "Climbing is kind of my thing, you see."

Upon reaching the peak of the mountain, the duo observed the valley within. The mountain range converged to form two rings, forming the symbol '8'. At the point of connection of the two rings was a massive mountain, sporting a crater at its peak. It seemed to have been an active volcano at one point in history.

But now, filled to the brim within the crater was water, forming a lake. Drawing water from the lake were people from either settlement.

Within a minute, Inala noticed an oddity. In each ring was a settlement, living disconnected lives.

In the ring to the left, the settlement was occupied by women and in the other ring's settlement were men, both shabbily dressed with a mixture of fabric and leather.

There were approximately four thousand women and around six hundred men. The women seemed to farm while the men mined in the caves.

Another difference was in their physique. While the women seemed overworked, they were healthy and brimming with vitality. Conversely, the men didn't have much to do in the sparsely mineral-rich caves, but their bodies were emancipated.

What was most puzzling was the fact that there was only one entrance here, situated in the women's ring. There seemed no way for the men to exit their ring as after some observation, Inala noticed that the men weren't even allowed on the side of the women.

"This place is strange, Inala." Asaeya asked, "What do we do? We need to find out where we are and also recover our Prana. There's nothing to eat out here. So it'll just add to our exhaustion if we camp out."



Chapter 104 Murkiness Underneath Serenity

Mammoth Clansmen were basically spoiled brats in terms of food, having never faced the issue of hunger. The Empyrean Tusk always produced more than enough food for their needs.

Inala wasn't worried about that even in the likelihood of him leaving the Clan. After all, as long as he slaps a Pranic Beast with a Prana Bomb, he could have his fill in terms of both nutrients and Prana. The fluid within the Prana Bomb was that nutritious once it absorbed Prana to the limit.

Zingers typically only consume the Prana Bombs. All they consumed other than that was water from the Baobab Trees.

Hence, Inala had been a tad careless in his preparation regarding food. And that came to bite his ass now. There were no Pranic Beasts in the vicinity. 'Do I have to use my Prana Hand on the people? No!'

He refrained from thinking in such a direction. That was a path with no return. He would become worse than Virala. Of course, he would eventually have to tread that path, as that was a necessity in his preparation to beat the Boar King. But Inala wished to retain at least some level of innocence until then.

While he was hesitating, the sun began to set. Nighttime was approaching. Suddenly, there was a surge of Prana from the river far away, causing him to stare in the direction.

"W-W-What the heck is that?" Asaeya shrilled in a fluster.

Goosebumps formed on his skin as Inala noticed hair-like strands protruding out of the river in the thousands. They appeared hair-like from his position, but the fact that he could see them from so far away meant they were massive in truth.

Like leeches, the hair-like strands jutted out of the river, reaching as high as a hundred metres, beginning to eerily dance. Immediately in response, a black wave flowed out of the river. Once Inala focused on them, he noticed the black wave was due to the tens of thousands of Pranic Beasts rushing out of the river in unison.

Each Pranic Beast reached a metre in length, sporting hundreds of legs like a centipede but their bodies were that of a house lizard. Their tongues flicked out from time to time as a grating sound resounded while they rushed out of the river.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Slump Lizard!

"Shit! It's not that this region is safe. It's just the entire ecosystem here is nocturnal." Inala shouted as he slumped Asaeya on his back and began to climb down the mountain, intending to seek refuge at the settlement.

Despite being slow, the swarm was capable of scaling up the mountain, hence posing a severe risk.

Staying out against the swarm was foolish, despite his abilities. The moment he slips up or tires out, he would be devoured by the swarm. Had Asaeya been at full strength, he wouldn't have been afraid, but the situation was too dangerous to take a gamble.

Of course, the humans in the settlement rubbed him the wrong way for some reason. Hence, he decided to trust his instinct and not make contact with them.

While climbing down, Inala observed the two women guards retreating inside. Zingers had exceptional eyesight, similar to a bird, hence allowing him to observe everything in detail.

A group of women rolled a boulder to patch up the entrance. One after another, the women exited their houses, wielding wooden spears while donning leather armour.

The moment Inala touched the settlement ground, he rolled until he reached the sides of a wooden hut. All the houses in the settlement were made of wood and seemed a bit dated. Once he arrived safely, Inala sent in an Empyrean Zinger Scout—in its miniature form—through the window, observing the house to be empty.

He then motioned for Asaeya to arrive, keeping watch while she rolled through the grass similarly. The duo sneaked into the house and heaved a sigh in relief.

Through his Prana, Inala controlled an Empyrean Zinger Scout like a Spirit Weapon and made it hover sixty metres above ground. Sixty metres was the maximum range for a Mammoth Clansman at the Spirit Stage.

As he was in the Body Stage, his range was slightly above that. But to conserve his Prana, he remained within his optimal range, which ended at sixty metres. From this height, the Empyrean Zinger Scout was able to observe their surroundings.

Most of the women from the settlement had converged upon the entrance, waiting there in a battle-ready state. The only ones that hadn't participated in that were girls who were too young to fight.

One of the women rushing towards the entrance stopped suddenly as her eyes shot in the direction of the house Inala and Asaeya were at. She sniffed the air and exuded a slightly maddened presence, "I smell a man here!"

'Something's indeed amiss here.' Inala observed calmly as he took on his female form. The woman only walked towards their house halfway before turning around to rush towards the entrance, unable to sense the scent of a man anymore.

"Later," Inala said upon noticing Asaeya's shock at his transformation. He did tell her a bit about his powers, but not everything. So, her surprise was warranted.

In a few minutes, scuttling sounds filled the valley as the Slump Lizards reached the entrance, beginning to bombard the boulder.

"Steady!" A middle-aged woman who appeared to be the leader of the settlement shouted as she gripped her spear tighter. Cracks began to cover the boulder as the intensity of the bombardment increased steadily.

As dust spilt out of the boulder, their surroundings darkened. Soon, the moment nightfall approached, intense Prana billowed out of the lake in the centre of the two-ringed settlement as a giant Pranic Beast emerged, reaching a height of twenty metres.

"Uroooooooo!" It unleashed a bird's screech as immediately in response, all the women standing before the settlement's entrance dropped their weapons and ripped apart their armour.

"Gah!"

"Kuk!"

"Grr!"

They let out beastly grunts as the hair on their head combined to morph into feathers, the same for their nether regions. Anywhere hair grew on their body fused to form feathers, haphazard in shape and arrangement.

The women rolled on the ground in pain as cracking sounds resounded from their bodies. Their skeletal structure expanded in size slowly and thickened, causing their explosive power to increase.

Their hands and legs morphed into claws as talons grew out, reaching lengths over ten centimetres. The most alarming of all was their skull that protruded on the front, forming sharp beaks.

Once the transformation concluded, the over three thousand monstrous women stared at the sky and unleashed a bird screech, "Skreeee!"

"Fuck! It was a mistake to come here." Inala's face paled as he stared at Asaeya, his lips trembling as he muttered, "The people in this settlement aren't humans."

"They're part of the Ravaged Tribe."



Chapter 105 Rockatrice

In Sumatra, humanity was split into three distinct categories: Free Humans, Clansmen, and Ravaged Tribes.

A Free Human was a human cultivator who exercised complete freedom of speech, expression, and will. All humans part of a Kingdom or Empire belonged to this category. They had a means of cultivation unique to their own.

Once they reached the Body Stage, they would fuse mineral resources to their Spirit Container, shaping it into a material entity they termed the Human Avatar. Depending on the type of mineral used, the properties of the Human Avatar varied.

Generally, iron ore was the most common mineral used to forge a Human Avatar. Thereby, the cultivators who had forged their Spirit Container using iron would be called Iron Avatars.

Other than giving them a tough body, Iron Avatars had no other properties. It didn't increase their Prana or lifespan, causing the cultivators with an Iron Avatar to only possess 100 Prana even at the peak of the Body Stage. Their lifespan too was the same as a regular human.

Therefore, their strength entirely depended on the mineral. This was the human kingdom's way of cultivation.

The second category of humans were called Clansmen. They were those whose entire existence was tied to a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. The Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan fell under this category. The human cultivators of this category were the strongest.

And apart from a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, they had the highest potential to become one of the strongest in Sumatra. Clansmen who reached the end of cultivation could pretty much be ranked within the top 10 in terms of power rankings in Sumatra.

In terms of their power, lifespan, lifestyle, and stability of life, Clansmen reigned at the top. Following them in second place were the Free Humans. And finally, present at the bottom of the barrel was the Ravaged Tribe.

Forming the Ravaged Tribe were humans that had fled a ruined human Kingdom. While fleeing, they by mistake barged into the territory of a powerful Pranic Beast, usually an Advance or Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast or even a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Upon noticing these intruders, the regional overlord would enslave them through its Prana, adding an imprint of itself in their Spirit Container.

This was no different from the Prana Domination Skill used by Inala. But Prana Domination Skill was derived through the Mystic Bone Art. Hence, it was only effective against a Mammoth Clansman.

Powerful Silver and Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had a stronger version of the same Skill, capable of unleashing it on all Free Humans they have subdued.

The Pranic Beast ends up enslaving the humans, forcing them to serve it and be available at its beck and call. It doesn't end here.

Its imprint is so powerful that it ends up polluting their Spirit Containers, morphing them to its needs. The moment this happens, the Free Human becomes part of the Ravaged Tribe.

Just as a Pranic Beast's cultivation only involves growing from an infant to an adult, the humans part of the Ravaged Tribe too are the same. Their cultivation ends the moment they enter the Body Stage.

They cannot fuse a mineral to their Spirit Container. That no longer is an option. The moment they enter the Body Stage, they are done with cultivation.

Their Spirit Container would absorb some of the Pranic Beast's qualities. And at a command from the Pranic Beast, these qualities would manifest, causing the appearance of the Ravaged Tribesmen to change.

And in such a state, they became devoted slaves of their master—the Pranic Beast.

The reasons for the Pranic Beasts creating the Ravaged Tribe are countless. One of the primary factors is to have protection for their young, since these powerful Pranic Beasts are usually alone and govern their territory. When they go out to hunt, there's no one to defend their young.

And as slaves, the Ravaged Tribe would never be able to harm their young. Instead, they would give their all to protect the young.

The second major reason is evolution.

Yes, by creating its exclusive Ravaged Tribe, the Pranic Beast would only have to wait. When it dies of old age, it would transfer ownership of the Ravaged Tribe to its offspring.

Over the generations, the Ravaged Tribe too would be changing as their Spirit Containers would adapt to the Pranic Beast's imprint better, becoming optimised over the generations. The Ravaged Tribe becomes more and more attuned to being servants of the Pranic Beast.

And as their population booms, the Master's Prana quality would improve naturally. And eventually, when the accumulations reach a pivotal point, the Pranic Beast becomes a stronger version of itself. It will move up a minor Grade or at times, even increase its Grade, jumping from Silver to Gold or from Gold to the peak of Gold.

Sumatra Chronicles delves into detail about the Ravaged Tribe as pretty much most of the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts controlled a sizeable population of the Ravaged Tribe each.

Moreover, it had to be noted that even the Mammoth Clan was once part of the Ravaged Tribe. Being slaves to the Empyran Tusks generation after generation for tens of thousands of years, there eventually came a tipping point.

It was when the Mammoth Clan Ancestor was born, elevating the status of the Mammoth Clan from a Ravaged Tribe to Clansmen status. It was then that the Mammoth Clan went from slaves to the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

Both the Mammoth Clan and the Empyrean Tusk became inseparable after that. And it was only thanks to this achievement did the Empyrean Tusks evolve into Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, reaching the pinnacle of Sumatra Continent.

To reach the same level of strength and status, every single Pranic Beast worth its salt created its Ravaged Tribe.

Even though the Ravaged Tribe led the lives of slaves, they had no option. The day their Kingdom fell to ruin and they weren't able to migrate to another human territory, becoming part of the Ravaged Tribe at least guaranteed their survival.

But for an outsider like Inala, this was bad news. After all, the fact that such a large Ravaged Tribe existed here meant the master of the tribe was a pretty powerful Pranic Beast. And if it manages to detect their existence, it would spell their doom.

And as the Pranic Beast emerged out of the lake in the centre of the settlement, through the Empyrean Zinger Scout's eyes, Inala observed its form, feeling all tension leave him, relaxing instead, "Phew, it's not the end."

Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Rockatrice!



Chapter 106 Slump Lizards and Rooster Tribesmen

Spanning a height of twenty metres, shaped like a pillar was the Rockatrice, an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. It sported the claws of a bird all over its giant body, usually around a hundred pairs. The number of talons per each varied between three to five.

The claw arms could extend to a length of a hundred metres, which was what the Rockatrice used to grab its prey. It was a very dangerous existence even amongst Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, but it had one fatal weakness—mobility.

The Rockatrice had no legs. Instead, it had a gelatinous lower body similar to a snail's, with the muscles there primarily created to endure its body weight. Therefore, even moving a metre in distance took days.

Hence, a Rockatrice typically settled in highly frequented junctions through Sumatra and simply gobbled up all prey that came its way. Of course, there was no guarantee of that. Hence, it was one of the races that actively gathered humans to form a Ravaged Tribe.

Primary Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

By consuming its Prana, the Rockatrice was capable of erecting large rocky pillars. It usually used its ability to alter the terrain with mountains. This would force all Pranic Beasts in the region to move through the valleys, for that was the shortest distance.

The mountains would typically be rocky and dangerous to climb. Hence, every creature instinctively took the valley route. And at the centre of this valley, at the crossroads of multiple valley routes would be the Rockatrice, lying in wait.

But that was only in its initial phase.

A Rockatrice required a primary diet of grains, ranging from rice to pulses. Therefore, the moment it captures some Free Humans, it turns them into the Ravaged Tribe and alters the rocky terrain into an enclosed safe zone.

The Ravaged Tribe would live here while farming and mining for resources, increasing their numbers over time. And they would constantly bring in food and mineral ores for the Rockatrice's consumption.

The ringed structure of the settlement was its doing. Of course, that took it decades, if not a century or two to complete.

With a Prana capacity of 2800 and a lifespan ranging around 520 years, the Rockatrice was a long-lived entity, thereby having more than enough time and energy to create such an elaborate settlement and raise people for the needs of it and its offspring.

Considering the population of its Ravaged Tribe was almost nearing five thousand, it was doing pretty well.

Had it been the Ravaged Tribe of any other Pranic Beast, Inala would have been terrified. But being in the territory of a Rockatrice was one of the safest. Of course, that was only for cultivators on the level of Inala and Asaeya.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

With a Prana capacity of 1800 and a lifespan of 341 years, Inala was a formidable foe. Moreover, he had three Natures, a feat seldom attainable by cultivators.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Grim Knell!

With a Prana capacity of 3449 and a lifespan of around 593 years, Asaeya too was a terrifying individual. She had two Natures and her powers were one of the most troublesome to exist.

As long as they recovered some Prana, they could easily deal with a Rockatrice. After all, as long as they remained beyond its range of 100 metres, they could attack it while it remained helpless.

And the strength of the Ravaged Tribe wasn't threatening to them since the abilities of both excelled at countering a swarm.

"If it's a Rockatrice, we can be safe here." Asaeya nodded, "But the Ravaged Tribe under it are noted to have a strong mating tendency, almost to a destructive level. It makes sense why the two genders are split here."

Since Inala could transform into a woman, they had virtually no problems to deal with.

By now, the boulder at the entrance shattered into pieces of rocks as Slump Lizards poured in, spreading across the settlement. It seemed they had a goal, which was to deal with the eggs laid by the Rockatrice.

Once they hatch and mature, the strength of the settlement would be elevated further. And the Pranic Beast living under the river disliked it. Hence, it instigated the Slump Lizards to attack the settlement.

It seemed to be a daily occurrence, judging by the way the women of the Ravaged Tribe fought. With every swipe of their sharp talons, a Slump Lizard was shredded into pieces.

Ravaged Tribe—Rooster Tribesmen!

It was what the Ravaged Tribe under a Rockatrice was called in Sumatra Chronicles.

As the number of Slump Lizards pouring in was vastly overwhelming as compared to the over three thousand Rooster Tribesmen, many slipped through the gaps in defence and spread around the settlement.

When a Slump Lizard skittled across a house at the edge of the settlement, a bone hand grabbed it by the head and yanked it away. A dozen seconds later, a shrivelled corpse was thrown out which was devoured by an Empyrean Zinger Scout.

"They are merely infants," Inala muttered in his female form, appearing like a middle-aged lady. "Give me an hour."

"Remain within a 60-metre range." Asaeya expressed her worry, "That way, you can communicate with me through the Bone Slip. No matter the enemy, I can instantly neutralise it."

She was confident in her strength. After all, she was able to blind even the Boar King for an instant. That meant there didn't exist an opponent in Sumatra that couldn't fall prey to her power.

Even though she was terrified during the encounter with the Boar King, that experience played a pivotal role in boosting her confidence levels.

"No worries," Inala laughed as he rushed out of the house, muttering, "Without having to worry about my bones fracturing when I move, I can freely fight."

The moment he jumped out of the house, three Slump Lizards noticed his presence. Their bodies shone for a moment before he tumbled hard, slamming his face into the ground.

Primary Nature—Grand Slump!

It was a weak ability that caused the target to stumble and fall to the ground, no matter their body structure, whether humanoid or serpentine. The only requirement was for the target to be in motion. And it was an ability that stacks upon itself.

Therefore, the greater the number of Slump Lizards targeting you, the stronger your fall. As a result, blood dripped out of Inala's nose.

Right as the three Slump Lizards skittled towards him, a bony hand grabbed their heads, exerting enough strength to crush their skulls. Two Prana Hands and one Life Hand. Upon contact, they absorbed Prana and Lifeforce.

A few seconds later, Inala got up, a couple years younger and with a bit more reserve of Prana. The influx of Prana healed his nose injury as he wiped the blood. Through their connection, the Empyrean Zinger Scout hovering high up in the air spotted the closest Slump Lizards.

Without any hesitation, Inala sprinted in their direction, thinking, 'How many times would I bruise my nose tonight?'

"Only one way to find out."



Chapter 107 The Grim Knell’s Overwhelming Prowess

The Empyrean Zinger Scout—perched on his head—leaped onto the three Slump Lizards, devouring their corpses. Thanks to the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, it could store a lot of food in its stomach.

As a result, it continued to eat the corpses. Of course, its limit would come pretty soon, as it was a mere newborn. Inala had two Empyrean Zinger Scouts at the moment. He planned to first feed them to the limit before making more.

His Life Bomb would have to absorb the Prana of a dozen Slump Lizards before hatching. So, he wouldn't use it before filling his and Asaeya's Prana reserves to the brim.

After having its fill, the Empyrean Zinger Scout ran on the ground and peeked from the edge of a house, making faint screeches upon noticing a group of Slump Lizards. Its screeches garnered their attention, making them chase after it.

The Empyrean Zinger was way slower than the Slump Lizards on ground, as it was only a scout. And with every few steps, it tumbled and fell to the ground, losing a lot of speed. Right as they were about to pounce on it, the Empyrean Zinger Scout entered Inala's Range, causing him to pick it up like a Spirit Weapon and place it on the roof of a house.

Two Prana Hands swooped in like a bird and grabbed a target each before flying away. Once the two Slump Lizards were depleted of Prana, they were dropped nearby Inala where the Life Hands pounced upon them next, shrivelling them up.

And finally, their shrivelled corpses made their way into the stomach of the second Empyrean Zinger Scout. This way, Inala's actions would remain discrete, leaving behind no traces that would alert the Rooster Tribesmen.

After three hours of stealthy hunting, Inala reached 100 Prana. Since he hadn't begun building his body yet, this was his limit in Prana Capacity. His nose was swollen, having fallen 240 times by now, a bit more than once per minute.

By now, he had created one more Empyrean Zinger Scout. But in terms of strength, this felt a tad weaker than the other two Scouts, making him realise a piece of important information.

'If the source of Prana is a piss-poor infant even among Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the created Empyrean Zinger Scouts would be a lot weaker than their usual selves.' He thought and grabbed the Prana Bomb that was just filled to the limit. Contained in it was 100 Prana.

Inala sent it into the house where Asaeya was calmly watching his actions. He already cracked the shell enough for her to poke in a hole and slurp its contents.

After she downed the entirety of the fluid, Asaeya activated her Mystic Bone Art, beginning to convert it into Prana. An hour later, her Prana reserves were full.

With that, she confidently stepped out of the house and clapped her hands once. In response, two Slump Lizards suddenly lost their motor functions and plopped to the ground, unmoving.

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Every sound produced by a Grim Knell would sonorously resound, akin to a bell chime. The entity that hears the chime ends up becoming the target. The Grim Knell would then be able to link two of their respective senses and rupture them in unison.

By destroying its sight, the same effect is carried onto the target too, turning it blind. The effect was temporary and could only be sustained until the Grim Knell ran out of Prana.

This ability was a perfect double-edged sword. It took out the senses of both the castor and the target equally.

Linked Rupture was the reason Death Knells were feared by other Pranic Beasts. They were Pranic Beasts with dozens of senses that could be traded away for activating their ability. And they could perfectly time it to interrupt the attacks of their targets.

They excelled at counters. Of course, they could only target as many senses as in their possession. So, there was an obvious limit. It was why despite the potency of their power, they were only Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

But their mutated version was the Grim Knell, an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Its ability was optimised to counter large swarms, the reason why it was the most valuable treasure in the 43rd Settlement's treasury.

The reason was its second ability.

Secondary Nature—Akashic Transfer!

It was a simple power. The second edge of Linked Rupture, which would affect the caster; Akashic Transfer simply transfers it away to another target. Meaning, as long as the targets were in even numbers, the Grim Knell could easily take out their senses.

The side effect would be borne by another target. And the requirement to activate both Linked Rupture and Akashic Transfer was a soundwave.

Moreover, once the second edge was transferred to another target, Linked Rupture would be maintained until the second target ran out of Prana. Therefore, with minimal Prana consumption, Grim Knell could counter large hordes.

Of course, the stronger the target, the greater the consumption for a shorter effect duration. Moreover, since the second edge was herself when she activated Linked Rupture on the Boar King, Asaeya's Prana reserves were emptied in an instant.

Clap! Clang!

Soft ringing sounds reverberated in their vicinity as all Slump Lizards dropped to the ground, losing their motor functions. Prana Bombs jumped on their bodies every second, draining them of all Prana.

And before they regained their motor functions, Life Bombs—ones that would birth the Empyrean Zinger Queen—followed suit, sucking them of all their lifespan. Since they were only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the eggs would never hatch. Hence, they remained as a reserve of lifeforce for his later consumption.

Through the Life Hands, Inala recovered his age bit by bit. It was a long, eventful night. And as dawn approached, the Slump Lizards began retreating.

By now, Inala had absorbed enough lifeforce to become a fourteen-year-old girl. His reserve expanded to three Empyrean Zinger Scouts, ten Prana Bombs, and two Life Bombs—with lifeforce.

With their Prana reserves full, Inala and Asaeya stole some harvested grains from the settlement and scaled up the mountain, reaching the peak. From this height, he observed the actions of the Rooster Tribesmen that reverted to their human forms upon sunrise.

Ten metres below the peak on the outer side, Asaeya drilled a cave for them to rest and cultivate. Exhausted from the fight, Inala fell asleep the moment he closed his eyes.

Asaeya stood watch near the entrance and observed the Slump Lizards retreat into the river, surprised to notice the swarm erasing their traces as they retreated, 'It seems like a scheme to lure in unsuspecting prey, from both sides.'



Chapter 108 Body Stage and Life Stage

Once it was dawn, the hair-like tendrils dancing over the river retreated. Asaeya observed their actions with a frown, wondering what the Pranic Beast was.

The Mammoth Clan had compiled a list of Pranic Beasts, adding in their traits, expected habitats, Primary Natures, etc. to form an encyclopedia. This was information they collected through their travel route, from both personal experience and information purchased from the various Kingdoms and Empires they traded with.

Even though the Mammoth Clan's Pranic Beast encyclopedia boasted a large collection of information, it didn't have everything.

Sumatra Continent was too large to scale. And the century-long route taken by the herd merely covered a small portion of the continent. Even there, they could only collect information from Pranic Beasts they chance upon, which bordered their travel route.

Anything beyond was pretty much dark territory, the unknown. The Rockatrice was a pretty famous Pranic Beast, with a good fraction of them setting home along the Empyrean Tusk herd's route.

After all, the route would be wide and flat as the herd passes through and stomps everything in their path. Typically, Pranic Beast territories formed around such routes, ensuring the route didn't travel within any territory. After all, it meant the respective territory would face disaster every hundred years as the herd moved through it.

As a result, Empyrean tusk routes were free from the influence of any Pranic Beasts. Therefore, it was frequented by Pranic Beasts who wished to travel from one region to another without having to enter the territories of other Pranic Beasts.

Camping along such a route meant meals would be freely delivered to its doorstep. Hence, it was popular among Rockatrice.

And whenever the Empyrean Tusk herd notices a Rockatrice, it would carefully move around it to ensure the Rockatrice wasn't harmed. The reason wasn't pity or anything. But rather, profit.

The Mammoth Clan would steal its eggs.

The eggs of an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast were valuable. Many Settlement Leaders used a Rockatrice's power. It was a defensive unit after all. The regions it protected were pretty much impossible to breach.

Moreover, if the Settlement Leaders wished to move, they would simply revert to their human forms. As they didn't have the Rockatrice's mobility restriction, in their hands, the power of a Rockatrice jumped up by many levels.

Asaeya's mother, Zahaella, had the Rockatrice's power. So, she was well aware of its nature. But even she didn't know the identity of the Pranic Beast hiding in the river that seemed antagonistic to the Rockatrice.

"This needs to be investigated." She muttered, her eyes glinting in response, "And if it's a powerful Pranic Beast with a useful ability, the Clan will benefit from its eggs. We can route ourselves to enter its territory."

The egg of every single Silver Grade Pranic Beast was valuable. After all, any Mammoth Clansmen that fused with such an egg ends up becoming a master, proving a valuable addition to the Mammoth Clan's power.

After fusing with such an egg, their lifespan would range between 300-600 years. And a majority of the time, irrespective of how much a settlement gets destroyed, masters would survive.

Eventually, they would repopulate the settlement. It was why no matter how horrible the damage, the Mammoth Clan recovered their numbers within two decades.

After all, the pillars—masters—forming the settlement's core strength remained alive. Usually, they were limited by the number of Silver Grade Pranic Beast eggs in their possession. It was because not many Silver Grade Pranic Beast territories existed on their path.

And to avoid any crippling damage, the Empyrean Tusk herd wholly avoided the territories of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Hence, they had to limit themselves to the eggs they stole from the territories of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts they had mapped out.

If she could find another such territory, it would elevate the Mammoth Clan's power by another margin.

She didn't get ahead of herself and instead meditated, familiarising herself better with the Grim Knell's power. Contained in her Primary and Secondary Nature was everything about the Grim Knell, from its habits to its instincts.

Only by familiarising herself with them could she wield her power better. It was a process all Mammoth Clansmen had to do. As they become more familiar, their mind gets shaped according to their respective Pranic Beast's body.

Only after that could they fill up their Spirit Container and build a body.

First, Asaeya had to strengthen her Spirit Container in the same way she did at the Spirit Stage. Following that, she would have to meditate and become more accustomed to the Grim Knell's body.

Her level of understanding would unlock certain sections of the Spirit Container. She would swallow an Empyrean Tusk's bone powder—usually taken from its tusk—and accumulate that in the respective sections.

Following that, she would have to refine those parts of the Spirit Container until they resemble the respective body parts of the Grim Knell. Rinse and repeat the process until she builds her Spirit Container into the Grim Knell.

The moment she completes the process, she will reach the peak of the Body Stage. At that moment, she would possess 3449 Prana, able to wield the full strength of a Grim Knell.

The Life Stage was basically a repeat of the Body Stage. Asaeya would have to rebuild the Grim Knell's body multiple times.

After finishing the first body, she would be at the peak of the Body Stage, which also translated to 1-Life Stage.

Following that, she would be able to condense a second Spirit Container. It was a repeat of the process at the Body Stage. The second Spirit Container would become a second Grim Knell. Once she completes it, she will reach the peak of the 2-Life Stage.

And the moment she condenses a third Spirit Container, she possesses two lives. Meaning, even if she were to be killed twice, she would revive.

Usually, when a master gets killed, they would choose to sacrifice their latest life, for that body was still being built. So, it meant lowering the loss of resources.

The entire process of cultivation was pretty much a strategic management of resources as one faces the struggles of life. In the Body Stage, their cultivation was limited by their understanding of their respective Pranic Beast's body.

But there was no such restriction in the Life Stage. After all, they already built their Pranic Beast body once. Repeating it a second or third time only became easier. Therefore, they were only limited by time and resources.

At present, Asaeya had a lack of resources, 'Inala said he has enough bone powder to complete his body. But if I add myself to the mix, then it's not enough for either of us.'

She stared at the egg nearby Inala, 'This mission would last until the new Gannala grows and sheds her human form to become an Empyrean Tusk. It might take years. The bone powder would be consumed long before that. Only the bone powder from the tusk is perfect. Anything else would simply lower our potential.'

She sighed, "I need to figure out a source for it before we run out."



Chapter 109 A Regionwide Trap

By noon, Inala was awake. He left two of his strongest Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the cave, one for the sleeping Asaeya and the other for the new Gannala. Their job was to protect the two and alert him of any danger.

A Zinger was capable of relaying an entire essay's worth of information through a short shout, so it was easy to transmit information through them. Besides, their cave was situated close to the peak and hidden from view.

So, it was easy to detect any enemy long before their arrival. Even for expert climbers like a Zinger, scaling up 600 metres worth of the rugged mountain slope took minutes.

Carrying the weak Empyrean Zinger Scout, Inala arrived at the peak and took a seat, observing the settlement.

Once it was daybreak, the Rooster Tribesmen reverted to their human forms. The women were tired, but they began to clean up the battlefield promptly.

The Sludge Lizard corpses were dumped into a large vermicompost pit dug within a mountain. It seemed they had perfected the process for that, judging by how healthy and robust the farm crops were growing.

There seemed to be at least sixty vermicompost pits in the settlement. As invasion by the Slump Lizards was a daily occurrence, they filled a pit daily. After sixty days, the respective pit would be dug out and the compost would be used to feed the farm.

After cleaning up the corpses, the group of women retired for the day. It was around evening time when they woke up, dividing themselves into two groups.

The first group worked on the farm. Some of them carried the farm produce to the peak of the mountain in the centre and dumped them into the lake where the Rockatrice consumed them.

Thanks to his enhanced eyesight, Inala was able to observe that the Rockatrice had a bulging body, "It's about to give birth. That's why it's consuming so much food."

All Panic Beasts in Sumatra were the egg-laying kind. The only difference was in the hatching duration. For Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Boars, the eggs hatch right as they exit their mother's womb.

It was the same for an Empyrean Tusk. When a woman with the Fragment Disease gave birth, right as the baby was about to come out, its eggshell would shatter. And here, the eggshell was only a gelatinous membrane, the same as a human.

It was also why Yennda was waiting for the moment when the egg would be fully developed and before the shell shattered.

'Since it's apparent that Empyrean Tusks are born through Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease, how were they born before the Mammoth Clan came into existence?' Inala distracted himself with the thought for a few minutes while observing the working women.

His eyes then trailed towards the second group of women who exited the settlement, forming a file as they carried an earthen vase each, approaching the river. After scooping water, they returned to the settlement and poured it into a reservoir meant for watering their farm and their daily use.

They made repeated trips until the sun was about to set. Soon, once nighttime approached, the mysterious Pranic Beast in the river unleashed a burst of Prana, causing the Slump Lizards to rush out and swarm the settlement through its entrance.

In response, the Rockatrice in the lake at the settlement's centre unleashed its burst of Prana, transforming the woman into Rooster Tribesmen.

While the two sides fought, Inala and Asaeya entered the settlement and stealthily accumulated Prana Bombs.

Before Asaeya slept, she boiled the rice grains stolen from the settlement. A morsel later, she spat it out.

At her settlement, she ate Maetalla, a nutrition-rich meaty substance created to perfectly address all of a Mammoth Clanman's nutritional and taste needs. There were flavour varieties among Maetalla, ensuring things never got boring in their food.

This was a product of evolution micro-managed to suit the Mammoth Clan perfectly to a tee. Having been spoilt by that, Asaeya couldn't even swallow a single bite of the rice grown at the Rooster Tribe settlement.

Even Inala, after living there for just ten months was spoilt. It felt like he would lose interest towards food the longer he consumed these bland grains and would lose body mass upon extended lack of food intake.

In the end, the duo decided to rely upon the Prana Bombs. The taste of the fluid in the Prana Bomb varied based on the Prana it absorbed. The Prana Bombs made using the Slump Lizards were pretty bland, but they were better than the grains.

Moreover, Inala made them absorb a unit of his Prana at the end. That raised its taste to palatable levels. In the end, they needed to hoard enough Prana Bombs for their further travel.

While Inala focused on accumulating Prana Bombs, Asaeya scouted through the settlement, scouring for information. By knowing the region better, she would be able to judge their location and eventually figure out the way to the Rumtara Kingdom.

It seemed the Rooster Tribe had been around for a couple of decades at least, based on the traces of items left behind in the houses. 'If they had been around for so long, they should have scouted this region pretty well.'

Asaeya made her way to one of the largest wooden houses and hid beneath one of its windows. She inhaled a deep breath and clapped lightly.

There were many girls within the house, seemingly doing something. In unison, they felt their senses slowly zoning out, forcing them into a state of relaxation. And as their senses vanished, they fell unconscious gently.

Asaeya retracted the effects of Linked Rupture and peered in through the window, observing around ten girls within. They had been working on sewing leather armour and other miscellaneous processes associated with it. On a shelf in the corner were leather scrolls.

Information was being recorded on them using charcoal. Asaeya tiptoed into the room to avoid waking up the girls and opened the closest scroll, observing information related to farm produce recorded on it.

There was a tribe registry, their expected yield, grain reserves, proposed future infrastructure plans, etc. Asaeya soon found a map, noticing it detailed the region between the settlement and the river. There were other maps too, but this one caught her attention, 'Wait a second…why is there another settlement here?'

There was only a blank circle drawn there, with the words next to it hinting at the possibility of a settlement. That was all. It was barebones at best, but upon pondering about it, Asaeya felt the likelihood of a settlement existing there was high.

'If the Pranic Beast in the river is strong enough to rival the Rockatrice, then it too would have captured some of the Free Humans that ran to this region.' Thinking as such, she began to look through the other scrolls, stunned upon noticing something, "Oh shit!"

"This region is a giant trap!"



Chapter 110 Intending to Influence an Existing Scheme

Asaeya hurriedly referred to other scrolls, memorising them all before rushing out. She entered many houses to find other bits and pieces of information.

At dawn, she accompanied Inala to return to their cave, stating in worry, "It's a scheme."

"What type of scheme?" Inala asked.

"The Pranic Beast in the river is an ally of the Rockatrice." She said, "They're collaborating with each other to use the Slump Lizards as a whetstone. Their purpose is to use the constant threat and repeated battles to make the Ravaged Tribe adapt faster. Basically, a forced evolution through the concept of survival of the fittest."

"Where's the other Ravaged Tribe?" Inala asked, intending to send an Empyrean Zinger Scout to scout the area.

"Underwater," Asaeya said, pointing at a sandy shore, "There aren't many clues present at the moment. It seems the Rockatrice is actively restricting the Rooster Tribe to avoid entering this region. They have been collecting resources from every other area apart from here."

"Humans cannot live underwater," Inala frowned, "Every transformation of the Ravaged Tribe takes a toll on their bodies. Even if their transformation allows them to survive underwater, it will shorten their lifespan to constantly be moving around in their transformed states…"

"Isn't that fine?" Asaeya said, trailing over the thoughts of the Pranic Beast in the river, "It seems its goal is to only create one Ravaged Tribesman that manages to perfectly adapt to the environment. As long as that individual mates with other Free Humans, the numbers of the newly evolved Ravaged Tribesmen would quickly shoot up in a couple of decades."

"Wait, that means…" Inala shuttered and hurriedly stared at the Rooster Tribesmen, observing them in detail, "All these women appear to have only been living here for a decade, at maximum two decades."

The huts in the settlement were worn out but there were no signs of repairs being conducted. Clothes? No effort was being made in that regard as the women simply made do with whatever was available.

The Rooster Tribesmen only focused on two aspects: Farming and Fighting. Both aspects were beneficial only to the Rockatrice.

By farming, they were accumulating grains necessary for the Rockatrice's consumption. And by fighting, they were better getting accustomed to their mutating bodies.

Of course, it was taking a toll on them, judging by the strained skeletal structure he observed in the women. They fought throughout the night, cleaned the settlement in the morning, slept during the afternoon, farmed, and gathered resources during the evening.

It was apparent to anyone that they were being worked to their limit. As a result, they were aging a lot faster. At this rate, they would die in three to four years. But the fact that the Rockatrice didn't seem bothered about that, despite its level of intelligence being superior to humans meant only one thing.

By pushing them to the brink of death daily, the Rockatrice was forcing them to adapt to the conditions better. And when they were on the verge of death, it made them mate and create the next generation.

It didn't matter if all of them died. No, it only selected the woman that had mutated the most according to its needs. The woman would then mate with the man who had similarly evolved the most.

They would create a batch of children who were significantly more evolved. As long as that was successful, the Rockatrice was satisfied.

It would then bring in more Free Humans who would mate with these children once they reach adulthood, creating the next generation of highly evolved Rooster Tribesmen.

Adapting to extreme situations birthed a Nature. The Rockatrice's goal was to birth a Nature in the Rooster Tribesmen that made them more adapted to the conditions.

One success in the entire settlement was enough. That successful Tribesman would breed with a new batch of Free Humans, populating the Rooster Tribe. Rinse and repeat the process and the time period required to evolve was shortened drastically.

This was the Rockatrice's goal. And the same held true for the Pranic Beast in the river. That was what Asaeya had managed to piece together by the sparse records in the Rooster Tribe.

The Rooster Tribesmen weren't even aware of this. They simply noted down their observations of their surroundings. But from an omniscient perspective and Asaeya's knowledge, she was able to derive the conclusion.

"What I can conclude is this," Asaeya said, "There's a weak Kingdom nearby that is constantly being targeted by these two Pranic Beasts using the Slump Lizards. Whenever the Kingdom is harmed, refugees flee. They are somehow lured into these two settlements."

"Indeed, life on the surface is messed up." Inala nodded.

"Do you wish to save them?" Asaeya asked.

"It's a burden." Inala shook his head, "Besides, interference from our side would only complicate things. We still don't know how many Pranic Beasts are on this scheme."

"That is true," Asaeya nodded, "Such an elaborate scheme doesn't seem like it has been concocted by only two Pranic Beasts. We might get ourselves into a lot of trouble by interfering here, which might hinder our mission."

"Besides," She spoke with a cold-hearted tone, "The people here are done for anyway. The moment they became slaves to a Pranic Beast, their lives were no longer in their control."

"So, it's not worth it to save them."

"You're not entirely right about that." Inala smiled suddenly, "There are things we can gain from this. The goal of the Rockatrice here is for the Rooster Tribesmen to gain a Nature."

Once he explained the details related to gaining a Tertiary Nature, he continued, "Therefore, if we can figure out all the conditions it's employing for a Nature to manifest, we can steer it from behind the scenes towards a result that ends up benefiting the Mammoth Clan in the long term."

"Please explain," Asaeya blinked in confusion, "I'm not sure what you're getting at."

"Look here," Inala pointed at the settlement, "A region surrounded by walls thanks to the Rockatrice's ability. People are living here as part of the Ravaged Tribe."

He then pointed towards the mountain at the centre of the settlement, "Their master is the Rockatrice living there. It's just about to lay eggs. But, what if it were to suddenly die?"

"The Rooster Tribe loses its master." Asaeya's eyes widened, able to glean slightly into his plans. She then urged him to continue, "What after that then?"

"A Ravaged Clan cannot function without a master. But, what if," Inala said, "I influence them to gain a Nature that does so? They fully evolve into the Rooster Tribe but one that doesn't need to serve a Rockatrice."

"Instead, their Nature makes them worship the Mammoth Clan." Inala concluded, "That means we would have a base on the surface, acting as a pitstop for our journey."



