Chapter 131 Blola Cries

"Blola returned an Empyrean Tusk, just like you. Do you know what that means?" Virala growled.

"You orphaned bastard!"

Resha was already aware of it the moment the Spy Bone detector showed Blola's location. The fact that Blola returned to the Clan meant he had succeeded in obtaining what he had set out to do—gain an Empyrean Tusk's power.

His parents were supposed to bring a baby Empyrean Tusk at this time. Judging by the conversation he heard between Bora Tusk and Raaha—Chief of the larger Empyrean Tusk herd's Mammoth Clan, and also Chief after the merger—before, it seemed the baby Empyrean Tusk was stolen from the larger herd.

His parents were the thieves.

Raaha said they were killed by the Boar King, including the baby Empyrean Tusk. That was why his herd had raged. And when they heard another baby—baby Gannala—Empyrean Tusk's cries, they charged in the respective direction and arrived here.

When even someone with Raaha's strength claimed that the killer of his parents and the baby Empyrean Tusk was the Boar King, Resha could only accept the verdict. So, he concluded Blola had nothing to do with it.

That was why he didn't take any action despite noticing Blola. The moment Blola arrived at the Clan, Resha was aware. He observed that Blola didn't seem to exhibit any traits of having become an Empyrean Tusk.

Rather, the presence emanating from him was that of a Spirit Moss. Resha had the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator in his past life. The fact that the reincarnates had knowledge of his past life allowed him to conclude that Blola was camping in that tunnel at the Ennoudu Plains to gain the Nature of Spirit Moss.

It was indeed a powerful ability with importance on a strategic level. But the current Resha didn't need such an ability. Hence, he didn't mind it being stolen. Besides, there was enough Spirit Moss in that tunnel for ten people to obtain the Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

Blola was using his blood to fight the Zingers. And based on its power, it was a Nature. Resha concluded that was the power he gained from a Pranic Beast.

Even he didn't have an idea as to what Pranic Beast it was, but he could feel it wasn't an Empyrean Tusk. That was why he wasn't led by Virala and instead targeted the latter.

"Is that all?" Resha stared at Virala like he was a dead man. Since he could no longer attack the latter due to Raaha's intervention, he could only turn around and return to the Clan.

'He's not targeting Blola?' Virala was stunned, 'How the fuck? Blola clearly exhibited an Empyrean Tusk's presence back then. There's only one way he would have obtained it. He ought to have killed that baby Empyrean Tusk.'

It was Virala's turn to be confused. But in the end, he snickered, 'It seems I underestimated you too much, Blola.'

"You indeed had a plan in motion for your return." Virala opened a vial and downed its contents, recovering some of his Prana. His injuries were horrible, but once he swapped one of the Nature Weapons with Ruvva's Nature Weapon, he could control his leaking blood.

The muscles around the wound tightened, blocking the blood flow. And by reducing the density of the region, he could seep Prana into it better and heal it faster. After he had stopped the bleeding, Virala got up and began to make his way to the Clan. It was safer to heal in the safety of the Clan than out here.

'Since the Chief has warned him, Resha wouldn't take action against me for the time being.' Virala sighed, 'And before he gets an opportunity to do so once again, I will grow strong enough.'

Currently, Resha was more than seventy percent into the Body Stage, approaching completion. Virala was barely at the starting line. Therefore, he had to work harder to bridge the gap.

Besides, both were building an Empyrean Tusk's body. Therefore, their resource requirement was strenuous. 'If I go the conventional route, it'll take me a century to finish building my body.'

"Then, there's only one thing to do," Muttering as such, Virala returned. He had already forgotten his anger from being almost killed. His brain simply switched to another scheme and began to think in that regard.

In the meantime, Raaha stared at the kneeling figure of Blola, "You say you obtained a Secondary Nature through an accident?"

"Yes," Blola nodded, "When our herd stopped at Ennoudu Plains to conduct a Mammoth Fair, while walking towards the fair on our Empyrean Tusk's trunk, I was sent flying by intense winds. I somehow managed to survive, but I lost consciousness in the process."

He put on a sombre tone, "When I came to, the herd had already entered the Dieng Canyon. Thankfully, Ennoudu Plains is a safe region. And while preparing to chase after the herd, I chanced upon a tunnel filled with Spirit Moss."

"So you consumed it for close to six months and gained a Nature?" Raaha calmly observed Blola.

"Yes, I obtained the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator," Blola then went on to explain about the ability, "After obtaining it, I felt I was strong enough to make my return. But then, an intense shockwave coursed from deeper into the tunnel. I was roaming the Ennoudu Plains to see if there were any other fortuitous encounters there when this happened. When I rushed towards the entrance, I saw piles of Spirit Moss strewn around."

He then pointed at the Eight-Storey Storage Tower, "This was among the rubble. When I found it, there was no imprint on it, so I made it mine. It was then I noticed a strange egg among the rubble. I could feel it was powerful and hence, I fused with it immediately."

Saying so, Blola prostrated further, "Chief, I beg you. With my Secondary Nature, I can contribute to the Clan immensely. So, please,"

He expressed genuine fluster at the end of the fake tale he had concocted, "Please help me."

"I don't know what's happening to my Spirit Container anymore."

"Come closer," Raaha said and touched Blola's forehead with his index finger, seeping his Prana into the latter. His expression turned serious as he observed Blola's Spirit Container, 'What the heck is this?'

A monster shaped like a tree with a head resembling a pitcher plant. A bloodthirsty eye opened on it, glaring at Raaha. For a moment, even he was stunned before noticing goosebumps had formed on his skin, not to mention his back was drenched with cold sweat, 'Is this even a Pranic Beast?'



Chapter 132 Weird Plant Spirit Container

Things were going as planned until Blola arrived at the Clan. He had even prepared a one-off use ability just to fool Resha's senses.

He only wished to sell the Spirit Moss in his possession and buy some Empyrean Tusk bone powder to build his body. Following that, he intended to dip and flee to the Brimgan Empire.

Based on the herd's route, he would be able to meet them in a couple of decades. By then, he would have used up all the bone powder and also amassed enough Spirit Moss to trade once again. That was his plan.

Unfortunately for him, things started going downhill from the moment the Boar King appeared. It seemed his presence had set off a chain reaction inside him.

Remember the Parute Seed he had consumed? That suddenly manifested within his Spirit Container.

After becoming an Empyrean Tusk, his Spirit Container had taken the shape of an adult Empyrean Tusk. But after the Parute Seed's appearance, that began to change. Roots protruded from the Parute Seed and gradually filled up the Empyrean Tusk's legs.

Its stem filled the body while a flower bloomed out of its trunk, gradually transforming into a pitcher that could bloom like a flower, with the petals covered by jagged teeth. It had suddenly taken on Eldritch qualities, terrifying Blola.

The entire process happened gradually over the course of a week. It was subtle and didn't even alert him, growing like a plant undetected by all. By the time Blola noticed it, things had already progressed beyond recovery.

Even though Blola trod the same path as Resha, their timing was different. When Resha consumed the Parute Seed, he was in the Life Stage. The case was the same as when he obtained the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

But what about Blola?

The first Nature he obtained was that of Spirit Moss Cultivator. This was when he was in the Spirit Stage. Secondly, he consumed the Parute Seed while at the Spirit Stage too.

The Parute Seed was something that formed at the end of a million years. What exactly was a Parute Tree, how it came into existence, etc. none knew about it.

Even Sumatra Chronicles never delved into the matter. The only account regarding the Parute Seed was from Resha's perspective. And it happened towards the endgame.

Soon after he consumed the Parute Seed, Resha was killed by the Boar King. So, if there were any hidden effects in the Parute Seed, it was unknown as Resha was killed before it could manifest.

And that seemed to be the truth here.

Resha was at the Life Stage when he had done so, already building his second body. Therefore, he was resistant to changes even at the genetic level.

But Blola's case was different since he consumed the Parute Seed at the Spirit Stage. With his Spirit Container being empty, rich with Prana but no body being built into it, the Parute Seed considered it the perfect pot to take root into.

It manifested there and began to grow. Soon, it covered the Spirit Container and took hold of it, beginning to morph its shape too. When that happened, Blola hurriedly made up a story and rushed to seek Raaha's help.

If anyone could help him, then it was Raaha, a Mammoth Clansman who stood at the peak of Sumatra. That leads to his present.

'Is this even a Pranic Beast?' Raaha observed Blola's Spirit Container, 'It exudes a primal feeling unlike anything I've ever sensed.'

"Is that still under your control?" He asked.

"Yes," Blola nodded, "But I'm terrified by its presence and appearance. It has already swallowed my Pranic Beast and permanently changed my Spirit Container."

'Either this can become a boon or the greatest of curses.' Raaha thought and probed deeper into his body, soon approaching his Nature slots, muttering in confusion, "Wait, why is there only your Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator?"

"What happened to your Primary Nature?"

"It was swallowed," Blola cried. This was what pained him the most. After going through all efforts, and surviving countless encounters with death, he finally obtained the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, the most potent power to exist in Sumatra.

But now, that was no more. The weird plant had consumed it. As a result, he despaired. Internal Inertial Gravity was his hope in becoming one of the strongest cultivators of Sumatra Continent. But that hope was squashed mercilessly.

"Don't lose hope so soon," Raaha said as he continued to observe. One of the roots of the weird plant extended out before wrapping around Blola's Secondary Nature.

"No! No! NO! NOO!" Blola was going mad as he felt it clearly this time. Unfortunately for him, the plant didn't seem to care about his thoughts. Like absorbing nutrients from the soil, the plant's roots absorbed the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

In a few hours, the slot turned empty. Blola had lost his Secondary Nature too. His eyes turned vacant as he stared blankly into space, with thoughts of suicide streaming into his mind from time to time.

'What…am I supposed to do now?' Blola despaired, 'Nothing! There's nothing left for me anymore. Why should I continue to struggle? This fucking plant would eat up everything anyway.'

"Are you still in control of it?" Raaha asked.

"I can't do shit against it!" Blola shrieked. But an instant later, his body failed to budge an inch. Only then did he realise he was talking to the Mammoth Clan Chief, a powerhouse among powerhouses, one of the reasons the Boar King failed to kill any Empyrean Tusks part of his herd.

"Have you calmed down enough?" Raaha asked calmly after a couple of minutes, his voice coercive, "Are you still in control of it?"

For some reason, his voice calmed down Blola, causing him to instinctively focus on the weird plant that had now become his Spirit Container. After a minute of observation, he said, "It's still my Spirit Container. That hasn't changed, despite me being unable to control it."

"Then wait," Raaha commanded, "Whatever it wishes to do, let it run its course. I'll be keeping a watch to ensure you're alive."

Against such a situation that made no sense, even that guarantee was enough. As long as Blola was alive, he could build his strength once again. Whether or not his willpower could endure the process was another matter entirely.

A few more hours passed in such a fashion before which, the weird plant seemed to have stabilised. It didn't do anything after finishing its growth. But immediately in response, intense hunger pervaded his being as Blola felt like he was going insane, "H-H-Hungry!"

"I'm hungry!"



Chapter 133 An Empyrean Tusk’s De-Aging Process

Sandy-Grey Void!

When the energy current slammed into the Brangara and destroyed part of the Settlement on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, Gannala was sent flying away. The Mammoth Clansmen acting as her protectors were vaporised when a portion of the energy current arched towards her.

Gannala was a special existence, capable of attracting a small energy current even when she was merely two years old. This was something only summoned by Transcendents.

Even Brangara only pulled in a bolt after activating all the Empyrean Boar Primary Natures in his body simultaneously. That was a display of her speciality, titled the Supreme Tusk by all Empyrean Tusks.

The resulting explosion sent her flying away from the Settlement on the 1st Empyrean Tusk and into the depths of the Sandy-Grey Void. Slowly, she began to sink into the grey sand, causing her presence to vanish.

By the time the 1st Empyrean Tusk felt her disappearance, it was too late, for her presence had already been masked. This had all happened within a few seconds.

Gannala was bloody from the impact, losing consciousness as she sank deeper into the grey sand. But as she did so, her powers activated, turning her body lighter, so light she stopped sinking.

Gradually, she surfaced, waking up somewhere far away from the herd due to the undercurrents in the sand. When she regained consciousness, she knew what to do, for in that tiny energy current that fused into her was valuable information.

It even contained information about the secrets of the Sandy-Grey Void, allowing Gannala to navigate her way through it and reach a safe path where the effects of the region were weak enough for her to withstand.

But by now, she was too tired to chase after the herd. The Boar King's actions only made things chaotic, destroying the marks the herd had left to indicate their route.

As a result, Gannala didn't know which way they went. In the end, she was forced to return to Sumatra Continent, the only route available in her memories thanks to the inheritance from the herd.

The Sandy-Grey Void was bereft of life. But as a biome herself, Gannala consumed the grey sand and broke it down to the nutrients she needed. This wasn't possible for other Empyrean Tusks. But through the information gained from the energy current, she knew the method to use Internal Inertial Gravity to break down the grey sand into minerals necessary for her survival.

This only provided her enough to survive. She could neither build her Prana nor bulk her body. In the end, she remained small, the same size as a newborn elephant, losing a good deal of her growth.

With her small frame, she had limited travelling means, spending a lot of time on her return journey. The journey that had taken the herd two years cost her a decade.

Eventually, she returned to Varahan Enclave. The first task she did upon arrival was to jump into the marsh and drink her fill of water. By eating the grass, tree bark, leaves, nuts, etc. of the forest produce, she made up for the lack of nutrients.

The Boar King had already returned to Sumatra Continent by then and was voraciously hunting strong Pranic Beasts to collect their Primary Natures.

Unwilling to confront him, Gannala hid in the Varahan Enclave and built up her strength. Once she had accumulated enough and recovered from the damage sustained in the Sandy-Grey Void, she left the region, entering the mainland of Sumatra Continent.

She wanted to regroup with the 88 Empyrean Tusk herd still left on Sumatra Continent. But upon hearing about the Boar King's activities that were closely based around their path, she refrained from heading there.

She would be needlessly sending herself to death. There was a greater chance the Boar King would chance upon her first than her herd. And even if she were to rejoin the herd, the Boar King who's closely following the herd would still end up finding out that she's alive.

She was practically born out of his race's annihilation. So, the Empyrean Tusk he hated the most was her.

As a result, she chose to go on alone. But that was easier said than done, especially since an Empyrean Tusk wasn't a flexible Pranic Beast.

To become flexible, she would have to take on her battle mode, which was heavily resource-intensive. She couldn't be in that state for more than a few minutes.

Her energy-conservation mode was severely lacking in the means to fight against invasive species like the Mud Vipers and thousands more that littered Sumatra Continent.

The only way to combat that was through the Mammoth Clan. But she was alone. Hence, she made a rather bold decision.

Seated in a cave, Gannala began to shed blood, losing her accumulated Prana and lifeforce on purpose to de-age herself, a process considered taboo among Empyrean Tusks.

She was originally born a human. And transforming into an Empyrean Tusk was voluntary. Usually, Empyrean Tusks remain human for a decade or two, living as Mammoth Clansmen.

When they attain maturity as a human, they naturally become Empyrean Tusks, starting as baby Empyrean Tusks. Their growth would begin from then on.

As Gannala was significantly more endowed than her brethren, she could transform into an Empyrean Tusk within two years of her birth. But now, she was regressing that development, shedding all her growth to revert to her human form.

This was a desperate measure the Empyrean Tusks used in a situation where their race felt threatened. By transforming into humans, they would mingle in a human Kingdom, recover their strength, build their numbers, and emerge as Empyrean Tusks once again.

This was a tactic they used ages ago, one that was deemed unnecessary once they attained a certain level of strength. Besides, for the past eight to ten thousand years, they had the support of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle who considered them his friend.

Therefore, they truly were one of the strongest forces in Sumatra.

The problem with this age regression was losing their strength tremendously. The older they were as an Empyrean Tusk, the greater they lost their strength. They also sustained countless genetic problems as a result.

Gannala was only a decade old as an Empyrean Tusk, but even she had to pay a sharp price, feeling her body grow weak, unable to ever realise her potential.

The path to Mystic Grade existed in her, but this action meant she would never grow strong enough to pursue it. But if she didn't de-age herself, she wouldn't be able to survive Sumatra Continent due to her race's structural limitations.

In the end, for her future, for her race's future, to attain their lifelong goal, Gannala subjected herself to torture.

"Aaaahhhhh!" The screams of a human woman, one of unbearable pain resounded from the cave as a frail girl walked out, a bloody self. With sunken eyes, she dragged herself to the closest Kingdom.



Chapter 134 A Goddess That Rains Blood

"The Pranic Beasts have breached the wall!" A soldier standing atop a city wall screamed as he thrust with his spear, unleashing a fiery radiance that melted his opponent. He was merely in his teens, but despite that, his cultivation displayed he was in the Body Stage, with a significant level of development at that.

It was apparent that he was a genius cultivator. But that didn't matter against the horde of Pranic Beasts that continued to swarm the city wall. He was the sole cultivator at the Body Stage. Everyone else was in the Spirit Stage, with very weak levels of Prana and training.

The majority of them didn't even have a cultivation technique.

There once existed a mighty Empire that had lived on for close to a millennium. Unfortunately for it, the Empire was blessed with three peerless talents among its royalty. When two of the three reached adulthood and began to contest for the throne, their supporters were split in two.

Both princes were equally worthy to inherit the throne, possessing talent far superior to their ancestors, not to mention radiating an aura of grace and leadership that caused followers to gather around them.

The Empire was divided into two factions and conflicts began to emerge, only growing more and more vicious as the two princes entered the Life Stage and truly became part of the powerhouses.

The third genius price was still a child when the first two genius princes fought for the throne. The mighty Empire was plunged into civil war. With both sides equally matched, the result was catastrophic, ending in mutual destruction.

With their loss in power, the Empire could no longer hoard and lord upon as large a land area as they did before. The perceived hit to their military might resulted in an invasion of Pranic Beast hordes, culling their population further.

The sole survivor among the royalty was the third genius prince who gathered whatever resources he could and flew the region with his followers. Their Empire land was too dangerous as more than a dozen Gold Grade Pranic Beasts fought for ownership of the place.

They fled to a weak region bereft of resources to create the Sagar Kingdom, which basically consisted of one city. The region's lack of resources meant the strength of Pranic Beasts was equally limited.

But that didn't mean they were useless. They had numbers on their side. Consuming humans resulted in more benefits than the region provided. Hence, they invaded the city daily.

Pretty much everyone with power had participated in the civil war and died in the process, either at the hands of a cultivator from the opposing faction or the horde of Pranic Beasts under the leadership of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts at the end.

Gann-Sagar, the sole surviving prince and royalty of the fallen Empire and the current ruler of Sagar Kingdom. He was only a teen but as the sole cultivator at the Body Stage, the responsibility lay in his hands to protect his people.

"Attack!" Followed by a roar, Gann-Sagar slashed forth with his spear, causing flames to burst and condense into an elongated blade that severed through dozens of Pranic Beasts like a laser. It hardly put a dent in the horde, 'Shit! Why are there so many today?'

The battered wall began to collapse one after another, causing more and more Pranic Beasts to flood the city. As the people screamed in fright from their shelter, Gann-Sagar became more and more desperate, "Fight!"

"Protect everyone!"

"Civilians! Arm yourself!" He roared, "No matter how weak you are, attack the Pranic Beasts. Just keep them at bay long enough for the soldiers to finish them off!"

His cries barely did anything. After all, if they had enough soldiers to fight, the walls wouldn't have been breached in the first place. People began to die in droves, making him despair further.

But when it seemed like their end was near, blood began to drip from the sky like rain, stunning everyone. Suddenly, the Pranic Beasts shredding apart the citizens like paper began to tremble in fright, feeling the presence of an overlord.

"What is happening?" Gann-Sagar was confused by the situation, but he didn't dilly-dally with the thoughts. Upon seeing the Pranic Beasts tremble in fright, he took action, "They're hesitant! Kill them!"

His figure flickered through the streets, efficiently puncturing the heads of the Pranic Beasts one after another, clearly experienced with the process.

As the number of Pranic Beasts rushing through the broken walls stopped, the soldiers were able to catch their breath and focus on eliminating all enemies within the city.

"Grrr!" After puncturing the head of the last Pranic Beast, Gann-Sagar rushed to an intact portion of the city wall and climbed it up, noticing the blood rain grow intense in that short period. When he reached the top, he finally understood the cause.

In the centre of the horde of Pranic Beasts was a girl, a couple of years younger than him. In her hand was a mace, with the shaft attached to a three-metre-long chain. The weapon seemed to be made of bone and was insanely tough.

Holding the end of the shaft, the girl spun like a Beyblade, grinding through the horde like a meat grinder. The bodies of the Pranic Beasts splattered into blood mist upon impact with the mace that seemed to weigh as much as a hill.

It couldn't be defended against, resulting in a slaughter so violent that the blood of the Pranic Beasts fell down like rain, a torrential downpour at that.

The girl seemed to be venting her anger as she continued to spin nonstop, mowing through the horde without a moment's rest, "W-Who is she?"

"Is she human?"

"Can a human even become that strong?"

The soldiers climbed the walls and clamoured at the sight, staring agape at one individual mercilessly slaughtering the horde of Pranic Beasts that numbered in the tens of thousands. She seemed sickly, malnourished even. But despite that, her enemies were like helpless packs of ants crushed under the mighty legs of an elephant.

Even in a human form, the might of an Empyrean Tusk was unsurpassable. When more than half the horde was slaughtered, the remainder fled in fear, bringing an abrupt end to the invasion.

As the soldiers cheered in relief, Gann-Sagar stared at the blood rain trickle down to a halt, commenting upon the individual sanding amidst the land covered in blood as if a bloody river had flooded the region, "She's like a Goddess."

"A Goddess that rains blood."



Chapter 135 Two Centuries of Human Life

"What's your name?" Gann-Sagar approached the bloody girl and asked hesitantly.

'I can't risk my name reaching the ears of the Boar King, even by mistake.' Thinking as such, Gannala let out a faint smile and spoke, "Resha, call me Resha."

"Resha?" Gann-Sagar tilted his head in confusion, "I thought you were a girl."

"In my hometown, Resha is a gender-neutral name," Gannala argued. She then dragged her bone mace and walked towards the city, "Do you have a shelter for me to stay?"

"I'm not sure," Gann-Sagar shook his head, "We'll have to see how many buildings remained intact after this invasion. But no matter, you can stay in my home. It's empty anyway."

"Sure," Gannala nodded and observed the soldiers, frowning as she asked, "Who's the leader of this settlement?"

"Me," Gann-Sagar replied, sighing at her judging stare, "Yes, as you might have guessed, I'm the only one at the Body Stage here."

"…weak. I'm surprised your settlement lasted this long." Gannala commented. She then stared at Gann-Sagar, "You seem decent though."

"Haha, thank you." Gann-Sagar smiled wryly. He was trying his best to project a positive image to Gannala in hopes she would stay in their city and help defend it. With her strength, they'll have an easier time surviving.

"Come on, everyone! Break time's over!" Gann-Sagar riled up the citizens, "Let's repair the walls before the Pranic Beasts invade again."

"Haah! Here we go again."

"I'm exhausted."

"I want to sleep. It has been a while since I did that."

"If only we could drink tea like the good old times."

The citizens complained in exhaustion but began to rebuild the walls efficiently. They had done it many times already.

But upon watching their work, Gannala frowned and approached a wall, casually knocking on it to comment upon its collapse, "This won't do."

"These walls would come collapsing easily." She frowned and reached forth into the blood covering the ground. Followed by a clench of her hand into a fist, she tugged with force, causing a pillar of bone to geyser out.

With a snap of her finger, the stream of bone pierced the ground around the walls, forming a basement before they began to create a layer of wall. There were enough corpses to go around fishing for bone.

As Gannala walked around, the bone wall formed behind her. It only took her as much time to fully erect the wall as her walking pace around the city. And when she was done, there was a tough wall surrounding the city, reaching a height of ten metres.

"The bones forming the skeleton of these Pranic Beasts are very weak, so the walls aren't as strong as I would like." She commented, dissatisfied, "I guess I'll have to wait until a stronger Pranic Beast shows up."

She then stared at the workers, "Cover these bone walls with brick and stone, will you? They are too eye-catching."

"W-Who are you?" Gann-Sagar voiced the shock of his people, "How can you make something so massive in such a short time?"

"It's nothing that great. All my people can do the same." Gannala shrugged, "As for my identity…well,"

"You can think of me as the fallen princess of an ancient clan."

And that was the fated encounter between Gann-Sagar and Gannala. The duo formed a powerful team to defend the Sagar Kingdom, stabilising it over the next two centuries.

Gann-Sagar practiced a Gold Grade cultivation technique of his fallen Empire. The material he fused with was an Agnarate, a liquid-like flaming material that solidifies and hardens over extreme heat. In terms of material quality, it was almost Gold-Grade, thereby granting him many centuries of lifespan.

In these two centuries, Gann-Sagar and Gannala had plenty of kids in an effort to repopulate Sagar Kingdom. Their kids spread throughout the growing kingdom and started their families.

By the sixth generation, at the end of two centuries, more than ninety percent of the population was related to Gannala by blood.

"I'm sorry, Resha. This is my end." Gann-Sagar wheezed in pain as he lay on his bed, old, reaching the end of his lifespan. Even though the cultivation technique he cultivated was spectacular and the material he used to build his Human Avatar was equally impressive, he couldn't live long.

After all, the material, Agnarate didn't exist in Sagar Kingdom. It only existed in the volcanic mountain that was present in the centre of his fallen Empire. That became a den to a family of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

As a result, he couldn't even head there to harvest more Agnarate. In the end, he didn't even finish building his body. Two hundred years was already his limit.

Staring at Gannala, he gently touched her cheek, "From day one, I realised you were different from the rest of us. I haven't seen you consume any resources to build a body. But despite that, you have only grown stronger and stronger. And even after two centuries, you look like you're only in your early twenties."

"Before my death, can I know the truth?" Gann-Sagar asked, "That's my last request as a foolish King."

"You're not foolish," Gannala held his hand and spoke in seriousness, "Don't ever call yourself that, okay? You did everything in your power to protect your people."

"There's that habit of yours once again, treating everyone as weaklings requiring your protection." He wheezed, "Are you truly a Goddess that descended from heaven to protect us?"

"I'm not something that grand," Gannala sighed and revealed the truth, "I'm an Empyrean Tusk."

"Empyrean Tusk…?" Gann-Sagar felt like he heard her wrong, "Are you from the legendary Mammoth Clan?"

"Yes, but I'm also an Empyrean Tusk," Gannala spoke.

"Hahaha!" Gann-Sagar laughed as he closed his eyes and breathed his last, sporting a smile until the very end, "So, my wife was an actual Goddess. That's reassuring."

"Protect our people, alright?"

"I will," Gannala patted his forehead, her eyes streaming with tears, "Go peacefully. If there's an afterlife, I'll join you there eventually."

Gann-Sagar's Human Avatar naturally combusted his body upon death, not even leaving any ashes behind. Gannala stared at the spot on the bed where he originally lay and remained still like a statue for a good couple of days, reminiscing her past two centuries living as a human, "It comes to an end now."

She exited the castle that they had built together and peered out into the large palace grounds, observing the tens of thousands of people gathered there, announcing, "Your King is dead."

"And today, we march into a new horizon." She proclaimed and finally let go of her human form, becoming an Empyrean Tusk once again, this time for permanent.



Chapter 136 100-Year Path

Sagar Kingdom had no future due to a lack of resources. To date, despite its stabilisation over two centuries, the sole cultivator at the Body Stage was Gann-Sagar.

Even iron, the most common material used to build Human Avatars was lacking here. Forget entering the Body Stage, the nutrient content in the crops grown in the region was so lacking that ingesting it didn't even fully satisfy their body's nutrition requirements, not to mention converting that into Prana.

Therefore, their cultivation was slow, often staggeringly dead, with the strongest among them barely hitting eighty Prana.

The density of energy in the food was abysmally lacking. Therefore, even if one stuffed themselves to the brim and digested to the limits of their daily consumption, they still wouldn't be getting enough nutrients.

It was a stark contrast from their previous home, the fallen Empire. The land was bountiful there, the grown crops not only gave a high yield but were also rich with nutrients, causing Prana to be built up in people naturally over time, even if they didn't cultivate.

That wasn't an option in Sagar Kingdom. If there existed at least one Parute Tree, they could have nurtured some cultivators to the Body Stage. But that was simply a big question of 'if.'

Gannala didn't wish them to reach the Body Stage either, which was another factor. It was because over ninety percent of Sagar Kingdom people were connected to her by blood. They were her descendants.

For a Pranic Beast to create a Ravaged Tribe, centuries upon centuries were required. Time, patience, luck, and a necessity for evolution were what created a Ravaged Tribe successfully.

But that was because the only connection between the Pranic Beast and the humans part of the Ravaged Tribe was the Pranic Beast's imprint in their Spirit Containers. Therefore, evolution took time.

It was different for Gannala. Her targets were basically people connected to her by blood. Therefore, they were already family in the first place.

Even though none were aware, since she had never activated it, they were all part of her Ravaged Tribe already.

Her actions were also why Gann-Sagar called himself a foolish king. Because he wasn't competent enough to give them a future where they could stay as Free Humans. Hence, once he saw his kids settling throughout the city to create their families under Gannala's instruction, he gave in to his fate.

He wasn't wise enough to offer his people a future as Free Humans. Therefore, he surrendered himself to Gannala's plans, as that was the next best thing.

There was one last step left for Gannala's Ravaged Tribe to become Clansmen. And that was to be accepted by an Empyrean Tusk and made part of its immune system. From then on, they would become Mammoth Clansmen.

Her human form morphed, revealing a baby Empyrean Tusk that was the same size as a baby elephant. She would have to grow as an Empyrean Tusk from scratch.

But her strength remained in her, thanks to her two centuries of accumulation as a human. Therefore, her Prana values were already close to completion. She only needed to grow her body to fully realise the potential of her strength.

Gannala's Empyrean Tusk form was a tsunami of hope that washed through the people. After all, the majority of them were related to her by blood. Hence in extension, they were related to an Empyrean Tusk, the Pranic Beast that stood at the peak of Sumatra Continent, worshipped as a Deity by many races, including, but not limited to, Mammoth Clansmen.

And upon seeing her Empyrean Tusk appearance and feeling her Empyrean Tusk presence at full brunt, their Spirit Containers reacted, instinctively making them realise what they had to do next—nurture Gannala's growth until she was ready to accept them as part of her Mammoth Clan.

For the next eighty years, the Sagar Kingdom people zealously helped bring her resources, collected from far away. Plants, nutrient-rich soil, Pranic Beasts, etc.

Anything Gannala required was brought by them. Once her body had grown enough, Gannala ventured out on expeditions, accompanied by large armies of people as they hunted and gathered resources from various regions.

During the process, once her body reached a kilometre in height, a couple of Parute Trees began to grow in the biome forming in her stomach. That was a cause for celebration.

And at the end of eighty years, since she revealed her Empyrean Tusk form, Gannala finished growing fully as an Empyrean Tusk. Of course, she hadn't realised her potential, for the damage sustained at the Sandy-Grey Void and her de-ageing process stunted her growth.

But that didn't stop her. For, she believed that even if she failed to achieve it, one of her successors might inherit her path. She only needed to create enough variables to make that happen.

On that day, she accepted 86 people as her Mammoth Clansmen, selectively picky about it. Exactly a year later, 43 baby girls were born in her Settlement.

By using up a large portion of her essence, she turned the 86 people into those with the Fragment Disease. They were the ones that were highly attuned to her bloodline, almost born with the Fragment Disease naturally.

She had been gearing the relationships of every one according to their genetic compatibility, raising this probability. In the end, she obtained 86 candidates, all of whom succeeded, a success rate unprecedented among Empyrean Tusks.

The success rate was barely one percent and plenty of factors affected the result. A good majority of the time, the born baby dies quickly due to genetic defects.

As the Supreme Tusk, Gannala was empowered with a lot more power than a regular Empyrean Tusk. Moreover, she worked on her direct descendants, performing everything necessary to raise the success rate to the maximum.

43 baby Empyrean Tusks were successfully birthed, and healthy. Unfortunately, their parents became collateral to the success.

Once the baby girls were born, Gannala conducted the inheritance ceremony, naming them all before granting them everything necessary to be an Empyrean Tusk.

Of course, she excluded the information behind the births of Empyrean Tusks, unwilling to do anything that would alert the Boar King. After all, by the time these 43 Empyrean Tusks matured and grew strong enough to birth more of their kind, the Boar King would have become even more terrifying.

Even now, having consumed enough Primary Natures of Empyrean Tusks, the Boar King was able to hear the cries of a baby Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, it was a dangerous risk to undertake.

The other herd in Sumatra Continent had already sustained some damage based on the information she had collected. Their population was shrinking slowly thanks to the Boar King's relentless pursuit and hunt.

Gannala brought the 43 baby girls to the biome in her stomach and made them become Empyrean Tusks prematurely in a response to ensure they never remember about them being birthed as humans.

That was how the secret would remain a secret. Sixty years later, 43 Empyrean Tusks appeared in Sagar Kingdom. Alongside Gannala, they divided the people of Sagar Kingdom into 44 portions, making them their respective Mammoth Clansmen.

By now, hundred percent of the population were related to Gannala by blood. After living low for another sixty years, they accumulated strength.

Eventually, four centuries after the establishment of Sagar Kingdom, 44 Empyrean Tusks emerged, trampling the abandoned Sagar Kingdom to ruins, erasing all traces of their existence there as they ventured into Sumatra Continent, picking a route far away from the other herd's route.

That was the start of their infamous hundred-year travel path mentioned repeatedly in Sumatra Chronicles.



Chapter 137 Mystic Grade Requirements

Approximately two millennia since Brangara became the Boar King; followed by a flash of energy currents, an ethereal entity manifested atop Sumatra Continent.

It was a humanoid with an octopus-shaped head. The tentacles on his chin dangled like infinite rivers, turning more and more transparent the farther away from him they got, until they trailed into one of the celestial worlds hovering high up in the sky.

Mystic Grade Transcendent—Empyrean Tentacle!

Renduldu had returned to upkeep his promise to the Mammoth Clan. He first headed to the other continent where the stronger Empyrean Tusk herd had ventured into. But that was an old generation.

It had already been two millennia since then. The herd was entirely replaced by another generation, all unfamiliar with him. Following that, he returned to Sumatra Continent and spotted a herd with 62 Empyrean Tusks.

The original number of 88 had dropped to 62. And none of these 62 were from the original generation. They were successors to the survivors of the previous generation.

"This place is completely unfamiliar to me now." Renduldu sighed, "Two thousand years is indeed a long time, even though it felt like nothing up there."

He scanned around Sumatra Continent, unable to sense his race out in the open anymore. While searching for the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, he chanced upon the Boar King.

The Boar King had already devoured the Iron Empyrean Tentacle and now possessed its Primary Nature. Due to that, no Iron Empyrean Tentacle ever appeared on Sumatra Continent. This was his plan to ensure a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle would never appear and fight for his seat as the supreme existence of Sumatra Continent.

The Gold Empyrean Tentacle was in the hands of the Mammoth Clan Chief leading the herd of 62 Empyrean Tusks—Raaha. He had fused with it.

His emergence was what stopped the merciless slaughter of the Empyrean Tusk herd, allowing balance to be attained by thwarting the Boar King's attacks repeatedly.

Just as Renduldu planned to return dejectedly to the Transcendent World, he felt the presence of the Silver Empyrean Tentacle. At the end of the path was Yahard Tusk, Settlement Leader of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk—Harrala.

"There's another Empyrean Tusk herd here?" He then noticed a certain individual moving at the back of the herd, old, weak, helpless, shouting in shock, "G-Gannala?"

"What…what happened to you?" His figure hovered before her eyes in disbelief as he felt her presence, "You…how is this possible?"

"Why are you weaker than an Empyrean Tusk when you're supposed to be their strongest to exist in history?"

He touched her eyelid gently, communicating with her. As a Transcendent, he was no longer limited like before, able to communicate freely with any lifeform he wished to.

[Uncle Renduldu…? You're back! Just like you said you will!]

Hearing her cheerful voice, Renduldu teared up in nostalgia, "How were you, Gannala?"

Currently, he arrived as a form of energy, detectable only to the individuals he revealed himself to. He couldn't arrive with his true body, as Transcendents weren't allowed to a lower world, for they were too powerful.

[Brangara has become a menace! He's hunting us nonstop! I'm doing my best to hide my existence until now. He has learnt about the existence of this herd but isn't aware of me being alive yet. I have ensured we don't run into him!]

"I'm not concerned about a mere boar, Gannala. I'm worried about you." Renduldu spoke in seriousness, "Why…are you this weak? I was hoping you would have become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast by now and was preparing to become a Transcendent."

[To survive, I had to turn my path murky. It's impossible for me to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast anymore! Hence, I have been accumulating strength all along. You have arrived at the perfect time. Take a look at my seven wondrous kids!'

"Hmm…" Renduldu observed seven babies on the 44th Settlement, sensing fearsome energy levels fluctuating over the baby bodies, undetectable to all lifeforms at Sumatra. Only he, a Transcendent could sense them, muttering in shock, "You…have installed a path in them all?"

[Yes! I carefully influenced my Mammoth Clan to selectively breed for the finest and most suitable offspring to be birthed, generation after generation. And in every generation, I infused a tinge of my essence in them. That's why my strength dropped so drastically, because I was burning my path to construct one in them. Every Mammoth Clansman possessed a brick that was passed down through the generations, accumulating in the bodies of successors in different forms to forge their own paths. In the end, the paths finished forming completely in these seven children!]

"Seven Paths to the Mystic Grade," Renduldu grinned in hype, "You're something else, Gannala. So, you're telling me these seven could pretty much create seven ways for an Empyrean Tusk to attain the Mystic Grade? If I hadn't seen it myself, I wouldn't have believed it. Even my race only has one path."

[It's not a guarantee yet! I want you to check and tell. The size of their paths varies a lot!]

"I see…" Renduldu frowned. By splitting Gannala's path into a hundred fragments, or a hundred bricks, he calculated the size of the paths of the seven children. A glance at them, and he knew their names, muttering.

"Resha, 27 bricks. This is a robust path. I can see that it'll succeed with a guarantee."

"Orakha, 20 bricks. This is a pretty solid path. The outcome seems interesting too."

"Yennda, 2 Bricks. I never thought such a small path was possible. It seems the most fragile too."

"Grehha, 14 bricks. This is by far the most stable path of them all, but it's also the slowest. I feel even an Empyrean Tusk's lifespan would prove insufficient."

"Blola, 4 bricks. It's mostly geared by luck and relies too much on chance. It's barely possible but I don't see this ever being achieved."

"Inala, 16 bricks. It's a versatile path with a lot of substitutes. It feels the easiest to achieve of them all, even though it's not as stable as Resha's."

"Virala, 17 bricks. Hmm, that's surprising. This is extremely unstable. It can either result in resounding success or a blatant disaster."

[What do you think?]

"All seven paths are genuine," Renduldu nodded, "But I feel Resha's has the most likelihood chance of success. Though, I do get the feeling the success of all paths is reliant on me."

[You're correct. I made them with the assumption of your arrival. After I inferred the requirements of your race's and Empyrean Boar's to attain Mystic Grade, I figured out the last component required for Empyrean Tusks!]

Apart from a plethora of conditions, there existed the final component. It was the last piece of the puzzle and also the most difficult to attain.

For the Empyrean Tentacle, the experiences, memories, personalities, and Natures of all three Empyrean Tentacles must be condensed into one. Once done so, the entity reaches Mystic Grade.

For the Empyrean Boar, one must ingest the Primary Nature of all its brethren and activate it to attract a Bolt of Transcendence. Attracting the Bolt of Transcendence was the highlight here. If the number of Primary Natures of the Emyrean Boar were lacking, the bolt wouldn't be attracted; it resulted in a failure.

For the Empyrean Tusk, one must live in two different realities. This meant that any Empyrean Tusk that wishes to reach the Mystic Grade must head to another world at the very least to live in another reality. That was impossible.

The various continents were part of one world. Even leaving Sumatra Continent wasn't easy, not to mention heading to another world.

The Transcendent Worlds were considered another world, but reaching it was impossible. Therefore, the only other possibility was…

"My power," Renduldu was surprised as he stared at Gannala, "It'll be tough, even for me. I can't bring anyone that isn't a Transcendent to the Transcendent Worlds."

[But you must know of a nascent world whose laws haven't finished forming yet. Bring them there!]



Chapter 138 Inala Wakes Up

"I know of one such world." Renduldu nodded, "It's a Transcendent World that has barely begun to form. Some weak creatures without powers have already appeared in that world. I can bring them there, but not their bodies. That's too risky."

"Sumatra would reject them during the return trip." Renduldu said, "For safety reasons, I'll bring their souls with me."

He then stared at Resha and changed his mind, "But I'd like to use my ability on him first. I'm curious about what the future holds in store. His future is the clearest."

After collecting the souls of the six babies, Renduldu touched Resha and activated his power. In an instant, he experienced Resha's entire future, until the moment he was killed by the Boar King.

"I see, so that's what happens." Renduldu sighed.

[What happened?]

"Brangara basically steals all your accumulation in the end, grows even more terrifying, and annihilates your herd. It wasn't available in Resha's future, but I can guess what happens next since I can feel it." Renduldu spoke, "He kills the other herd and fills his Astral Chart with Internal Inertial Gravity. He then heads into the nearby continent to kill the Empyrean Tusk herd there. And by the end, he reaches the peak of cultivation and becomes a Transcendent."

"Even in the Transcendent World, he continues to hunt the Mammoth Clan."

[As I thought, he's too dangerous!]

"Well, it hasn't happened yet, so don't worry. Besides, a good enemy only makes you stronger, if you can survive, that is." Renduldu said in seriousness, "Trust me, you will require all that experience before becoming a Transcendent. Because once you reach my stage, your growth halts entirely."

Since he had used his power, his body began to disperse. Now that he had seen Resha's future, he made some changes to his plans and extracted the souls of the parents of all seven children.

Renduldu patted Gannala gently and disappeared, "I'll return soon."

Travelling through space and time, he arrived at Earth, inserting the souls of everyone into the bodies of people there. By making the native souls dormant, he made the souls he brought remain active, hence controlling the body and living through that life.

This way, the souls also inherited all skills, talents, and memories of the native bodies.

Renduldu could only do so on bodies compatible with the souls he carried. Hence, he couldn't simply plant them in the bodies of the best that humanity on Earth could offer.

He made a family with Resha's parents and lived there as a native. And once he grew up, he began to write a book titled, "Sumatra Chronicles."

It was a decent hit with a sizeable following. And through a bit of targeted ads, Renduldu ensured the eyes of everyone—from Sumatra—fell on Sumatra Chronicles.

Even though the parents couldn't recall their past lives, they were still drawn to Sumatra Chronicles. Of course, they weren't the target of Renduldu's power. They were simply brought as guardians to ensure the six kids were safe.

He monitored the comments from the accounts used by Inala and the rest. And eventually, the day for the ending arrived. The comments from many readers were full of anger and hate at the abrupt ending.

But the ones from Inala and the five others took the cake. They didn't understand the reason they were so enamoured by Sumatra Chronicles to the extent it became a distinct part of their lives.

In truth, it was merely their souls longing for their home world. No matter how treacherous it might be, that was the world these souls belonged to. Hence, Sumatra Chronicles resonated with them intensely.

The consequence of that was the horrible negative reviews they left.

Even though Renduldu tried his best to maintain his composure, he was currently occupying a human body. As a result, he was pissed.

He left his human body and barged into Inala's room to pummel the latter. By making it seem like a challenge, he brought everyone to Sumatra Continent, the six reincarnates and the 14 parents.

It had barely been an hour at Sumatra Continent. Upon arrival, Renduldu dumped the souls back in their original bodies.

He used his power to shed his experience living on Earth and inserted it into Resha, only to the extent he attained the qualification of living in two realities. Of course, his ability suppressed and erased all that over time, ensuring Resha only retained the qualification.

This was to prevent his soul from being corrupted.

"It's done, Gannala." He said, sensing Gannala read through the memories of the seven babies and their respective parents. He asked once she was done going through them all, "How is it?"

[I'll try my best!]

"Good," Renduldu patted her once before disappearing, "I'll be waiting for you in the Transcendent World. It'll take me another two millennia to return here like this, but I won't bother."

[I understand! Thank you very much, uncle! It was fun to see you again!]

Gannala lifted her trunk and coiled it around Renduldu, slowly pulling his tentacle like she did when young.

"Hahaha!" Renduldu's voice echoed and subsided gradually. He had already returned to the Transcendent World.

He had paid a sharp price to descend down to Sumatra Continent and make that trip to another world. So, it was unlikely he would do something like that ever again, especially since he had no incentive to do so.

Gannala was the sole familiar individual here. And after another two millennia, she too would be no more. Sumatra Continent would be no different to a foreign world for Renduldu by then.

Gannala observed Bora Tusk approach the parents of Resha and others, speaking to them in private about Gannala reaching the end of her lifespan.

He gave them his Eight-Storey Storage Lantern, teaching them a bunch of Skills and knowledge necessary for their mission. A month of preparations later, the parents of the seven babies left the Settlement in search of a baby Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk labelled the group of 14 parents as missing-in-action. The Mammoth Clan at the 44th Settlement then raised Resha and the group as orphans.

As the babies grew and reached the age of 10, they joined the Academy of Refinement and became Death Row students. The side effects of the soul transfer caused them to feel a disconnect from the world the moment their memories on Earth resurfaced. But in truth, they were true Mammoth Clansmen.

And they possessed the bloodline of Gannala—Fragment Disease—to the utmost concentration, not to mention the paths to Mystic Grade that she gave her everything over a period of two millennia to create with detailed hope and care.

On the day Resha recalled his past life and the remaining six reincarnates remembered their life on Earth, the story began in the truest sense.

Drip! Drip!

Tears streamed out of Inala's eyes as he woke up from his long slumber, having finished comprehending the knowledge and memories he gained from Gannala. "That means…"

"My parents are dead."



Chapter 139 I’m A Genuine Mammoth Clansman

Sumatra Chronicles was pretty much a recount of the future Renduldu had seen through his future sight ability. His goal was to bring back the reincarnates.

But, to make it seem like an action he took in anger upon seeing the negative reviews, Renduldu hid the truth from them.

This meant that the lives of Inala and the other five reincarnates were simply edited out in Sumatra Chronicles, to hide the truth. That resulted in a sad conclusion. In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha's parents returned after the First Major Disaster with a baby Empyrean Tusk in tow.

They seemed distraught due to whatever they had experienced during the mission. A few days later, after teaching Resha all the Skills they had gained during the mission, they committed suicide.

Sumatra Chronicles didn't go into details. However, it did mention that since Resha's parents were the sole survivors from their group, they felt obligated to visit the rest in the afterlife. Their experiences during the mission only wore them down and stretched their sense of guilt to the extreme.

Resha respected their sacrifice because their arrival gave hope to the Mammoth Clan.

But now, Inala knew the entire truth. The so-called group that accompanied Resha's parents were the parents of the six reincarnates, their genuine parents. And they had died during the mission, since the baby they stole belonged to the other Empyrean Tusk herd.

To not bring the other herd's wrath onto their Clansmen, Resha's parents committed suicide upon succeeding in their mission. It was to erase their traces from the settlement.

And since the two Empyrean Tusk herds didn't have any intersection paths along their route, they would never confront each other. It was the thought process that played in their minds moments before death. They were satisfied since they had succeeded in the mission they had set out to achieve.

The ones that were his parents on Earth and in Sumatra were the same individuals. But as abruptly as his reincarnation, their deaths too happened.

Since they were part of the group that had stolen an Empyrean Tusk baby, the herd would have given chase. His parents had become martyrs during their escape.

Inala was sad. He was close to his parents. No matter how much they were disappointed by his shut-in nature on Earth, they still created assets in his name to ensure he could live a comfortable life just through interest and rental income.

They wouldn't have done that if they didn't love their child. And even in Sumatra, they gave their lives to fight for the future of the settlement where Inala lived, fully aware of Gannala's approaching death.

'What the fuck was I doing all along?' Inala admonished himself, 'I believed that I could live alone and not be stuck to the Mammoth Clan as long as baby Gannala grew up. We could travel wherever we wanted on our own, unfettered. Shit!'

The moment he went through the memories gained from the previous Gannala, the sense of disconnect he felt with Sumatra vanished. He truly was a denizen of this world, born at the 44th Settlement to his parents, Gahar and Chanya.

The Mammoth Clan was where he belonged. It was his home. He was a true Mammoth Clansman, by flesh, blood, and soul. 'I will and should fight for my people. Even though they aren't there anymore, I'll be a son they can be proud of.'

'I have disappointed them on Earth already. At least here, in the world of Sumatra that I always dreamed about, I'll become someone they can be proud of.' Inala got up and wiped his tears, "I'll fight to my utmost and succeed."

"The Mammoth Clan wouldn't be annihilated."

He looked around, noticing that he was alone in the room. Getting up, he entered the adjacent room, watching the figure of Asaeya asleep, cuddling baby Gannala who seemed to have grown considerably since he last saw her.

The moment he entered the room, she seemed to have sensed his presence as baby Gannala woke up and squealed happily, "Dada!"

Inala approached baby Gannala and picked her up, ending up using his Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength, commenting, "You've grown heavier."

"Uwaa!"

"I'm not calling you fat." Inala smiled wryly, accepting baby Gannala as his daughter, 'It's time I stopped being narrow-minded. Let's just forget Oyo ever existed. Thinking about her only angers me, so I won't do that.'

He cradled her and approached the room with Life Bombs, noticing their level of depletion to calculate, "I was unconscious for four months?"

"Gua!"

"Are you hungry?" Inala caused a Life Bomb to fly towards him as he transformed his hands into Empyrean Zinger Claws and poked a hole, watching the fluid within seep out like a river stream and enter baby Gannala's mouth.

She was sucking it casually, experienced with the task. In a matter of seconds, she had finished a Life Bomb.

Inala continued to feed her until she was satisfied, using up another twenty Life Bombs, 'She has a voracious appetite.'

He then closed his eyes and concentrated upon his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, no longer able to sense the Boar King, 'He must have gone far away.'

"Inala…?" Asaeya's voice resounded as she woke up and observed baby Gannala no longer next to her. She got up and arrived at the room with the Life Bombs, for a moment surprised before hugging him in relief, "You've finally woken up!"

"I was anxious all along!"

"I'm sorry," Inala apologised and observed her. Dark eye circles, unstable Spirit Container, a malnourished body, unkempt hair, etc. She was a mess.

She hadn't had proper sleep for the past four months, having had to take care of baby Gannala nonstop. Her worries ensured she couldn't even eat and cultivate in peace, causing her mental health to take a dip.

Living in the Sandy-Grey Void further took a toll on her. Even though the luminescent crystals within their home kept her surroundings bright, but when she peered out of the Prana Bomb home, all she saw was absolute darkness.

That was terrifying. It felt like the thin walls of their house were all that protected them from endless horrors out there. The fact that she had to constantly pour the fluids within Prana Bombs on the walls to mend them only added to her worries.

The Sandy-Grey Void was constantly eating through the walls of their home. Sometimes, even cracks appeared, terrifying her. Every time this happened, she had to pour more of the Prana Bomb fluid on them. Only after the walls regrew to become thick enough could she be a bit relieved. But the entire ordeal stressed her endlessly, especially since at the start, she panicked, wondering if Inala's plan worked.

Otherwise, the Boar King would find them. She faced nightmares daily, of the Boar King finding them. Had this gone on for a few more months, her Spirit Container would have shattered.

"You're awake…You're awake! You finally woke up!" Asaeya repeated like a broken record and refused to let go of Inala, hugging him tightly.

She had been traumatised.



Chapter 140 Seven Paths

"You won't fall unconscious abruptly, right?"

"I won't."

"Are you healthy now?"

"I am."

"Your head isn't spinning or anything, right?"

"I'm perfectly fine."

"The Boar King won't be showing up, right?"

"He won't, not after the spanking I gave him."

"You're really really alright?"

"I am, Asaeya." Inala consoled a traumatised Asaeya. His left hand held baby Gannala who had fallen asleep once again. His right patted Asaeya and rubbed her back, consoling her with his warmth.

Despite being a Settlement Leader's daughter and having had intensive training from a young age, Asaeya was only thirteen years old. She was merely a child.

Had she been on an Empyrean Tusk, no matter what came her way, she could endure it, for she gained strength just by being in the presence of her Spiritual Pillar, her Deity, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

But being on the ground in a faraway land, buried deep in the Sandy-Grey Void added to her stress. And the longer she remained there, the greater her stress grew.

She was afraid, experiencing hallucinations of the Boar King gobbling up everyone nonstop.

"He won't be here, I assure you." Inala continued to console her, "You might not know this, but the Boar King is afraid of me. I spanked his ass recently. So, he won't come anywhere near my vicinity. The next time he comes, I'll tell him to not bother Asaeya and spank him again. He's terrified of me that much."

"Pfft! Haha!" Asaeya laughed in the end, "Really? The Boar King's afraid of you?"

"Of course," Inala grinned, "And he'll become more and more terrified of me in the future."

"Just wait," He boasted, "In the future, when you come across him, just shout my name. Before his brain could even process the shout, he would be running away. My name alone will terrify him."

Inala Nature—The Boar King's Absolute Fear!

Well, it was absolute bullshit, but Inala had to spin such lies to make Asaeya recover. It would take a while but he was confident in healing her back to normal.

'There's two more months left before our stockpile here runs out.' He thought, 'We'll begin training to regain our strength in this time.'

Currently, the bodies of both Inala and Asaeya were malnourished. Asaeya lost weight due to stress while Inala was unconscious and hence couldn't upkeep his bulky body, even when Asaeya fed him the fluid from a Prana Bomb frequently.

After a week of consolation, Asaeya recovered enough to resume training. Inala acted no different from a monkey during this time, his antics causing her to break into laughter all the time, making the atmosphere of the place cheerful.

They then began to train in full swing.

Inala had completely comprehended the two memory clusters he gained from the previous Gannala. The first cluster detailed the Boar King's life, from his birth to when he became the Boar King.

Undrakha had extracted everything from Brangara during their torture sessions. That knowledge was available within the inheritance the 1st Empyrean Tusk of that time had given to Gannala.

The Boar King's power, character, habits, history, Primary Natures, etc. The data about his Primary and Tertiary Natures was detailed to the extreme, fully allowing Inala to understand how the Boar King became who he was.

The second cluster contained the previous Gannala's life journey, from her birth to her death. The main point of importance was her interaction with Undrakha and Renduldu. There was also the information Gannala received from the Bolt of Transcendence, not to mention the seven paths she had developed and the process she went through to achieve it.

His Mystic Skill Creator was firing up nonstop, as there was a lot of material to work with here for the creation of new Skills. Inala held himself back because the time wasn't right yet.

Simply creating a bunch of Skills was a waste of time and effort. He already had eleven Skills and one Prime Skill. Adding more would simply weaken him.

After all, if he was in a pinch in the future, he would hesitate a moment, unable to decide what Skill to use since he would have at least a few Skills that were appropriate to use in the situation. That would be a foolish way to shoot himself in the foot.

Instead, he would first have to finalise the direction of his fighting style. Following that, he would condense and reorganise his set of Skills to optimise his survival.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

By activating it, he touched baby Gannala. Since he was her father, she automatically granted him access, allowing him to appear in the void and observe the mountainous clusters of information strewn around.

That was the inheritance received from the previous Gannala. As baby Gannala grows, she will eventually unlock this inheritance bit by bit and obtain everything the previous Gannala possessed.

This included memories, Skills an Empyrean Tusk used, the fighting techniques developed by Gannala and all Empyrean Tusks before her, etc.

Gannala had received an inheritance from 188 Empyrean Tusks. She was at a calibre superior to the other Empyrean Tusks, for even at birth, she was significantly more evolved, hence given the name of Gannala which meant Supreme Tusk in their language.

Baby Gannala wasn't exactly a Supreme Tusk, but she currently possessed the path prepared by Gannala in Inala, the path with 16 bricks as stated by Renduldu.

As she was Inala's child, she inherited the path present in him. The path wasn't meant for Inala to attain the Mystic Grade status. No, he was simply the medium through which his child, an Empyrean Tusk would attain the Mystic Grade status.

Through the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill, Inala observed the cluster that was related to the path. It seemed the largest and most complex of all memory clusters, spanning a size beyond which he could even handle.

Inala's mind would explode by the time he absorbed a hundredth of the cluster. Only an Empyrean Tusk's mind could possess such voluminous information.

At present, all the information clusters were sealed, as baby Gannala wasn't old enough to access them yet. Therefore, if Inala were to access them, he would destroy the seal and harm baby Gannala's mental growth.

Hence, he returned to reality after looking around for a bit, silent as he pondered deeply. For some reason, he couldn't forget Brangara's Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

He stared at baby Gannala, 'The moment she transforms into an Empyrean Tusk, that's final. She could no longer become human. To do so, she would have to burn her growth and sacrifice her potential, just as the previous Gannala had done.'

'But, if she has the Nature of Cultivator, she could transform back and forth between human and Empyrean Tusk forms. Moreover, by cultivating, she could become many times stronger once she enters the Life Stage.' He thought.

The cultivation journey of a Pranic Beast ended at maturity. In a cultivator's term, that was hitting the peak of the Body Stage. Hence, no matter how strong a Pranic Beast was, it only had one life.

That was why the Boar King was so terrifying, as he possessed multiple lives. Since he had the information regarding it, Inala couldn't help but think about it.



