Chapter 531 Containment, Ruins, and Capture

﻿﻿"Yarsha…" The Boar King whispered all of a sudden, his expression turning less serious as time passed, "Run away from this place."

"Are you…serious?" Yarsha Zahara was shocked to hear his words as she used her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon to absorb an attack directed at the Boar King, "Why are you being like this all of a sudden?"

"Our kids are in the hands of the enemy." The Boar King said, "And that enemy seems prepared enough to kill me. In this world, an Influenced Region can still pose a threat to the current me. Now that I've split my body, it's impossible to rejoin due to the growing influence difference in our bodies thanks to Astral Chart."

"We've already determined that the one chasing after our kids will be the main body while my purpose is only to save you." He said and nudged in the direction of the ground while giving her an Information Slip, "I'll create an opportunity for your escape. And then,"

He stared at the sky, "I'll summon a Bolt of Transcendence to decimate everyone."

Yarsha Zahara used her Skill of Glove Slip to access the data in the Information Slip, eyes lighting up in shock, 'This is called a Transcendent Eater? A Parute Tree's final form is that of an existence capable of devouring even Transcendents?'

[While I was cultivating at the Gaja Enclave, I used Mystic Bone Art to digest the information present in the heart of the Empyrean Tusk that I had recently killed. The Mammoth Clan has someone capable of turning into the Transcendent Eater. This is one of their trump cards.]

A layer of exoskeleton armour covered the hearts of every Empyrean Tusk, used as a Bone Slip to store excess information collected by the Empyrean Tusk from its immune system. They didn't need to use one during their younger years, when they were healthy.

But as they grow older, the capabilities of their mind decrease over time. Eventually, they reach a point where they would have to use the aid of Bone Slips to store information that they needed but wasn't a priority.

Hence, they'd simply access it when necessary. The older one was, the greater the volume of data inscribed in the exoskeleton covering their heart.

Typically, an Empyrean Tusk only started this during the final two centuries of its life. The one killed by the Boar King had just entered that phase and hence didn't have much information stored in its Bone Slips.

Of course, just that wasn't enough for the Boar King to know about the Transcendent Eater. All this time, while searching for Sumatra Gold, the Boar King had been digging all across Sumatra, trying to find the homes of the past generation of Mystic Empyrean Tentacles.

Based around the homes of these Mystic Empyrean Tentacles were humans and Pranic Beasts alike, forming a civilisation based around the worship of this pinnacle existence. There were structures of prayer built for such purpose.

These civilisations collapsed once the deity of their worship left Sumatra, either due to infighting or simply growing distant, having lost their purpose in life.

While the Pranic Beasts formed their own territories, the humans would seek refuge in Human Kingdoms and Empires. Generally, when such humans enter the Brimgan Empire, they'd eventually get wiped out whenever the strength of their clout increases past a certain point and become registered in the radars of the Brimgan Royals.

As the Boar King explored the ruins of these ancient civilisations, he obtained plenty of data, one of which was the Transcendent Eater project. At the Ennoudu Plains, generation after generation, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles were busy trying to grow a Transcendent Eater, intending to obtain its power.

Obviously, the last of them to have worked on the project was Renduldu, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle whom the Boar King despised the most. Bit by bit, the Boar King managed to obtain data left behind in a few such ruins.

Hence, he recognised the Transcendent Eater at a single glance. But, even he knew that devouring the Transcendent Eater was dangerous. The current him wasn't equipped enough to suppress the Transcendent Eater's Primary Nature.

Astral Chart wasn't able to perfectly suppress the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, given how these Natures were able to warn the Empyrean Tusks of the Boar King's position well in advance.

So, suppressing the Nature of a Transcendent Eater was impossible. Upon seeing how Yarsha Zahara was struggling to suppress the golden feline she had stolen from Boul Brimgan, the Boar King realised that targeting the Transcendent Eater was foolish.

It was why he simply stole blood from it and used it to fight his enemies. And now that the ground had turned into lava, adding to the toxic whirlpool that had formed before, he judged that the Transcendent Eater was planning to escape.

A glance at Orakha and he knew they were together, 'The Mammoth Clan controls the Transcendent Eater's power. Renduldu must have arranged this, since he was the Mammoth Clan's pet.'

[Currently, the Transcendent Eater is in the process of reviving someone. I want you to steal them and make your escape! Enter the Major Treasure's Influenced Region and reinforce my main body. Only then can we rescue our kids from Resha.]

Yarsha Zahara's power only stole the product of a Nature and not the Nature itself, like Voracious Nature did. So, she wouldn't have to worry about the Transcendent Eater's power consuming her from within.

"Okay, I'll do as you said." Yarsha Zahara said and seeped more of her Prana into her golden feline, exercising greater control on it for the moment. She was seated on its back and hence didn't have to worry too much about the lava.

The golden feline constantly jumped from one branch of the Transcendent to another and remained at a safe distance from the lava. Even though the Transcendent Eater was strong, the Boar King kept its actions in check, allowing Yarsha Zahara to move freely.

As the lava began to burn through the body of the Transcendent Eater and raise fumes, covering up the region, Blola took the chance to partially revert to human form. Even he could understand that Orakha's attack was to form a cover for his escape.

The tunnel created by Gannala winded through an expansive network under the Brimgan Empire, reaching all sorts of places. Once the minds of both bodies of Blola synced back then, he had all the necessary details to navigate through the place.

Unfortunately, he wouldn't be able to guard the entrance for the time being. But once the Boar King was dealt with, Blola would return to take position once again, for the Mammoth Clan within the Attributed Region depended on his exit to leave the Brimgan Empire.

He landed on the ground amidst the smoke, his landing silent. After all, his limbs were still in Transcendent Eater form. His legs resembled the roots of the Transcendent Eater, dug into the ground to continue absorbing nutrients for his needs.

His two arms resembled branches, with a fruit hanging from each. Blola needed a lot of resources to revive Yennda and Grehha. Hence, at least one leg—in root form—of his had to be in the ground at all times.

Otherwise, the entirety of his Prana would be consumed in a matter of seconds for the revival needs. Blola lifted his right leg out of the ground and extended it to a spot a hundred metres away where the roots dug into the ground.

As they began to absorb nutrients, he uprooted his left leg and contracted his right leg, moving forward by a hundred metres. His left leg then extended forward by a hundred metres to dig into the ground, following which his right leg uprooted itself.

In this manner, Blola travelled through the tunnel while continuing to revive Yennda and Grehha. The walls of the tunnel were filled with Mystic Eaters covered with the power of Orakha's Human Avatar.

They acted as guards, protecting Blola's escape.

"Shit!" Blola flinched in shock to see the thousands of Mystic Eaters in the tunnel hiss in alarm suddenly and rush towards the entrance, 'Someone's after me!'

There was a flash, following which the walls of the tunnel turned into a rock—resembling the same material generated by a Rockatrice. An instant later, they unleashed a powerful suppression effect, causing Blola's Prana to turn sluggish.

The Mystic Eaters that had rushed to the entrance became shredded by an artillery strike, spiking the toxic fumes being generated in the region.

As Blola continued to run, a massive Mystic Eater chased after him, accompanied by a hundred smaller ones, concerned about protecting him. Seeing it, Blola stared deeper into the tunnel nervously, assuming an enemy was coming from there.

He was ready to assume his Transcendent Eater form. And upon seeing a hole form on the ceiling forty metres away, he didn't hesitate to become a Transcendent Eater. In this form, he was basically invincible, unlike his human version.

The hole widened in a second as jumping out of it was a concerned Orakha, stunning Blola, 'Wait! Aren't the Mystic Eaters his? Then why are they rushing to face him…?'

Seeing Orakha's expression of tension, Blola realised what had happened, 'Shit! I was fooled!'

He hurriedly turned towards his back, noticing the massive Mystic Eater was in his face. Its body exploded as the figure of Yarsha Zahara jumped out of it, boosted by a shockwave pulse of Prana.

Her figure flickered past Blola, racing across his branches before reaching the two fruits hanging from a heavily guarded branch. As the branches targeted her, she emptied all of Geugeu's lightning stored in a Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, stunning her targets.

"Shit!" Orakha unleashed his attacks, but couldn't reach her on time as his Mystic Eater had to stop abruptly to avoid slamming into the kite-shaped Spirit Container that had appeared before it.

Followed by a second flash, Yarsha Zahara landed on the fruit that was in the process of reviving Grehha and placed her fingers—that had transformed into her Human Avatar—on it.

Primary Nature—Incident Nature Reflection!



Chapter 532 Obtaining Grehha

﻿﻿Orakha melted the ground and turned it into lava, intending to create a path of escape for Blola, failing to understand the fact that the body of the Boar King fighting everyone only intended to save Yarsha Zahara.

Following that, he was ready to kill himself. After all, his existence would only cause an implosion to the body of the other Boar King who was within the Attributed Region. Moreover, the Boar King was aware of the existence of the Transcendent Eater.

He had no idea about this in Sumatra Chronicles. And the fact that he learnt of this information was recent was never revealed, for he had been camping at the Gaja Enclave whenever he returned from a ruin's exploration.

In a war of information, even the slightest lack of knowledge results in faulty preparation. Anyone could make this mistake. And now, Orakha had done the same. The problem here was the consequences of his mistake.

As toxic fumes covered the region, the Boar King activated Rocky Intimidation and erected a mountain over the hole that Blola had jumped into, effectively sealing up the region.

Boul Brimgan and the rest were cut off from the Boar King, unable to target him for the moment. Geugeu unleashed rain to dissolve the toxic fumes and result in acidic rain. It ended up clearing the region, revealing the massive mountain before them.

"Tch!" Geugeu grunted in anger as the mountain pulsed with power, suppressing his physique and Prana. Even he felt sluggish, unable to fight at peak capacity. He reverted to human form and landed on the ship Boul Brimgan had created, panting a little, "What now?"

"We'll proceed," Boul Brimgan said and poured Prana into a giant golden feline that gathered the Prana into its mouth and unleashed a beam of energy, rapidly beginning to drill through the mountain. Sweat covered his forehead as he stopped after two seconds, gasping, "It's ridiculously tough."

"It'll take me at least a minute or two to drill all the way through." He said and stared at Boul Brimgan, "What about you?"

"I need a longer time," Geugeu grunted as Prana surged into the wound on his stomach and began to rapidly heal it. He switched to a healthier body and commented, "My Spirit Weapon form has sustained damage."

"Dammit!" Boul Brimgan then turned around to see the Raid Team panting profusely, downing Elixirs in large numbers in an effort to recover their strength as quickly as possible. It was thanks to them tanking the Boar King's artillery strike span that millions of lives had been saved.

Otherwise, an even greater region of the Southern Veins would have been decimated.

"Brother, all my refined Spirit Weapons have been destroyed." Bronsk Brimgan sighed, "Regular Spirit Weapons can barely tank a volley from the Boar King's artillery strike."

"Dammit," He cursed in anger, "If not for that creature, we could have killed him long ago. What exactly was it?"

"I'm not sure," Boul Brimgan frowned in anger as he glared in the direction of Orakha, observing that the latter had drilled into the ground to make his escape, "Only one way to find out."

'This bastard's presence is the same as the one near the Golden Giant. He must be behind father's disappearance.' Thinking as such, Boul Brimgan retracted all his golden felines. Upon downing a large container full of Elixir, he condensed a hoverboard and sped towards the hole Orakha had dug out, "Follow me once you've recovered."

"Alright," Geugeu nodded along with the rest as he turned in the direction of the Cooter Clan's approach, 'It might take them at least a day more to arrive. There's not much I alone can do.'

His eyes widened in shock for an instant as his pupils contracted, "Impossible! This presence…"

His words alerted Bronsk Brimgan and the Raid Team, causing them to assume battle positions, looking around in shock but failing to figure out the cause for his shock.

In the meantime, Orakha was frantically digging through the ground using his Mystic Eaters, 'Shit! I ended up creating the perfect opportunity for my enemies! I'm a fucking idiot!'

He had sped at his fastest, managing to drill a hundred metres into the ground before barging into the tunnel created by Gannala, only to see that he was late. "Blola!"

Blola had already assumed his Transcendent Eater form by now and had used all his strength. But Yarsha Zahara was prepared as she emptied all the abilities stored in a Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, using Geugeu's lightning attacks to stun the Transcendent Eater's branches protecting its two fruits.

'Shit! Shit! Shit!' Orakha launched a Mystic Eater towards Yarsha, unable to target her fast enough since speed wasn't his thing. Moreover, his Mystic Eater had to stop abruptly when a kite-shaped Spirit Weapon appeared before it.

He despaired as he observed the faces of Yennda and Grehha within the translucent fruits hanging from the Transcendent Eater's branch. Yennda's eyelids fluttered and shot open, reaching the final stage of his revival. In a few more seconds, he could break out of the fruit and walk out.

Having been revived so many times, Yennda was used to the revival process, able to regain consciousness well before he was fully revived. This was the one field he was focusing on for growth, so it made sense.

To revive as quickly as possible and consume minimal resources to do so, Yennda was only at the Iron Grade. Initially, it took Blola a day to revive him. But now, having had enough practice, he only needed a few hours.

His eyes craned to the side and observed the determined face of Yarsha Zahara rapidly approaching him, too late to evade. His eyes then shot to the opposite side, observing the fruit reviving Grehha, 'No, he must not fall under her control. At least him.'

'He knows too much about the Mammoth Clan!' Yennda hurriedly activated all three of his Natures and touched the inner walls of the fruit that had enveloped him, seeping a powerful disease through it.

The disease rapidly spread out of the fruit and travelled through the branch of the Transcendent Eater, intending to enter the branch carrying Grehha's fruit. As long as it manages to enter his fruit before Yarsha Zahara touches it, Grehha will be successfully infected.

It would still take time for his revival. The most Yarsha Zahara could do after gaining control of him is to place the fruit in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox. As long as the infection affects Grehha before that, it would begin to mutate rapidly.

Even if Yarsha Zahara gains possession of the infection, that would only be true for its first variant. The successor variants would be something genetically produced by Grehha's body, not aided by a Nature. Hence, it would continue to eat away at him and destroy him.

By the time Yarsha Zahara generates enough Prana to revive him, Grehha will already be a dead man in the fruit. She would lose the opportunity. By then, the figure of Blola at the Mammoth Clan could have started another revival process for Grehha.

As long as Grehha was revived, the crisis would be averted. 'Please! Reach him!'

Yarsha Zahara touched the fruit reviving Yennda first as the latter resigned himself to his fate, observing that he was being put under her control instead of Blola. 'Go!'

He watched his infection rapidly swerve through the network of branches forming the Transcendent Eater and enter the branch in charge of carrying Grehha's fruit. It seemed Blola could feel his intentions through the database of the Transcendent Eater and hence suppressed his body's internal defence mechanism, allowing the infection to move freely at its maximum speed.

It was faster than Yarsha Zahara, about to reach Grehha first. But then, it slowed down as a powerful suppressive force slammed into them.

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation X12!

The walls of the cave shone with the intimidation effect, causing Prana to churn at half its usual speed for everyone in the tunnel. Their physical bodies were suppressed even further, unable to gather the strength to even move for an instant.

There was a flash of energy as a spinning Boar King rushed past the Transcendent Eater, unleashing fourteen blades of Prana that accurately severed the branches right beyond the spot where the infection was, cutting it off from reaching Grehha.

Astral Chart—Eddy Blade X7!

Astral Chart—Imprison X2!

His Spirit Container cracked in response to using seven Natures of Eddy Blade without having a strong enough rotation. He wasn't a Bludder and hence wasn't geared to spinning at such speeds. As a result, he couldn't accumulate Prana to activate seven Eddy Blades fast enough.

By forcing himself to still go ahead and successfully accumulate over two thousand Prana in the fraction of a second to unleash the effect, the generated stress cracked his Spirit Container. If he kept it active any longer, his Spirit Container would have shattered in response.

But that instant was enough as all the branches of the Transcendent Eater were shredded into pieces with that one spin.

Particles of air rapidly gathered onto the bodies of everyone in the tunnel and imprisoned them to their spots, preventing them from moving. The Clumped Finger's Nature of Imprison was perfect for the situation.

As all her targets were unable to move, Yarsha Zahara managed to reach the fruit reviving Grehha. Her Human Avatar came in contact with it and brought it under her control. An instant later, the fruit disappeared, having been stored in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox.

She could revive Grehha in her free time later. And since the revival process was already underway, Blola couldn't revive Grehha until the fruit in her possession was destroyed.

Yarsha Zahara didn't waste time though. Right as she stored the two fruits, Prana buzzed out of her body as her figure made a beeline towards Orakha, "You've harassed me enough!"

"Now, your power is mine!"



Chapter 533 Pinnacle Three Join Hands

'I messed up big time!' Orakha loathed himself upon seeing Yarsha Zahara gain possession of both Yennda and Grehha. With her intelligence, and through the Transcendent Eater's power of controlling those it revived, she could force the two to divulge all secrets to her.

This meant that everything that Grehha had been involved with would be leaked to Yarsha Zahara, and by extension, the Boar King.

The Mammoth Clan had Blola who could revive all the seven Mystic Paths. This was their confidence, and also a form of arrogance.

If they were about to be captured, they could kill themselves and be revived by Blola. Even though they'll fall under his control, the Mystic Seven could scheme the deaths of each other and force Blola to revive them next.

This way, he'd have to remove them from the slot to revive the next Mystic Path that had died. It was why even Inala incorporated dying into his plans. After all, even if he were revived by Blola, placed in the latter's control was only temporary.

Inala was confident in scheming to ensure two more Mystic Paths died at the same time and create a situation where it was a necessity to revive them both. This way, he would break free from Blola's control and could resume life as before.

As all Mystic Paths were aware of the Transcendent Eater's revival mechanism, they didn't fear death. Hence, they were ready to kill themselves at a moment's notice.

It was why the Mammoth Clan didn't stop Grehha from participating in the race for the Attribute. Even though it wasn't necessary for him, Grehha had other things he wanted to do at the place, especially after learning of Yarsha Zahara getting entangled with the Boar King.

Him getting killed as a result of participating in the action wasn't an issue either. The Mammoth Clan had already claimed the Minor Treasure that Grehha had fused with. Hence, they were lax, which was what caused the current situation.

To avoid getting suppressed even further by Raaha, Blola began the revival process pre-emptively, without having a complete grasp of the situation. And now, the Mammoth Clan had to face the consequences of their arrogance.

Orakha assumed his Human Avatar form, transforming into a jet-black entity and began to rapidly melt through the layer of air particles that had imprisoned him to the place. Though he was wallowing in his stupidity for resulting in such a situation, he was still alert.

Yarsha Zahara only had a few Mystic Eaters in her possession. They weren't enough for her to accomplish anything significant, especially after she used most of them to fool Blola.

But if Yarsha Zahara were to touch his Human Avatar and obtain the power of both Selectively Permeable Plasma and his Primary Nature of Human Avatar, she'd be able to build her Human Avatar at a faster pace.

That would accelerate her growth in strength, increasing the pressure on the Mammoth Clan. Upon seeing the Boar King's actions, Orakha realised that through the Nature of Imprison, the Boar King wanted to capture Blola.

Prana surged into his mouth and melted through the layer of Imprison on his lower jaw, allowing Orakha to shout, "Suicide!"

Prana compressed itself to its limit in his Spirit Container and caused it to explode, resulting in Orakha's body turning no different from a bomb, one that broke through the layer of Imprison and flooded the tunnel with intense heat.

Blola realised that he had messed up and upon seeing Orakha shout, even he could understand what he had to do, observing a layer of particles had locked his body in place, preventing him from moving.

Blola crushed his Spirit Container, causing an explosion of energy in his body as the majority of his branches exploded in response. His Transcendent Eater form collapsed lifelessly as his Spirit Container disintegrated.

Prana surged out of his body, a sign of death. Now, neither Yarsha Zahara would be able to steal his power nor would the Boar King be able to consume him to gain the Transcendent Eater's Nature.

"Watch out!" The Boar King roared at the emission of heat from the explosion and hurriedly erected walls of rock through Rocky Intimidation to block them.

Even though Yarsha Zahara could absorb the heat, only a small portion of her body could be covered by her Human Avatar. Therefore, the heat could melt through most of her body, killing her in an instant.

"Urgh!" The Boar King grunted in pain as he assumed Empyrean Boar King form to seal up the tunnel, blocking the heatwaves from reaching Yarsha Zahara, "Run! Now!"

Prime Skill—Prana Flash!

Yarsha Zahara condensed Prana in her back and grabbed the Boar King's tusk, bolting at her fastest speed right after he assumed human form. The initial thermal shockwave from Orakha's explosion was tanked by the Boar King's body, causing his rear to be severely wounded.

His rear legs and butt had melted in response, so it would take some time to heal from the damage, preventing him from running away. Hence, right as he assumed human form, Yarsha Zahara carried him and bolted in the opposite direction, heading towards the hole that Blola had jumped into the reach the tunnel.

The Boar King had created the mountain smartly, keeping a path open inside that reached the entrance to the Attributed Region.

Now, Yarsha Zahara flashed to the surface and continued through the roadway tunnel for a couple hundred metres before jumping through the entrance. She landed on the flight of stairs made of water and quickly rushed towards Compartment 10-A.

"Shit! He's here!" The Boar King shouted with a vexed tone, "Why does every single powerhouse on Sumatra have to come at me at the same time, and in this situation at that?"

As Yarsha Zahara rushed towards Compartment 10-A, the tunnel brimming with intense heat cooled down rapidly and condensed into a sphere before a figure rushed through it.

Primary Nature—Thought Condensation!

Wielding the power of the Golden Empyrean Tentacle capable of altering the terrain as he pleased through the power of thought alone was the Mammoth Clan Chief, Raaha.

Once he brought the Mammoth Clan to safety, Raaha observed Geugeu and Boul Brimgan joining hands to deal with the Boar King. The Boar King's two bodies were currently split.

This meant that both bodies individually weren't strong enough to deal with the lineup of the three strongest powerhouses of Sumatra right after the Boar King—Geugeu, Raaha, and Boul Brimgan. All were at the 10-Life Stage, representing the pinnacle strength of their respective factions.

This was the best chance to kill the Boar King. While Resha bought time by keeping attention on the body of the Boar King in the Attributed Region, they could focus on dealing with the second one. And after killing it, they could focus on the main body which held over twenty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

The second body only had two Gold Grade Natures, gained from the Clumped Fingers. The rest were all Silver and Iron Grade Natures. So, it was possible to deal with him, especially since he had sustained some damage now.

The best-case scenario would be to bring Gannala with him. Through her Dance of Annihilation, she could keep Yarsha Zahara in check. The latter would be busy trying to resist it, trying to use her Human Avatar against the influence generated from the Dance of Annihilation trying to touch her body from all directions.

It would make her helpless against everything else, preventing her from supporting the Boar King. Currently, she behaved as a tank to absorb the strongest of abilities launched by the attackers on the Boar King.

Without her, the Boar King would have to split his strength between offence and defence, no longer having the leeway to spam attacks recklessly like before.

Even though it was better to have Gannala at the scene, Raaha didn't wish to take the risk. After all, she was the Supreme Tusk's successor. Currently, her existence was of strategic importance to the Mammoth Clan, whether it be in terms of acquiring Nature Weapons or allowing the Empyrean Tusks to move about in human forms.

As long as she remains alive, even if all Empyrean Tusks were to die, the Mammoth Clan could be revived in all its glory in the future, for she already carried the inheritances of everyone.

In the past few months, all Empyrean Tusks left behind their inheritances in her. Hence, Raaha didn't wish to put her life at risk by bringing her into the Attributed Region to chase after the Boar King.

Considering their history, Gannala would be met with the entirety of the Boar King's aggression. Therefore, Raaha moved alone. The entirety of the heat generated by Orakha was condensed into a sphere before him as Raaha rushed through the tunnel.

His expression was cold, determined as he rushed through the tunnel, soon passing the area where Orakha had exploded his body. The explosion had caused a portion of earth above the tunnel to be sent flying, opening a hole to the surface.

His eyes shot up and observed Boul Brimgan, expressing his intention, "I'm the Mammoth Clan Chief, Raaha."

"I'm going ahead to kill the Boar King. Come join me."

"Okay," Though he had a lot of questions, Boul Brimgan leapt into the tunnel and landed on a golden feline he had brought out, riding it alongside Raaha. "There are a few things I wish to question the Mammoth Clan."

"I'll stay behind after the Boar King is killed. You can ask me anything until you're satisfied." Raaha said. Even in this situation, he didn't reveal that the Mammoth Clan was behind the deaths of over a hundred Brimgan Royals, acting like it never happened.

'Inala created the perfect excuse for this, something even the Boar King accepted.' Thinking as such, Raaha said, "The Mammoth Clan almost met its end under the hands of Loot. We're happy to cooperate in this regard."

"I'll keep you to your word then." Boul Brimgan said as he watched Raaha mould the plasma sphere into a sword, 'So this is the Mammoth Clan's Chief. He's a tad stronger than the Cooter Clan Chief.'

"I believe this is the first time we've met each other, Raaha." A thundercloud dropped into the tunnel and sped forth like a railgun, erupting with arcs of lightning to induce a magnetic field through the tunnel to propel itself.

"The pleasure's mine, Geugeu." Raaha said in excitement as the trio rushed into the flight of stairs made of water, watching the figure of Yarsha Zahara and the Boar King enter Compartment 10-A, "With the power of us three combined,"

"The Boar King can be killed." As he announced, the trio entered the Attributed Region, jumping the Boar King.



Chapter 534 A Buffet of Bolts of Transcendence

"I'm fine now." The Boar King said as his legs finished healing from the injury. He landed on the ground and turned around to stare at the three figures that had barged into Compartment 10-A.

"Rejoin with my other body, Yarsha." He spoke upon judging the amount of Prana left in him, "I have less than three thousand Prana. That's not enough against these beings. Your current state makes you vulnerable to their abilities. They're not good-natured enough to avoid targeting your weakness from the get-go and holding you hostage against me."

"With me around, they cannot attack you directly…" Yarsha Zahara stopped speaking upon staring at Raaha, an expert in area-of-effect attacks. It took her a second before the Boar King's words clicked in, staring at him apologetically, "When did you…"

"Come on, Yarsha. I'm your husband. If I cannot even detect that you've given birth just recently, then what kind of a man am I?" The Boar King said, not sparing a glance at her, "Physically, mentally, and even your presence is stretched to its breaking point. It's a wonder you're even able to move."

When Ruvva was born, the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself. Until then, Yarsha Zahara had been in a battle against the people of the Brimgan Empire for a decade, harassed by them nonstop.

Even with the help of her children, she was unable to take a breather. After all, she couldn't always make her kids farm in the land and clean the constant thrash being thrown into Varahan Mansion. She needed to educate them, train them in Skills, and ensure that they grow and mature properly.

She had the burden of doing all that while keeping the situation under control to avoid interrupting the Boar King's cultivation at the Gaja Enclave. For a decade, she bore the burden physically and mentally.

And then, there was the strain due to childbirth. Ruvva had barely been born when Virala targeted her family, forcing Yarsha Zahara to take action, and not giving her enough time to rest at all. Adding to that was Orakha's attacks, which caused her to lose some of her Sumatra Gold, stressing her out further.

The Raid Team then appeared, her children got injured, and when her situation became despairing, Resha arrived to her rescue. But right as that happened, she recalled the memories of her Sumatra Chronicles self, getting messed up completely.

Her two selves fought each other and forcefully came to a conclusion using Grehha's Empyrean Incubator. Yarsha Zahara didn't have enough time to come to terms with her changed self, feeling a disconnect with reality.

She was merely going along with the flow for the moment, focusing on her kids as a priority. Even then, she was too exhausted to properly make use of her abilities.

In such a state, she fought against Resha and the Raid Team to protect her kids and then joined the Boar King to face Geugeu and Boul Brimgan. Even now, she gave her everything to steal the two fruits from Blola while trying her best to make a move before Orakha.

If only she had a couple of months of free time to fully synchronise her body and mind to ascertain her character, values, mentality, and purpose in life, Yarsha Zahara would have been able to deal with this situation a lot better than she had done until now.

Without a moment's rest, she had been fighting nonstop, both physically and mentally. In Sumatra Chronicles, she bore Resha's child. In this life, she was the Boar King's wife. Basically, she was in a relationship with two of the greatest mortal enemies of Sumatra.

Adding to that was Virala, with whom she birthed Ruvva. Virala had a bond as a Mammoth Clansman with Resha but the latter wanted nothing more than to kill him. Similarly, the Boar King considered him as Loot and wanted to kill him too.

Having given birth to the children of the trio was none other than Yarsha Zahara. Even though Resha's child didn't exist in this timeline, it made no difference, for to her Sumatra Chronicles self, that was no different from reality.

Caught in the centre of the mess, Yarsha Zahara's mind felt like it was about to break apart. Her disposition constantly wavered, a reason why she mostly shut off her mind and focused on passively protecting the Boar King.

It had been ten hours since the Attribute Revealed itself. She had been fighting nonstop during this entire time, and against pinnacle experts at that. The moment she relaxes for even a moment, her body will shut down, forcing her into a state of unconsciousness until she stabilised both physically and mentally.

"I…am…" Yarsha Zahara bit her lips upon observing the Boar King's side profile, able to feel that he was hurting from within. And soon, the dreaded question arrived.

"The body I left under the mansion was combusting itself to fuel the genetic development of our kids. In that state of being, forget giving birth, it's impossible for its body to even generate a single sperm." The Boar King released a deep sigh as he made eye contact with her, "So, who was the father of your latest child?"

Her eyes reddened upon seeing his pain. Until now, no matter what he faced, the Boar King remained proud. But now, she could no longer see that in him. He just felt so…fragile.

Part of her was hurting to see him like this but the other part relished the scene. Accepting her children was fine, for they were hers and were innocent in both timelines. But she had yet to come to terms with the Boar King. Her two selves loved and hated him the most respectively, two conflicting thoughts with equally powerful emotions.

"Tell me, Yarsha." The Boar King said and unleashed a dome-shaped rock to cover up the entrance, unwilling to be disturbed by the three powerhouses for a few seconds. His facial muscles twitched as his eyes lost their lustre, "Tell me…who was it?"

"He had your body, character, and presence. I…was fooled." Yarsha Zahara said, blinking as her hands slowly raised to her cheek and felt the burning sensation there, unable to react to the Boar King's slap.

"This is the first time I've hit family." The Boar King stared at his hand that had slapped her reflexively, chuckling self-deprecatingly, "Oh, how I've fallen."

"I didn't…that wasn't my…" Yarsha Zahara wanted to prove her innocence, but words failed to come out of her mouth. She was unable to figure out what to say here.

"Where's that child now?" The Boar King asked after a silence of ten seconds, one that felt like minutes.

"Loot snatched her from me." Yarsha Zahara bowed her head in shame.

"The fault isn't yours. I'm not blaming you." The Boar King turned away from her and sighed, wiping a tear that he shed for the first time in his life, "It's just…this world is filled with grotesquely cunning monsters. Even I've fallen prey to them multiple times. As a sheltered princess who was pampered since birth, despite your intellectual superiority, you're just too innocent to face them."

"Now, go." The Boar King waved his hand weakly, "My other body has been using all the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity. He's actively suppressing the influences of the Empyrean Tusks' hive-mind nature while controlling his hatred. His mental state and physical condition aren't as sensitive as mine."

"So," He stared at Yarsha Zahara, "Before you reach him, heal yourself so that you don't look like someone who has given birth mere hours ago. He definitely won't notice, since before the split, we couldn't perceive your state of being as a woman who had given birth. It just felt like you were exhausted from the repeated battles."

"Tell our children to do the same too. Act oblivious to the situation." The Boar King's voice was faint now, almost a whisper, "An ignorant man is a happy man. The fact of you giving birth…take it to the grave, all of you."

'I…can't do that. She's my child too!' Yarsha Zahara controlled her thoughts, unwilling to hurt the Boar King, even though her Sumatra Chronicles self was happy to do so. 'That never happened! Fuck that hatred!'

"I'm sorry," She said with a resolute expression, "I don't wish to hide anything from your other body. It was the result of my foolishness and I am prepared to accept the consequences."

"The only consequence you have to face is a sight of me blaming my powerless self." The Boar King chuckled without an air of confidence and arrogance from before, "My wife suffered through a lot while I was ignorantly stuffing myself fat at the Gaja Enclave."

"After two millennia, I finally have a family that I love. And I…" The Boar King seeped Prana into the monolith nearby and crushed it to form a boat in which he placed Yarsha Zahara, uttering as he sent it flying towards the gate leading into Compartment 9-A, "am ready to go to any extent to protect my family."

"So, I beg you, Yarsha." He said, "If you're unable to kill that child, treat her as non-existent until our kids have children of their own. That'll make my suffering worthwhile. Or if better, kill Loot first. I wouldn't mind raising that child then."

"That's my compromise and something I request of you." He said as the boat carrying her sped towards the gate leading to Compartment 9-A. His gaze then focused upon the figures of Raaha, Geugeu, and Boul Brimgan who broke through the dome of rock he had erected around the entrance, "I'm not in the mood for this. So, the lot of you can die as you please, since I'm tearing this place down."

He stared at the ceiling of the Attributed Region and observed the raindrops, "A place that can kill even me. So that's what a Major Treasure does. Then, I simply need to be prepared for it."

"My main body, I'll leave the rest to you." Saying so, the Boar King unleashed a presence to signal Sumatra Continent that he had reached the pinnacle of the Pranic Beast Path and wished to enter the Transcendence Stage, inviting a Bolt of Transcendence towards him.

His figure flickered to reach the gate leading to Compartment 9-A before Yarsha Zahara, watching a Bolt of Transcendence pierce through the ceiling of the Attributed Region and reach him, losing most of its power by the time it reached him.

"Urgh!" He grunted in pain, feeling his body beginning to melt faintly in response as he summoned a second bolt, adjusting the way his presence emanated to attract a Bolt of Transcendence that ran straight through the gate to reach him.

It poked a hole through the gate, allowing the boat-shaped monolith to pass through it and head towards the gate leading to Compartment 8-A. The Boar King erected a rocky pillar to block the gate long enough for it to close before Raaha and the rest managed to enter it.

His figure flickered to the other end of Compartment 9-A and invited a third Bolt of Transcendence, using which he cleared a path in the rain, making it easy for the boat-shaped monolith to travel without being bombarded by rain.

Boom! Crash! Kaboom!

The Bolts of Transcendence were repeatedly attracted by the Boar King, using which he tore through the gates and headed deeper into the Attributed Region, 'I…need…to…hold…on!'

A ginormous sea of knowledge carried by the Bolts of Transcendence poured into his mindspace, also containing with it data related to the Attributed Region that the Bolts of Transcendence melted through and absorbed. His body began to break down as the Body King desperately churned Prana, 'I need to endure. Just a bit more.'

'Until I transfer all of this accumulation to my main body and finish creating the Wean Clan!'



Chapter 535 Arriving Before Attribute

﻿﻿Compartment 1-K!

Inala entered it alongside Asaeya and turned around to stare at Rhanalla, nodding towards her, 'Be safe!'

Rhanalla waved her hand, implying that she intended to focus on protecting herself as she had already obtained keys leading to the adjacent Compartments, prepared to seek refuge in whichever one was safe.

The reason was simple, very much so, as the Attributed Region rumbled.

From the skies of Sumatra Continent, originating from somewhere too far for an individual to perceive, came Bolts of Transcendence, targeting the Attributed Region at two spots. Yes, two.

Both the bodies of Boar King were summoning the Bolts of Transcendence to counter the Attributed Region.

A bolt slammed into the gate of Compartment 5-L, revealing an opening into 4-L. Resha's figure flew all over the place, harnessing his Prana to the limit to keep the Boar King engaged.

The Bolt of Transcendence lost most of its power by the time it pierced through the Attributed Region's ceiling and gate. The purpose of a Bolt of Transcendence is to fuse the body of a cultivator at the 10-Life Stage into a singular whole and, in the process refine it until he becomes a Transcendent.

Once the cultivator became a Transcendent, the Bolt of Transcendence was no longer a threat to him, even if they were only an Iron Transcendent. Similarly, all Influenced Regions were on par with the bodies of Iron Transcendents.

As a result, the Bolt of Transcendence was unable to destroy the Attributed Region. It was only able to damage it slightly and lost most of its power in the process. This meant that the Boar King could continue to summon them without worries.

By the time the Bolt of Transcendence reached him, it had lost a majority of its power. Hence, he could tank it without issue, only facing second-degree burns in response, which wasn't much considering his recovery means.

In contrast to the damage, the Boar King's gains were tremendous. A vast sea of knowledge contained in the Bolts of Transcendence flowed into his mind, causing his abilities to improve naturally. New Skills were developed for his Natures, brimming with endless inspiration and a wealth of knowledge incomparable to anything he had obtained before.

When a bolt hit the wall of water forming the Attributed Region, it absorbed some of the influence in the region, which was then transferred to the Boar King's body. The massive biome in his stomach began to absorb the Attributed Region's influence through the Bolts of Transcendence, developing in response.

"You're dead when I catch you, Resha!" The Boar King roared as he assumed Empyrean Boar King form for an instant and swallowed Braga, finally able to get his hand on one of his sons.

"There's more!" Resha said and took out Brana from his stomach biome and held him on his right. Held in his left was Baga as Resha chucked him towards an Attributed Creature like usual and just as the Boar King defeated the latter, he snuck away both Baga and the key.

Using the Boar King's rage and the influx of Bolts of Transcendence, Resha rapidly paved a path through the Attributed Region, constantly changing Paths as he approached the centre. Only he used a key. Right before entering a gate, Resha swallowed the Boar King's children.

And once he was on the other side, he took them out and taunted the Boar King. The keys were only necessary for entry and exit. Through the stomach biome, it was possible to bring an army with him, which was what he had done in Sumatra Chronicles.

Hence, Resha was experienced with the process.

The Fourth Layer! The Third Layer! The Second Layer!

Resha was rapidly getting to the centre.

At the same time, the second body of Boar King had reached the Seventh Layer by now, also drawing in Bolts of Transcendence to forcibly break through the gates.

'They are fast!' The second Boar King's body stared at his back and noticed the trio of Raaha, Geugeu, and Boul Brimgan remaining right on his trail, 'They're keeping up with me even when I'm using a shortcut.'

Upon spotting an Attributed Creature, Raaha would use his body to terraform the fluid body of the Attributed Creature at the spot before its key, in the shape of a nail. Geugeu would then use the power of Mystic Mist Art to slightly part away the layer of water surrounding the key.

This would loosen its position, following which Boul Brimgan's golden feline would unleash a golden beam on the head of the nail, which would slam into the key and send it flying out of the Attributed Creature.

It took less than a minute for the trio to gather three keys, which was how they were able to keep pace with the Boar King. As they cooperated, they were able to synchronise their teamwork better, able to take down Attributed Creatures faster.

The walls of the Attributed Region were thick and behaved no different from glass towards light. Hence, the refractive index was high, making it impossible to observe more than the adjacent Compartments.

But despite that, Inala could feel the approach of the two Boar King bodies. After all, the walls, the floor, the ceiling, and even the bodies of the Attributed Creatures formed ripples every time a Bolt of Transcendence slammed into the Attributed Region.

Even though the region was rapidly healing from the damage, thanks to it being made from water, Inala could observe that the walls were beginning to thin out. The reduction in thickness was merely a millimetre, next to nothing in comparison to the walls sporting a thickness in the range of dozens of metres.

But it still meant that the Boar King's actions were able to damage the Attributed Region, one of the most threatening territories to exist on the continent of Sumatra.

"We need to hurry!" Inala assumed his Empyrean Zinger form and flew towards the group of spinning tops in the Compartment.

There was no rain in Compartment 1-K, but instead was filled with spinning tops, with each spanning a height of twenty metres and a radius of forty metres. These spinning tops slammed into each other, resulting in dangerous splashes of water.

The level of danger was exceedingly high as compared to other Compartments, as this was the final test one had to face in order to obtain the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Seated in the centre atop the spinning top was an Attributed Creature, in a meditative pose. Its body spun alongside the spinning top, but as it wasn't a living being, it wasn't bothered with being spun for an eternity.

There were close to thirty Attributed Creatures here, with the cheapest treasure contained in their bodies being Gold Grade Mineral superior to Rutham. And in the body of the Attributed Creature that was the biggest and seemed to be the strongest was a billowing celestial body of energy, churning with enough power that it seemed capable of exploding the Attributed Creature itself.

Minor Treasure!

With a glance at the Attributed Creature containing it, Inala judged that he wouldn't be able to destroy it anytime soon. The Minor Treasure brimmed with enough power that Inala's Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis felt trash in comparison.

He might have to spend days before managing to obtain it, since it was positioned in the most dangerous spot amongst the group of spinning tops, impacted the most by other spinning tops, so the splashes of water near it were the highest.

Having personally faced enough Attributed Creatures, Inala was now able to determine which held the key leading into a deeper layer. "Focus on defence alone."

"Okay," Asaeya nodded and caused six of her most refined Spirit Weapons to hover around them, revolving rapidly to defend against any water splashes. She had practised enough to use psychokinesis, pulses of Prana, rotary speed, the effects of inertia, and incident angles to deflect the water splashes.

The angle of deflection wasn't high, but was enough for the water droplet to miss its mark. Best of all, her most refined Spirit Weapon could deflect at least ten such droplets before shattering.

Since the Spirit Weapon wasn't enduring the entirety of the force behind the water droplet, it could withstand the impacts. Rhanalla was the one who taught her this method of application, basing it upon the experience gained by the Empyrean Tusks in the Attributed Region.

Inala made a beeline towards the Attributed Creature containing the key to the centre of the Attributed Region, one that was the second strongest in the Compartment. He opened his mouth as four strings of Prana created using the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis coiled to form a barrel out of his mouth.

It jutted out just like a tongue but was shaped like a barrel. Its rear end extended through his throat, layering on its inner wall before getting connected to his stomach biome.

The group of Empyrean Zingers there had set up a factory line of Gravity Bombs, all charged up to their limit. Through the combined use of psychokinesis of more than a hundred Empyrean Zingers acting upon a heavy piston that cranked up a light lever arm, a Gravity Bomb was launched into the throat.

His throat was wide enough for the Gravity Bomb to fly through without problems in his Empyrean Zinger form. As it flew through his throat, Prana radiated from the strings.

The strings were coiled in his throat, forming a smooth surface, creating a diameter of open space that exactly matched the Gravity Bomb's. As a result, when the Gravity Bomb moved through the throat, its surface remained in contact with the four strings of Prana.

Tangible Psychokinesis!

It was to unleash the effects of psychokinesis through the strings of Prana. And now, the four strings did the same, unleashing the effects of psychokinesis on the Gravity Bomb along the length of the string.

Due to the coiled nature of the strings, the Gravity Bomb began to spin, for it acted the same as the grooving of a gun. And then, through the effects of psychokinesis unleashed through the four strings, the Gravity Bomb accelerated.

It was already shot by the combined might of a hundred Empyrean Zingers, carrying with it enough momentum. And now, as it passed through the throat, its momentum was stabilised alongside a spin, allowing it to have a stable flight path once ejected out.

Like a tongue, the barrel of Prana string jutted out of Inala's Empyrean Zinger mouth and curved a little to face the Attributed Creature. And then, Gravity Bombs shot out of it like a machine gun, bombarding the target.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Right as a Gravity Bomb came into contact, it exploded, discharging shockwaves in the direction of the Attributed Creature. And then, right at the same point, a second Gravity Bomb impacted, making another discharge.

The line of Gravity Bombs slammed the exact same spot and unleashed concurrent discharges of shockwaves to cause a major ripple on the Attributed Creature's body, so much so that it deformed.

After all, Inala was bombarding it at least forty times a second, causing the impacted zone to cave in and push the water there to other sections of the body. "Asaeya!"

"On it!" Asaeya erected a six-layered Spirit Weapon on their bodies, transforming it into a drill that rotated at tremendous speeds. Peeking out of the drill's tip was the barrel, continuing to cave in the targeted spot.

And then, when the Attributed Creature's body at the spot thinned out alarmingly, the drill pierced through it and appeared on the other side, only losing four layers in the process. The drill shattered as Inala landed on the ground, holding Asaeya with one arm.

His other hand held the key leading to the centre as Inala turned around to stare at the Attributed Creature with a gigantic hole in its centre, "I got what I wanted."

"Stay safe, Asaeya." Inala dropped her at the gate and leapt through it, entering the centre as he stared at the pillar of light emanating from a tiny brain-shaped object, "Finally, I'm here."

Major Treasure—Attribute!



Chapter 536 Layer Zero

Layer 0!

It was a Hexadecagon situated in the centre of the Attributed Region, spanning a length of 16 kilometres from the gate to the Major Treasure of Attribute in the centre.

Unlike the previous Layers which were filled with water splashes from a variety of effects, Layer 0 was peaceful. There were no traps here. One didn't need to follow any rule or travel path to obtain the Attribute.

The sole treasure available in this place was the Major Treasure of Attribute. It was just lying there, peacefully, not protected by any Attributed Creature.

The ten Layers until now were the test. If one made their way to Layer 0, they were eligible to obtain the Major Treasure of Attribute. Hence, there were no obstacles in Inala's path.

All he would have to do is walk to the shining brain and touch it, which would cause it to fuse with him, giving him the power of the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Unfortunately, he couldn't do that, for he had to wait for Amita's arrival. If his goal was to simply obtain Attribute, he could claim it already. But he wanted to use the Major Treasure of Attribute as a catalyst for evolution and become a Pranic Beast—Zinger.

Hence, he could only wait. He wasn't planning to sit still though and instead began to make preparations. First was to bring out a series of rock pillars from his stomach biome and fill up the place. These obstacles would prevent anyone else from getting the Attribute easily.

Second, Inala brought a stone cage in the shape of a dome and covered the Attribute with it. The cage didn't seem like it was anything special. But contained within them were six Sandy-Grey Bombs, the last of his reserve.

He had reclaimed them from Leh Island during his return journey. Now, they have been implanted in such a way that the moment anyone was to touch the cage, the closest Sandy-Grey Bomb would explode and spill all its contents on the target.

He avoided using anything made out of bone, for they were vulnerable against his Mammoth Clan competitors. Hence, Inala patiently extracted large boulders from mountains that he had come across to make everything.

To morph their shape, he only used Internal Inertial Gravity, compressing them until they formed the respective shape. Hence, they maintained their structural composition and remained sturdy enough.

'This is…Asaeya?' Resha was stunned once he entered Compartment 1-A to see Asaeya standing right before the gate leading to the centre. His mind whirred in thought as he judged that since Asaeya was already there, it meant that Inala had entered the centre.

'I wanted to kill the Boar King using the dangers at Layer 1.' Resha thought, sighing upon seeing the Boar King continuing to endure the attacks while constantly summoning Bolts of Transcendence. 'It would take some more time to kill him like this. What do I do?'

Does he focus on killing the Boar King and forget about the Major Treasure of Attribute? Or does he lead the Boar King to the centre and thwart Inala from obtaining the Attribute?

'That'll be foolish.' Resha shook his head, unwilling to take the risk. For with the slightest misstep, the Boar King could obtain Attribute and mess up everything. Worst of all, there were no dangers in the centre that Resha could use against the Boar King.

The spinning tops in Layer 1 had the highest power and were able to wound the Boar King the greatest. If Resha couldn't kill him here, then he wouldn't be able to kill him anywhere else.

'I'll kill him first!' Resha made a spontaneous decision. Killing the Boar King took the utmost priority.

"Come, face your death!" Resha roared as he sent Brana and Baga flying in opposite directions while bombarding the Boar King with a flurry of projectiles.

"Dad! Centre!" Brana seemed to have been waiting for a chance all along as he hurriedly stressed his Spirit Container and transformed into an Empyrean Boar. He swerved his body and barely evaded a spinning top to land on the ground. with a kick of his hooves, he sprinted towards the corner, sustaining serious injuries but didn't stop, shouting nonstop, "Centre! Dad! Go to the centre!"

In an instant, the Boar King changed his action and harnessed multiple Bolts of Transcendence towards the gate leading to the centre. He was aware that Resha was leading him to his death. Even at his full power, he was unable to do anything.

Therefore, the only way to change this situation was to obtain the Major Treasure. The boost in strength it granted would be enough for the Boar King to change the situation. Otherwise, it was just a matter of time before they were all killed.

To avoid that future, Brana took the risk as the oldest sibling, intending to divert part of Resha's attention and give enough room for his dad to enter the centre.

But suddenly, his Prana began to drain at a rapid pace as Brana lost his sight, followed by hearing, sense of smell, touch, and taste. In the end, even his Prana detection means were lost as he was unable to feel any sense of prickling on his skin.

Using him as the base, the Boar King's senses too were taken away. As Brana had reached maturity, he had as much Prana as an Empyrean Boar, which was enough to steal the Boar King's senses for a few seconds.

Asaeya nodded at Resha as she shot all the needles in her arsenal. They had been charged fully with the pain she had inflicted upon herself. They landed on him but failed to pierce his body, even when they spun with all their strength.

Resha took out Barla too, for she was valuable enough to buy a few more seconds. Barla, Brana, and Baga would be used for Asaeya's Akashic Transfer and keep the Boar King bereft of all senses for a few seconds.

His External Inertial Gravity acted upon the rotating needles and increased their density, causing them to gradually pierce skin deep into the Boar King's body. It was enough though, for their purpose was only to transfer the pain stored in them into the Boar King.

Resha assumed his Empyrean Tusk form and activated its battle state to slam the Boar King with his trunk and send him in the direction of a spinning top. The top slammed into the Boar King and began to cut through his body like a saw.

Bereft of all senses, the Boar King was unable to react. Upon realising that the situation was dangerous, he could only do one thing to survive this. Immediately in response, intense Prana formed a cluster in his Spirit Container and caused it to multiply into two.

"It's done!" Asaeya shouted as she rushed away from the gate to avoid being touched by a Bolt of Transcendence.

"Keuk!" Resha grunted as his trunk slammed into a spinning top and was shredded in response. Thankfully, the top's direction changed in response and moved towards the Boar King to slam at him.

He flew across the place to send more spinning tops towards the Boar King, ignoring the damage sustained by the action. And then, the first sense regained by the Boar King was his sense of touch, thanks to Asaeya's machinations.

Immediately in response, all the needles pierced in his skin injected the stored pain into his body, overwhelming his nervous system, "Argh!"

The Boar King's nervous system shut down in response naturally as a defensive mechanism to avoid short-circuiting his brain. In this situation though, that was dangerous as the tops slammed into him more and more.

"Die! Die! Die!" Resha roared as he unleashed External Inertial Gravity to its limit to ensure the spinning tops remained in contact with the Boar King's body. And then, through his Major Treasure of Cure, he unleashed a pulse, for a moment suppressing the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the Boar King.

As it had been used enough times, the Boar King was already prepared to defend it. And even in his powerless state, the suppression effect on his twenty-plus Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity lasted barely a tenth of the first time Resha used it.

It was enough for this situation though as in that instant, the density of the Boar King's body reduced rapidly, causing the spinning tops to shred him apart.

The colour of the three spinning tops turned crimson for an instant before they began to extract the substances to form a layer of outgrowth on their forms.

The Boar King's presence vanished!

"Dad!" Barla shouted mournfully right as she recovered her senses, unable to sense her father's presence anymore. Deprived of all Prana, she was unable to do anything, collapsing on the floor as she watched a spinning top heading her way.

"He's…dead." Resha felt all his tension leave as he felt relief. The Boar King was dead. Even though there was another body, the one he killed was the stronger one who held all the Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

But suddenly, his gaze flickered towards the gate and ceiling, watching the Bolts of Transcendence continue to be summoned, "Impossible!"

The Boar King was at the 3-Life Stage when he arrived at the Brimgan Empire. When the eye targeted him, the body he sacrificed was his third body, one that was still developing—

early phase of the Body Stage.

Therefore, the remaining two bodies were at the peak of the Body Stage respectively. When necessary, he could condense a new body to gain another life, which was his trump card.

And once Asaeya robbed him of his senses, the Boar King condensed a second body and swapped bodies. As a result, the one that died was his newly formed body. Using the Bolts of Transcendence as cover at the moment when Resha relaxed, and when the suppression effect was still active, the Boar King slid out of the cluster of spinning tops and hurriedly grabbed Barla and swallowed her upon assuming his Empyrean Boar King form.

"You're not getting them all!" Resha reacted promptly and used external Inertial Gravity to pull Brana and Baga towards himself, only to see that he had been fooled.

The Boar King swerved all of a sudden and made a beeline towards the gate and jumped through the hole opened by the Bolts of Transcendence, his cold voice echoing behind, "It's set in stone."

"The Mammoth Clan will be annihilated by me! I assure you of this fact!"



Chapter 537 Personal Property of Sir Inala

"Help me!" Resha shouted at Asaeya as he cranked his gravitational flux to its limit and pulled himself towards the Boar King.

Everything had happened too quickly. As a result, Asaeya instinctively used her Spirit Weapon like a bat and slammed Resha with it, sending him flying toward the hole in the gate that was rapidly closing up.

Only after she had done so did she realise her mistake, 'I should have entered it instead. Resha is Inala's competitor!'

But she wasn't confident enough in stopping the Boar King, having already used her reserve of pain on the Boar King. And without anyone else to tank the expenditure of Akashic Transfer, she'll only be able to steal the Boar King's senses for three to four seconds with her Prana reserve.

As a result, she instinctively felt that it would be better to help Resha, 'I'm not sure if this is the right decision. Shit!'

When Asaeya's Spirit Weapon slammed into him, Resha turned his body weightless and also used External Inertial Gravity to repel himself away from the Spirit Weapon. This way, the speed at which he was sent flying was faster than simply being hit by the Spirit Weapon.

His Prime Skill of Gravity Funnel pulled him towards the Boar King as Resha activated his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 to transform into an Iron Grade Pranic Beast with a small body, using it to pass through the rapidly closing hole.

He reverted to human form once he entered Layer 0, shouting with all his might, "There's an enemy, Inala!"

"I'm aware," A voice resounded from beside him as Resha stared at Inala in despair.

"Why the fuck are you here?" He was perplexed upon seeing the Boar King casually flickered through the array of rock pillars to reach the Attribute, "If you were already here, why didn't you get the Attribute first?"

"The Attribute is a bait." Inala said and assumed Empyrean Zinger form to take flight, "Follow me."

"There isn't a better chance to kill the Boar King!"

Resha lightened his body and attached a Gravity Funnel to Inala and was pulled into the air by the latter. He stared at Inala in shock, 'What the fuck is this guy planning now? Is he not interested in Attribute?'

In less than a minute, the Boar King reached the cage covering the Attribute, "A futile attempt at shielding it."

The pillar of light continued to surge out of the cage, keeping the Attribute's position revealed. The Boar King punched the cage, only to see a stream of grey sand spill into his body in response, "What the fuck?"

He hurriedly retreated in alarm and observed his hand gradually turning into grey sand, "Sandy Grey Void?"

With a flash of Prana, he severed his hand and other parts of his body that had come in contact with the grey sand. His eyes observed the grey sand on the floor consuming it to create the Sandy-Grey Void but was actively getting suppressed by the influence of the Attributed Region.

As a result, the quantity of grey sand remained the same, neither increasing nor decreasing. The body parts severed from his body continued to fall towards the floor when a hail of Gravity Bombs slammed into them and splashed the grey sand on him, startling the Boar King.

Inala flew across the place as the string of Prana elongated out of his mouth like a tongue and curved accordingly to his flight path and aimed at the Boar King. The Gravity Bombs targeted the splash of grey sand in such a way they carried at least a few particles with them before impacting the Boar King.

Due to the rapid dissemination of the grey sand's effect, causing a single particle to latch onto the Boar King was enough. The power behind the explosion failed to even scratch the Boar King's dense body, but the grey sand was troublesome enough.

Inala aimed at a spot on the floor with enough grey sand and slammed a Gravity Bomb there, causing it to explode and eject the compressed air within it in such a direction that it spilled the grey sand on the Boar King.

"What are you gawking about for?" Inala shouted at Resha, "Use your gravity to send the grey sand back on the Boar King's body."

The string of Prana in his mouth bent below to unleash a thrust that accelerated his body as Inala flew faster, now spamming Prana Bombs on the Boar King. The moment a Prana Bomb slammed into the Boar King and absorbed some Prana, Inala morphed it into a Prana Hand before it was destroyed by the latter.

'Sweet!' Inala judged the consumption and gains, 'I'm using ten Prana per Prana Bomb and two more Prana to transform it into a Prana Hand rapidly. The interval of Prana absorption is short, so I'm only able to gain five Prana.'

Even though he was consuming seven units with every single attack, he was actively causing the Boar King to lose five units too. This was atop him having to focus on cutting off parts of his skin that came into contact with the grey sand time and again.

There was a mountain of Prana Bombs, filled to the brim with Prana in Inala's stomach biome. The ones consuming these to create both Prana Bombs and Gravity Bombs were his Empyrean Zingers. Inala's sole consumption was to inhale air into his lungs after turning it into a biome.

This air was then used to charge up the Gravity Bombs by the Empyrean Zingers. Therefore, with his current consumption between compressing air and using his four strings of Prana, Inala would be able to remain fighting for days before the mountain of Prana Bombs would be consumed.

From time to time, an Empyrean Zinger would shatter a Prana Bomb's contents onto the stomach walls, allowing Inala's stomach to digest it and generate Prana for his use.

Using the Attribute as bait, Inala kept the Boar King in check. He didn't have the brute strength necessary to fight the Boar King head-on like Resha, but he had his methods.

Grey sand formed a small cloud as Inala revolved around it and accurately targeted the trapped Boar King. Resha used his gravity on the particles of grey sand and caused them to fly towards the Boar King.

He winced in pain as the particles of grey sand multiplied in number by consuming his Prana.

"I see, I see. This is a festival." Virala stopped before the gate leading into Layer 0 as he caught his breath. A few seconds of rest later, he assumed Mystic Ewworm form and consumed an extra key in his possession—one that led to an adjacent Compartment in Layer 1.

He turned around to stare at a Storage Lantern flying at him and leaped back to pass through the gate, watching the gate tank the attack. He then peeked his head through the layer and stared at the Empyrean Tusk, "Sorry, madam. I wanted this key, you see."

"Inala would win without competition if more of you enter the centre," Followed by a chuckle, he ignored Rhanalla's incensed expression and slithered through Layer 0.

Rhanalla had managed to make her way to Compartment 1-L and was about to enter the centre in order to reinforce Inala. Hence, Virala barged into 1-L from a nearby compartment and stole her key right as she defeated an Attributed Creature.

Based on what he had observed, more and more Empyrean Tusks were reaching Layer 1. Rhanalla was the fastest among them. And the next Empyrean Tusk would enter Layer 0 in ten minutes. Another team was rapidly approaching Layer 0 too, more or less needing ten minutes too, 'I'm still unable to figure out that Empyrean Snapper's identity.'

'Before that woman reaches the centre, I'll need to obtain Attribute.' Virala recalled Dhya's appearance and felt pressured, 'If I can't get it in ten minutes, the Attribute will become Inala's as more and more Empyrean Tusks enter the centre.'

Inala had the key of Path K that led to the centre. Virala obtained Path L's key. Resha and the Boar King barged into the centre without a key. Dhya would be obtaining one of the keys while Harla Brimgan was close to getting one too, despite the setbacks she had faced.

This meant that the remaining twelve keys would be obtained by an Empyrean Tusk each, all of whom were supporting Inala. The moment he had a complete understanding of the situation, Virala sped between the rock pillars, subtle in his approach.

It wasn't easy to detect his Mystic Ewworm form as Virala was slow but patient, getting closer and closer to the Attribute. He watched Resha and Inala attacking the Boar King with a flurry of attacks, feeling Prana continuing to brim within the Boar King, 'He's able to unleash a powerful attack.'

Virala went into hiding and waited until there was an explosion of shockwaves from the Boar King that cleared out the region, causing grey sand to spill all across the place. The shockwaves destroyed the cage covering the Attribute too, forming a clear path.

Virala coiled himself like a flying snake and shot forth like a spring, using the moment when Inala and Resha were busy protecting themselves from the Boar King's attack. The Boar King's body was covered by grey sand, so he needed at least a second or two to clean himself.

'This is the opportune time!' His smile widened as Virala made a beeline towards the Attribute, one that froze up to see a shadow loom over him.

"Thanks for the ride," Orakha said upon reviving above Virala. Using a Mystic Eater as a whip, he sent Virala flying away and used the momentum to grab the Attribute, only to see the Attribute explode in response.

"What the fuck?" Orakha shouted in shock upon landing on the ground farther away as he turned around to stare at the location where the Attribute was, seeing the pillar of light continue to remain there.

Only then did he stare at the brain matter on his hand and realised what was up, "There was a fake atop the original?"

A layer of glass shattered to reveal the actual Attribute, positioned slightly below the one Orakha had grabbed, masked by the pillar of light. In anger, the latter glared at Inala and rushed towards the Attribute, only to be bombarded by a hail of Gravity Bombs, "Fucking schemer!"

"Take a look at it closely. What do you see?" Inala said as he continued to fly around, resuming attacks on the Boar King.

Stunned by his words, Orakha gathered Prana to his eyes and was able to focus better on the Attribute, noticing a line of words formed on the platform of water below it, made using a mineral deposit.

[Personal Property of Sir Inala.]



Chapter 538 Attribute Acquisition

﻿﻿"It's mine!" The Boar King roared as his figure flickered towards the Attribute, grunting in pain when a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a stamp touched his spine, causing tangible pieces of information to leak out of his mind.

Slurp!

Virala absorbed the information and retracted his Spirit Weapon to slither away, only to be bombarded by a series of shockwaves from the Boar King.

Immediately in response, Resha appeared overhead and transformed into the humanoid giant of Brully, slamming his hammer into the Boar King to stop his approach. A thunderous voice was generated from the impact as the Boar King's momentum only slowed down a little, for he was just that damn heavy.

A series of Gravity Bombs bombarded his face, resulting in tumultuous explosions. But the Boar King merely brushed past them and continued towards the Attribute, only to see grey sand cover his body as a Sandy-Grey Bomb was mixed amidst the Gravity Bombs.

"Tch!" The Boar King had to stop in his tracks, for the Sandy-Grey Bomb had targeted his ankle, preventing him from running. If he doesn't take care of it quickly, the grey sand will eat away at him entirety.

Without hesitation, he severed his leg, only to see a field of gravity latch the severed piece to his body.

Multiple Prime Skills of Gravity Funnel latched onto him, pulling all particles of grey sand in range towards the Boar King.

A Mystic Eater crawled onto his other leg using an opportune moment and ejected all its heat into the Boar King, raising his overall body temperature, forcing him to use more Prana to ensure his organs didn't secrete hormones and other substances due to the changing body temperature.

If the Boar King were to be a tad late in healing himself, his body's hormonal balance would go out of whack, which could even affect his stomach biome. It would secrete large quantities of stomach acids that would eat away into the land regions of his stomach biome.

Once the Parute Trees were to be destroyed, the Boar King's recovery would fall short, which would place him at a disadvantage.

Upon stalling the Boar King, Orakha rushed towards the Attribute, only to see Inala slam a bone hammer at him, one whose density was raised to the limit.

'Hmm?' Inala's eyes widened in surprise to see his bone hammer had melted instantly once Orakha assumed his Human Avatar form, 'How is its heat way stronger than what I know?'

'It doesn't matter. I can figure it out later.' Inala unleashed a gust of pressurised wind at Orakha, sending the latter flying. He then had to switch back to Gravity Bombs to see Virala's Mystic Ewworm form slithering towards the Attribute.

Explosions resounded nonstop as the Mystic Ewworm accurately used the edges of the field of explosion generated by the Gravity Bombs to counter each other and continue through them with minimal damage.

His figure transformed into an Empyrean Boar King all of a sudden, stunning everyone at the scene to ram into Inala and send him flying.

"There's another?" Inala didn't have enough time to relish in his state of shock as he assumed Empyrean Zinger form and curved in the air to change his momentum. He sprayed a bunch of Prana Bombs storing a certain gas. This was created by the Medicine Lord, Lurt who was still confined in his stomach biome.

The gas was capable of solidifying into ice at the slightest exertion of force. Upon impact, the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the Prana Bomb disappeared, causing the gas to burst out and solidify into a sheet of ice immediately.

It was very weak and didn't have much combat use. But it was enough to stall someone like Virala for an instant.

Virala reverted to his Mystic Ewworm form once his Empyrean Boar King form got stuck in ice. Now, he had enough space, following which he moved a bit and became an Empyrean Boar King. The rapid expansion of his figure shattered the ice, allowing him to break free and rush towards the Attribute, only to have a gust of air send him flying away.

His Mystic Ewworm form was agile but weightless. Hence, Inala's gust of air could send him flying.

The Boar King's expression turned fierce upon seeing Virala assume Empyrean Boar King form, for in his mind, there existed only one existence on Sumatra capable of doing the same other than him.

Loot!

"That bastard is here!" Dhya gritted her teeth in anger. She and Amita had just reached Compartment 1-M and noticed the fight happening in the centre, right on time to witness the Mystic Ewworm transform into the Empyrean Boar King.

"We need to hurry." Amita said upon seeing the fight, "My male body won't be able to last long."

"You'll die if you were to go there!" Dhya expressed her fluster, "Even if you end up getting the Attribute, you'll be killed instantly by the fighters there. They're not at a level where you can handle their attacks."

"Tell me," Amita glared at Dhya, "Do I have a choice?"

Seeing Dhya shake her head, Amita continued, "Then let's not waste time in an argument. Try to reach the centre as quickly as possible to save me."

The duo hurriedly targeted the Attributed Creature holding the key to the centre as Amita rushed into the centre soon after.

"Urgh!" Inala crashed into the wall and got a good portion of his legs shredded by the impact. He hurriedly layered his wings with Prana Bombs, enough to assume flight and took to the skies once again, watching the Boar King slam into the position he was at just a fraction of a second ago.

While on flight, he focused on healing his wings, which seemed to take forever in this high-paced fight. He didn't have time to heal his bleeding legs anytime soon. His recovery speed at the Silver Grade proved insufficient. 'Hurry, Amita! I won't be able to last long without the Life Bombs!'

A bunch of Mystic Eaters latched onto the Boar King and constricted him, targeting his Spirit Container, only to have a shockwave obliterate them all.

'It's mine!' Virala leaped onto the Attribute, only to see a field of gravity send him flying as Resha hovered above the Attribute.

He looked around, observing mysterious women arriving at the Compartments of Layer One in droves, 'Are they Empyrean Tusks?'

He had encountered them along the path when luring the Boar King. But these women quickly rushed into adjacent Compartments to avoid the Boar King entirely. As they were separated by the walls of different Compartments, Resha was unable to ask them about their identity.

Even though he thought they were Empyrean Tusks, but at the Body Stage, he couldn't verify their identities. It was necessary to be at the Life Stage for that. Prana detection means could be easily fooled before that.

Based on what he knew, Empyrean Tusks were unable to assume human forms, unless they were like him, which wasn't possible as only the immune system of the Supreme Tusk Gannala was able to transform into Empyrean Tusks.

Even if the Mammoth Clan managed to figure out a way, it was impossible to raise experts on the level of these women, and in such large numbers. Hence, he was unsure of their identities, especially upon seeing them use Spirit Weapons more than their bodies, which was a characteristic of Free Humans.

And the range displayed by these women was only possible for Brimgan Royals. All these puzzling pieces of information confused Resha, causing him to hesitate as he stared at the Major Treasure of Attribute, 'If I touch it, I'll obtain it. But doing so would disrupt the Cure's influence. In my current state, obtaining the Attribute will be detrimental. Maybe if I had a couple more decades, I should be able to manage fusing with a second Major Treasure.'

'What do I do now?' Resha looked around. He wanted to run away with the Attribute and give it to the Mammoth Clan Chief. But in the present scenario, he wasn't sure if that was possible.

His gaze then fell on Compartment 1-A, noticing the second body of the Boar King enter it, chased after by Raaha, Geugeu, and Boul Brimgan. Upon seeing that, Resha was relieved, 'The Chief's here!'

"Then…" Resha glared at the Boar King, "I don't need to worry about anyone obtaining the Attribute. We can kill the owner to reclaim it anyway. The Chief will take care of that."

With that in mind, Resha charged towards the Boar King, using a flux of gravity to pull Virala and Orakha towards him and attacked the Boar King, "Face me if you dare, Brangara!"

"Bastard! Did alone if you're so eager!" Virala cocooned himself using the stamp made from the Golden Giant to protect himself as he was pulled towards Resha.

"This dumbass!" Orakha cursed in response as he maintained his Human Avatar form, shouting immediately after, "Pull Inala too!"

"I am!" Resha grunted and unleashed a field of gravity towards Inala, only to see it failing to take effect as a layer of Prana Bomb covered Inala.

The Prana Bomb armour absorbed the Prana within the gravity fast enough to weaken its effect on Inala. Using his thrust, he sped away, extending a string of Prana towards a gate as the figure of Amita rushed into Layer Zero and extended a layer of Prana towards himself.

"They were…the same person?" Virala was stunned at the scene, realising the extent of Inala's preparations, 'This fucker might end up uniting both the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan.'

"You win this, Inala." Virala sighed in defeat, "Your preparations are simply superior."

"As if I'll allow you!" The Boar King roared and infused the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Prana Shock to send the trio of Resha, Virala, and Orakha flying. With a kick on the floor, he unleashed a burst of air to thrust himself towards Inala in a hurry, "That Major Treasure's Mine!"

In his heightened state, the Boar King's vision was focused upon the figures of Inala and Amita, observing the string connecting the two contract rapidly, causing the two individuals to fuse.

"Aaargh!" There was a painful scream as if someone was tortured to the extreme as the different influences in Inala and Amita bombarded each body, about to cause an implosion.

But as their bodies became one, their presences reacted with each other, like a fusion reaction as Amita's Sumatra Gold Skeleton stabilised it. Their combined figure then slammed into the Major Treasure of Attribute.

The Boar King stared in shock as an instant later, dozens of Bolts of Transcendence slammed into the individual in his vision.



Chapter 539 A Prehistoric Conversation

Hovering in the vast expanses of space was a cube created out of grey sand, spanning a size equivalent to an entire galaxy. It moved amidst cosmic chaos in its orbital path, oftentimes interacting with celestial bodies part of other galaxies.

A stream of starlight, created by the gravitational pull unleashed on a galaxy flowed into this grey cube. It consisted of star matter, hot and dense, littered with planets, asteroids, etc.

The grey cube was littered with billions of holes, each spanning a size as massive as the Earth's orbital path around the sun. This stream of starlight split and poured into the various holes, dripping through them under the effects of the powerful gravitational pull stemming from the depths of the holes.

It was a network of tunnels leading from the holes, spanning across the entirety of the grey cube's interior. Oftentimes, many tunnels connect with each other, forming nodes. Massive planets hover in these nodes, facing the starlight as countless sparks reverberate through their contact points.

It might seem like mere sparks from this scale, but in truth, each spark was a cataclysmic event when viewed up close.

Travelling through the starlight was a being of light, littered with glitters that shimmered like the stars. It was shaped like a cloud and was capable of burning any existence that dared stare at one of the glitters covering its body.

As it travelled through the starlight stream, it observed a pillar of light emanating from a tunnel, lured by the power in it, intending to consume it. As it approached a node that led to the respective tunnel, a group of planets came in its path.

Immediately in response, a variety of attacks targeted it, causing injuries to its celestial body. But despite the attacks, it continued to approach the pillar of light, stopping only upon being physically blocked by a planet.

Starlight glitters condensed around its body, intending to bombard the planet when a tusk that extended infinitely multiplied in number and stabbed the glitters, puncturing them. A series of tentacles manifested around the being of light and bombarded it with incessant slaps.

Ripples spread across another planet that slammed into the creature and sent it flying away a bit. The being of light was only momentarily dazed, following which it continued to approach the planets, intending to destroy them before being able to chomp upon the pillar of light.

This pillar of light was thin, almost hair-like in comparison to the diameter of the tunnel. It formed a straight line and seemed to head to the depths of the tunnel. From time to time, a bolt of lightning, oftentimes golden, but sporting traces of other colours accompanied the pillar of light and headed to the depths of the tunnel.

These bolts ranged from the planets at the node. The colour traces in the golden bolts varied depending on the planet it originated from.

At present, three distinct bolt streams accompanied the pillar of light and headed to the depths of the tunnel, where a ginormous planar existence swam through the grey sand. From a spot on its body originated the pillar of light. And it was this exact spot that was targeted by the three bolt streams.

Every single stream was a Bolt of Transcendence!

A tentacle of starlight slithered into the node and entered the tunnel, alarming this planar entity as 392 tendrils jutted out and raised up, glaring at the tentacle. It seemed lifeless at first glance, but the body language it displayed was one of stress amidst intense danger.

Dozens of tangible existences ranging from tusks to tentacles to hands jutted out of the group of planets and grabbed the starlight tentacle before yanking it back to the node. Only after that did the 392 tendrils relax and bury themselves in the grey sand once again.

At the bottom of the pillar of light was an existence, in the mindspace of whom played this scene.

"This is…the truth of this world?" Inala expressed his shock as he stared at the Empyrean Tusk before him, "You're…Gannala?"

"No, you don't feel like her." He took on a guarded expression and glared at the latter, "Who are you?"

[My dearest son! Well…I wanted to try this at least once. Too bad…!]

The Empyrean Tusk vanished, revealing a human male, one at the end of his lifespan. He was dressed in a cloth weaved out of distinctly coloured ribbons, with all of them dangling towards the fleets. It was an archaic style of clothing that the Brimgan Empire opted out of many generations ago.

Now, it was only worn during ceremonial situations in the Brimgan Empire.

"You're Attribute." Inala connected the dots and figured out the latter's identity, expressing his shock, "How come you're maintaining your individuality?"

"Both Minor and Major Treasures are failed Transcendents." The old man spoke, "Typically, our souls are first destroyed, preventing us from becoming Transcendents. If our bodies survive the Bolts of Transcendence, we become a Treasure. Oftentimes, a portion of our mind survives, depending on our mental accumulation."

"In my case, my mind remained completely intact, since the part of my body that survived the Bolt of Transcendence and became a Major Treasure was my brain." The old man shrugged, "Well, that was my goal in the first place. So yeah, I merely became what I had planned to become."

"Are you saying you purposefully became a Major Treasure?" Inala asked in surprise and looked around, "Also, what exactly is this place? And what was with these scenes playing outside?"

It seemed like his mindspace a first glance, but was in the shape of a pod moving through space. Reflected on its surface were the tunnels at the end of which was the node where a bunch of planets were facing against a starlight entity of light.

"Those planets are Transcendent Worlds." The old man said and pointed at the starlight being of light that appeared in their line of sight from time to time, "And that's a cosmic entity trying to consume Sumatra Continent. The Transcendents in the Transcendent Worlds are busy fighting it."

"It would continue to remain in this node until the beam unleashed by the Major Treasure of Attribute disappears." He continued, "It might lose its interest once the beam vanishes and head somewhere else that catches its fancy."

"What are these beings exactly?" Inala asked.

"Who knows?" The old man shrugged, "There's a lot to be found out, which is why I became a Major Treasure in the first place. After all, this is the safest way to research. Had I become a Transcendent, I would be fighting these beings from the Transcendent Worlds and might have been killed long ago."

"There are many things I found out in these tens of thousands of years. But there's still a plethora of information that I'm unaware of." He sighed and stared at Inala, "Based on your memories, there's a suitable example."

"The Mudropper race!" He exclaimed in interest and pointed at the starlight being of light, "In the past, a body part of a cosmic being was severed. The Sandy-Grey Void assimilated it and during the process, birthed the Mudropper Race once Sumatra Continent pulled them into the folds of its influence."

"Typically, if these beings aren't pulled into a continent's influence, they'll continue to be assimilated by the Sandy-Grey Void until nothing remains of them and they become one with the grey sand."

"You can read my memories?" Inala asked and then thought of the old man showing up as an Empyrean Tusk, "Is that why you acted like that?"

"Also, how come I'm able to converse with you when such a thing never happened to Resha?" Inala stared at the old man, "If you can read my memories, you'll understand what I'm talking about, right?"

"You're quick on the uptake." The old man nodded, "Currently, the Bolts of Transcendence are fusing the essence of Attribute into you. I'm being broken down at the foundational level and being assimilated into you. This so-called conversation we're having is merely a result of you gaining my information."

"Resha didn't get it since the Attribute simply fused with him. I was still alive in that situation and was actively influencing his biomes." The old man laughed, "If he had only fused with me for a century, my influence on his biomes would have reached a potent level, allowing him to obtain other Major Treasures without the influences countering each other. But he obtained Weapon too soon, so he didn't benefit from any of the three Major Treasures he possessed."

"It seems you understand that Sumatra Chronicles never happened, so that's good. It's merely a future that would have happened if the lot of you didn't have your memories from Earth." He then stared at Inala, "Any other questions you have?"

"Plenty, to be honest." Inala said and sat down, "What exactly was your original plan?"

"Research?" The old man tilted his head and said without hesitation, "Figuring out the secrets of the world is a man's romance. I did it before I was brought to Sumatra and even here, I continued to do the same."

"As I thought, you're from Earth too." Inala's eyes widened in surprise, "That explains the direction in which the Brimgan Empire's Spirit Weapons have been developed."

"Earth? You're mistaken about that." The old man laughed, "I originated from a different world that's somewhat technologically similar to the Earth you came from. Honestly, I'm not even a human."

"If I have to make a guess…" He trailed off and said upon reading more of Inala's memories, "My race is somewhat similar to the dolphins of your world? But our brains were bigger, and…"

He made typing motions with his fingers, "We had dozens of fins to take the place of fingers. That's how we could create tools too and build an aquatic civilisation."

"Did you try to return to your world?" Inala asked upon hearing the old man's melancholic sigh, "It should have been possible had you become a Transcendent. Why did you not attempt it?"

"My world died by the time I became strong enough." The old man shook his head and pointed at the node, "In that star stream also exist countless worlds, with many of them being planets bearing life. When they enter this system, they're targeted by the Transcendents defending the various Continents."

"Sometimes, as these planets are getting assimilated, the Transcendents will reincarnate some of the sentient races on the continents. This way, the knowledge we possess will eventually help develop the power system, culture, and technological aspects of the world on these continents." The old man then stared at Inala, "It's not long before these worlds are completely destroyed."

"After all, they'll be acted upon by the Sandy-Grey Void."



Chapter 540 Making History

"If you're worried about Earth, I suggest you don't waste your time." The old man said upon observing Inala's expression, "There's nothing you can do about it. It was already getting assimilated by a Transcendent World when Renduldu found it. Any humans who caught the fancy of the Transcendents might have been reincarnated into various continents."

"What about the rest?" Inala asked, his expression scrunching up as he figured out the answer immediately after.

"Even Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts cannot survive for long in an Influenced Region. A Transcendent World is a slightly stronger version of that." The old man shrugged, "It seems you've already figured out the fate of the beings on Earth. It is what it is, as they are mere mortals. Maybe if Earth hasn't been fully assimilated by the time you become a Transcendent, you can consider reincarnating people from there to Sumatra Continent or one of the many nearby continents."

"The number of people you can reincarnate depends on your power, but I'll leave it to you to make the decision."

"I understand," Inala sighed and stared at the old man, able to feel a vast sea of memories pour into his mind, "Are you angry at me?"

"After all, I'm killing you." Inala said, "Had it been anyone else, you would have still been alive."

"No, I was prepared for death either way." The old man shook his head, "You see, a Major Treasure's work is done the moment its Influenced Region is completed. After all, it would continue to unleash a pillar of light through this tunnel and place the continent at risk."

"Even if someone obtains the Attribute now, when that individual dies, the Attribute would reveal itself to the world once again by unleashing another pillar. Now, do you know what might have happened at the end of Sumatra Chronicles?" He grumbled, "Let's consider for a moment that it's real."

"Now, when Resha died, the Major Treasures of Attribute, Weapon, and Pet revealed themselves at the same time. Three pillars were unleashed alongside the one unleashed by the Seat of Transcendence." The old man pointed at the node, "Dozens of those Cosmic Beings were drawn towards this node and ended up destroying a few Transcendent Worlds."

"So, the optimal situation would be for my owner to become a Transcendent. This way, my power would either be fused into their being or be destroyed in the process." He concluded, "With that, Sumatra Continent won't be endangered due to me. It's how Major Treasures with a completed Influenced Region have been removed from Sumatra until now."

"Which is why I want to give you a piece of advice, Inala." The old man spoke, "When the Seat of Transcendence reveals itself, try your best to claim it or make someone capable claim it as quickly as possible. Unlike other Major Treasures, the Seat of Transcendence is created through a Mystic Tentacle. It's the sole Mystic Grade Treasure."

He stared at the tunnel in fear, "The longer it reveals itself, the stronger the Cosmic Being it draws in. To date, I'm unable to understand why these Cosmic Beings are drawn towards the pillar of light unleashed by a Major Treasure. But, it's a fact that they're drawn by the Major Treasures."

"There's a lot that we could talk about, but time is running short." He said upon seeing the mind space begin to shatter, "You'll be inheriting everything about me anyway. So, I'll leave it to you to make decisions on your own."

"Thank you," Inala said in response as he watched the old man's body begin to dissipate, knowing well that he was absorbing the latter's accumulations in its entirety. And thanks to the Bolts of Transcendence blazing down on him, the Brimgan Founder was unable to resist.

At the centre of the storm of Bolts of Transcendence, a skeleton made out of Sumatra Gold revealed itself, being the primary cause behind Inala's capability to endure the bolts. Otherwise, the first bolt would have vaporised him instantly.

Primary Nature—Royalty!

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity/Subtle Terrain Dominance!

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System/Tangible Psychokinesis!

Major Treasure—Attribute!

Using the Sumatra Gold Skeleton as the base, the Bolts of Transcendence began to fuse everything originating from Inala's distinctively separate bodies.

At the same time, the effects of Royalty spread to his Spirit Container thanks to the effects of Attribute, inherently changing his Prana to have the properties of Royalty.

The air within his stomach biome churned in response, for the particles of Prana it carried now turned into the effects of Royalty. As the Quip Tribesmen breathed in this Prana, a few of them on the verge of evolution felt strange.

Their Spirit Containers in the shape of a Zinger came alive for an instant, absorbing the effects of Royalty. The first to experience the change was Gappu, one who was the most influenced by Inala at the Sanrey Plains. He continued to develop at the same pace in Inala's stomach biome.

"Hahahaha! I'm becoming stronger!" He clenched his hands into a fist and roared, feeling changes erupt across his body as all his Prana surged into his Spirit Container, causing him to break his limits and enter the 2-Life Stage.

One after another, over twenty Quip Tribesmen experienced the same, simultaneously reaching the 2-Life Stage. In response to entering the Life Stage, their Prana became elevated in terms of quality, causing a reaction to erupt in the Spirit Containers of the three Mutated Empyrean Zingers—two Kings and one Queen—through whom the Quip Tribe was created.

The Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen's body grew larger in response, now emanating the presence of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Her siblings—the two Mutated Empyrean Zinger Kings—experienced the same and became Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Through their connection—using the Nature of Spatial Immune System—with Inala, the evolution experienced by the trio flowed into Inala and affected his Prana. It was absorbed, stabilised, and enhanced by the Sumatra Gold Skeleton that was being fused into his being by the Bolts of Transcendence.

As Inala's Nature of Royalty was what influenced Attribute, and as his Primary Nature, the evolutionary effects gained through the Spatial Immune System flowed into Royalty. As the Major Treasure of Attribute was fused into the Nature of Royalty, Inala's evolution occurred.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

For an instant, Inala's figure became powerless as the effects of the Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Major Treasure of Attribute, Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis, Mammoth Clan male genetics, Cooter Clan female genetics, Mystic Bone Art, Mystic Mist Art, and his five Natures surged into his Spirit Container.

They influenced his Spirit Container which was in the shape of an Empyrean Zinger, causing it to absorb the changes brought about by the evolution of his Quip Tribe into the Quip Clan and begin to morph in appearance.

"This is…?" Resha, Virala, and Orakha stared at the Prana Bomb that had appeared in the place where the Attribute used to be, tanking the stream of Bolts of Transcendence.

'What the heck is he doing?' Orakha stared in a daze, 'He…wasn't planning to simply get the Attribute?'

'The fuck is happening now?' Resha was flabbergasted, unable to recognise Inala anymore, 'Who the fuck is this guy? It feels like I never knew him. What exactly is he doing?'

'Man, you're cool.' Virala grinned as he observed the festivity. 'No wonder I feel threatened by you the most. You're indeed terrifying.'

"Damn, now that's a treat!" Boul Brimgan whistled at the sight, actively observing the entire sequence of events, 'This is valuable information. I can experience another burst in strength if I can comprehend his thoughts and reasoning.'

He too possessed a Major Treasure. Therefore, Boul Brimgan was excited by Inala's actions, for it revealed a new path of progression, one that was unknown until now.

'What…the heck are you doing, Inala?' Raaha stared at the Bolts of Transcendence in a fluster and glared at the Prana Bomb in the centre of it all. 'You didn't say anything related to this.'

"This makes no sense! A Mammoth Clansman and a Cooter Clansman have fused. But," Geugeu stared in absolute confusion, the image of the woman strikingly clear in his mind, "Wasn't that Amita?"

"Didn't she die?"

The trio had varied reactions to the scene, watching the progress from Compartment 1-A. Running in lead before them were the figures of Boar King and Yarsha Zahara, their pace slowing down to stare in shock, feeling as if they had been slapped silly.

They knew who Inala was, for he was Gannala's father and was supposedly killed by Loot. And then, Amita was one of the most pitiful victims of Loot. The Boar King and Yarsha Zahara had visited the Misty Flake Tea House plenty of times, treating Amita as a colleague or an ally to a certain extent.

The fact that Inala and Amita were the same individual was a slap to their faces. It meant that for more than a decade since they met in the Dralh Sea, Inala had been playing with the Boar King.

Worst of all, a good measure of Amita's growth was possible thanks to the Boar King. He literally supported the growth of his enemy, a despicable Mammoth Clansman who was somehow also a Cooter Clansman.

Yarsha Zahara's self-confidence took another major hit, for Amita Brimgan had weaved such an intricate scheme and lived out such a life right before her eyes, but despite that, despite claiming to be superior in terms of deduction capabilities, Yarsha Zahara failed to sniff out the scheme.

Once her relationship with the Boar King was revealed, she lost her hard-earned position in the Brimgan Empire. And the one who replaced her was none other than Amita Brimgan. Now, it all seemed like a calculated plot by Amita. And all Yarsha did was perfectly get played by the latter.

"Ooooh!" Rhanalla stared at the scene in interest, curious to see what Inala was doing as she cheered him on, "Go, Inala! Succeed, cutie!"

"Hold on! I'm coming!" Dhya shouted in nervousness as she fought an Attributed Creature to enter Layer Zero and rushed to Amita's rescue, observing the figure of the Boar King make a beeline towards the Prana Bomb within which Amita was.

"This is what you've fought for, Inala." Asaeya was in tears, "You've suffered through madness just for this outcome."

"For twenty long years, you've worked tirelessly for this situation, braving through all odds." She was elated, watching the Prana Bomb in excitement, "You'll emerge as the strongest Mammoth Clansman in history, someone who'll surpass the Mammoth Ancestor!"

The Prana Bomb shattered!

It was as if time had stopped for a moment; a suffocating presence burst out like an uncontrollable torrent, spread across the region like a wave. In response to it, in many communities of both Humans and Pranic Beasts, many beings subconsciously kneeled in response, offering their prayers to the birth of another ultimate existence.

She was the most excited at the start. And as she felt the presence, Asaeya's face hardened. Her tears stopped flowing as her smile drooped. Her gaze turned dark as she was no longer excited. Instead, it was one full of disappointment, streaming tears of sadness, "Oh…!"

"He's no longer a Mammoth Clansman."

"This is…impossible!" The Boar King's figure was still travelling in an arc toward the Prana Bomb. Less than a second had transpired from the moment the figures of Inala and Amita touched the Major Treasure of Attribute. The Prana Bomb formed like a cocoon as Bolts of Transcendence targeted it instantly.

"No! I won't allow you to emerge!" The Boar King grunted with a determined gaze and increased the strength of the thrust he was generating, intending to reach the Prana Bomb before it hatched, "The only pinnacle existence on Sumatra is me! There's no room for another!"

Cough!

When he was eight hundred metres from the Prana Bomb, the Boar King stared in shock as the Bolts of Transcendence had stopped. In an instant after the Prana Bomb shattered, a ginormous entity made an appearance, stretching its left hand toward him.

Its hand covered the distance of eight hundred metres, causing the twenty-metre-long nail on its index finger to pierce through the Boar King's chest, causing him to cough up blood in response. In absolute shock, he stared at the massive creature that towered everything, looking down on him.

'I…was too late!' Blood dripped out of his chest as the Boar King started to age in response. He glared at the entity before him in resistance, one that stood in the same realm of existence as him.

Mutated Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Royal Zinger!

Volume 4: Royal Zinger—The End!



