Chapter 411 The Flow of Time in Preparations

"Yes, that's what I'm worried too." Inala sighed, "It's why I want you to bring this Bone Slip to Orakha. His power is the only thing that can cripple her."

"Mind revealing Orakha's power to me?" Maroppa asked, slightly angry at the fact that she had no idea about Orakha's strength.

"Ask him yourself." Inala waved his hand, "I won't reveal his abilities without his permission."

Until now, Orakha treated him as a competitor and not an enemy. Hence, Inala too reciprocated with the same.

"Fine," Maroppa grumbled, saying after a few seconds, unable to digest the fact, "Still, how the fuck is she able to use Sumatra Gold to forge her Human Avatar?"

"I have no idea. Besides," Inala said solemnly, "The most threatening will be her Primary Nature."

Depending on what her Primary Nature does, Yarsha Zahara could singlehandedly counter all the reincarnates. The most problematic point of them all was the fact that Inala had no idea of the type of power a Human Avatar built out of Sumatra Gold could generate.

"Can't you guys simply run away?" Maroppa asked in the end, "With my power, we can flee Sumatra Continent."

"Are you faster than the Boar King?" Inala asked, sighing upon seeing Maroppa shake her head, "There, you have your answer."

"Once he reaches the 5-Life Stage, he can sense us all over a terrifying distance, even if we're inside the Sandy-Grey Void. Even if we start running today, we won't be far enough from when he reaches that level. He can quickly catch up to us. Besides," Inala smiled wryly, "He already has methods to detect my position from afar. So, fleeing is an impossibility for me already."

"I can only scheme from right under his nose."

"I see," Maroppa nodded, slumping on the table, "Ah, this is annoying. Out of everyone I could take a liking to, why did it have to be Orakha?"

'The fact that she's lamenting like this must mean she has fallen harder for him than I assumed before.' Inala felt a bit relieved about this fact. At least their side had Maroppa to save them if things became truly messed up.

Just the Sandy-Grey Void alone wasn't enough of a deterrent against a Boar King with multiple bodies stacked upon himself. But it could still force him to set aside a portion of his strength to counter the environment.

And until now, as Inala spoke to Maroppa, he talked as if they were all in the same boat. And honestly, Maroppa didn't consider herself an outsider to the matter either. This meant that when things go to shit, she'll have the Mammoth Clan's back only because of Orakha. 'Now, I only need to ensure Orakha doesn't screw up.'

"It's enough if you give this Bone Slip to him. I'll discuss it with him in the future. This isn't something that could be done without careful planning, since the Boar King can return to her help anytime." Inala said and concluded their discussion. He then resumed his work at the tea house.

Using the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis, Inala was able to perform his work even while conversing with Maroppa. With a maximum range of 180 metres, he could easily cover the entire tea house.

Maroppa sat in her seat for an hour more as she made plans regarding her business as usual. Once she had completed her work, she left the tea house, Bone Slip in hand, intending to give it to Orakha.

The days passed in such a fashion. Every day, Maroppa arrived at the Tea House and helped Inala assimilate the three pieces of Sumatra Gold better into his skeleton.

Whenever the opportunity presented itself, Inala visited Asaeya and began to dig an underground network at her house using Subtle Terrain Domination. Only that way could a stable underground network be created that wouldn't be filled with toxins by the Southern Veins instantly.

Asaeya and Gannala visited the tea house occasionally to chat with him and Wittral. Wittral always prepared a special feast for them, happy to talk to his friend, Hayaya.

As the days spanned past, Inala kept looking for an opportunity to deal with Yarsha Zahara, but the risks were tremendous. There was a guarantee of his evolution plans going haywire if he targeted her, with the Boar King chasing after him relentlessly following that.

Hence, he could only give up on the plan until he obtained the Attribute. He wasn't qualified to deal with her until then.

There wasn't much conflict between him and Orakha, since the latter didn't know where he lived and operated. Moreover, after a few months had spanned past, Wittral began to grow hair on his head, a neatly trimmed beard, and a decently curvy moustache.

Basically, that was a show of them curing themselves of the poison they had been afflicted with while fleeing from the Rumtara Kingdom. Moreover, it was also a sign that Wittral had adapted to life at the Brimgan Empire, beginning to accept its beauty standard after mingling with similar-minded people for so long.

However, the largest influence on his change was none other than Amita who claimed moustaches to be cool. That ended up sealing the deal.

Once he began to grow hair, he revealed himself out in the open more and more. It was then did Orakha met him, failing to recognise him. After all, Wittral's bald form was famous in Sumatra Chronicles. And no Cooter Clansman liked to have hair on their body.

Hence, he would have never expected the hairy man before him to be the Empyrean Snapper, despite knowing that they both shared the same name. It was because, in his mind, Wittral would never live as a Free Human amongst Free Humans, for he was too prideful as an Empyrean Snapper to do so.

That pride was why he fought Resha in Sumatra Chronicles after a couple of words of dialogue. So, never in a million years did he ever consider the possibility that the Wittral in the Misty Flake Tea House was the infamous Wittral from Sumatra Chronicles, one that fought Resha to a draw.

Through the underground network, the Empyrean Zingers were able to gather resources for Gannala. And through her biomes, she kept them well-fed. But as the days spanned past, the Empyrean Zingers began to get cranky as the influence from their Internal Inertial Gravity continued to increase and dominate their body, mind, and soul.

They were barely kept in check by Inala who cranked up the influence of his male form's Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System on their beings, using it to dominate the influence of their Internal Inertial Gravity.

Of course, when even the Empyrean Zingers were getting messed up due to a single foreign Nature, it needn't be said about Inala who had to endure two genders, five natures, two equally powerful Mystic Grade cultivation techniques, and finally, two opposing Clansman characteristics.

As the days spanned past, things became messed up for Inala as he found it harder and harder to maintain his sanity, having episodes of insanity where he was unable to recognise who he was, what he was doing, and where he was supposed to be.

If not for Wittral keeping him in check, he would have rushed to the streets, made a mess of people and property, and gotten destroyed by the Brimgan Empire's forces.

During the second year of the Misty Flake Tea House's operation, Farloon Brimgan ended up adopting Amita as his daughter, allowing her to wear the name of Amita Brimgan officially.

Inala was then granted access to Arlfarah Mansion, with one of his primary tasks being to help teach Farloon Brimgan's children a variety of subjects and also get acquainted with the process of existing in the Brimgan Empire as a Royal.

Things progressed in such a fashion as soon, Gannala became ten years old. And now, things had heated up in the Brimgan Empire.



Chapter 412 Double Agent

"A good friend of mine has successfully obtained Citizenship here." On the morning of a busy day, Wittral spoke to Hayaya, "You were looking for a trusted employee, right?"

"Is he…a man?" Hayaya asked, expressing hesitation, "You know about my bitter experiences, right? This is why even after my business expanded, I'm managing it alone."

"Yes, but you can trust me on this." Wittral said in guarantee, "He's someone you can count on. I wouldn't recommend him otherwise."

"I'll take your word for it." Hayaya seemed to have made up her mind as she nodded at Wittral, "Let's meet him."

"Just remain seated. He should be here soon." Wittral said and peered out the balcony of his house, noticing a certain individual walking the street, "Oh, there he is!"

"Ah, Hayaya. You're here early today." Walking out of the nearby bedroom while yawning was Amita, saying upon seeing Hayaya in the living room.

"How are you feeling today?" Hayaya stared at Amita and asked in concern, "Your mental state wasn't good a month ago."

"I'm good. Actually," Amita twirled around once, "I'm feeling great."

"Thank goodness." Hayaya clapped happily. "I was worried about you a lot."

As Amita and Hayaya continued to converse, Wittral walked to the ground floor and waved his hand at the man, "How did it go?"

"I'm tired," The man complained, "I have been working nonstop for the past month at the Labour Association. Though, it went as you said. I managed to get my Citizen ID in a month."

"I told you!" Wittral laughed as he patted the man on the back and brought him to the fifth floor, introducing him to Hayaya once they entered the living room, "Hayaya, this is my friend, Dhakha."

"Oh, so it's him." Hayaya got up and cupped her fists, "Wittral told a lot about you."

"Ah, I'm embarrassed." Dhakha smiled wryly, "Hope he didn't say anything embarrassing about me. There's a lot in that field."

"My, you're funny." Hayaya laughed and talked a bit before saying, "You can work at my shop, Dhakha. It's a pleasure to work with you."

"The pleasure's all mine." Dhakha shook hands with Hayaya happily, "I was worried about making a living here. So this works in my favour."

"You still need to prove yourself at work. Otherwise, I'll fire you." Hayaya said with a hint of seriousness.

"Of course, of course." Dhakha nodded obediently and patted himself, "I'm an exceptional worker."

"I'll see it for myself," Hayaya said.

"I'll get freshened up a bit." Saying so, Dhakha excused himself and entered one of the guest rooms to take a bath and change into a new set of clothes.

"He's a good-looking man." Hayaya commented once he had left, nudging Wittral, "But I'm concerned about his skill. Handsome men are crap at work."

"Aren't I handsome while being a spectacular worker?" Wittral retorted.

"You're an exception. That doesn't mean everyone else can be the same." Hayaya rolled her eyes and then stared at Amita, "She lucked out in that regard."

"Indeed," Wittral nodded as if it was the most obvious thing.

Once Dhakha returned, Hayaya accompanied him and left the tea house, heading to her textile shop to begin work for the day.

Once they left, Amita smiled at Wittral, "Who lucked out did you say?"

"Definitely me," Wittral changed the script instantly, "I lucked out to have you."

"As long as you know." Snorting in response, Amita got up and approached the kitchen, habitually curling up before blinking in surprise a few seconds later, "I…didn't go insane?"

"It has been a month since you stopped doing that." Wittral approached Amita and hugged her, "So, you needn't be afraid anymore."

"Is that…so?" Amita muttered in surprise, "How was I cured again? I can't remember it for some reason."

"Forget it," Wittral smiled and helped Amita get up, "What you need to know is that you'll never go insane from here on. So, let's have some fun, shall we?"

"Sure," Amita smiled happily and resumed tasks for the day.

Seeing her figure cooking up breakfast in the kitchen, Wittral sighed, recalling the conversation from a month ago.

…

"Aargh!" Inala screamed as he thrashed about, switching between his male and female forms every three seconds, unleashing a flurry of attacks on his surroundings.

In habit, Wittral enveloped the entire room in the range of his Subtle Terrain Dominance, using his superior strength to ensure the sounds of Inala's screams didn't echo outside and also suppressed Inala's thrashing.

Three hours later, a panting Inala took on his male form and asked, "How…how long was I out this time?"

"Three hours," Wittral commented with a sigh, "It's growing worse. I'm not sure if you'll be able to endure another decade of this."

"I have reached the peak of the Body Stage now." Inala inhaled and exhaled a bit to calm down and began speaking, "I'm now ready to condense a second body."

"I'll be activating a Prime Skill that I devised for this." Inala said, "I'll be dumping all my male influences in that new body. And using the Skill of Easing Influence, I'll suppress my male side's Royalty in this body and the female side's Royalty in the other body."

"We'll also have our memories split accordingly. So, I want you to make the necessary arrangements." He concluded.

"Will your male body know who you are?" Wittral asked with worry, "Won't you be able to sense each other if you're in a range of 180 metres from each other."

"Yes, the Skill gets undone once we're within range. So, I want you to ensure we remain far away." Inala said, "Only in that way can this clash be avoided. And when that Major Treasure reveals itself, only then will you bring us together."

"When that happens, all the void in our memories will be filled as both bodies will understand everything that had happened." He then asked, "Do you have any plans for my male body?"

"Well, Hayaya has been asking for an assistant for her shop all along." Wittral said, "She's the only one I can trust enough. So, I'll make arrangements to have your male body stay with her."

"Hayaya…" Inala muttered and nodded, "Alright, she will do. Once the split happens, I'm not sure how each body will act due to the gap in memories, but I'll leave it to you to handle everything."

"Alright." Wittral nodded. The next day, he and Inala left the Brimgan Empire and arrived at a secluded spot in the wilds where Inala reached the 2-Life Stage and performed the split.

Immediately in response, all the memories associated with his male form converged into his male figure while the memories of the female form converged into the female figure. Once the ability took effect, Wittral brought Amita with him and returned to the Brimgan Empire.

The male form peeled his face and wore a new layer of skin to change his appearance. Following that, he assumed the identity of Dhakha and entered the Brimgan Empire as a refugee from the Rumtara Kingdom, got a Refugee ID, and made his way to the Labour Association in an effort to integrate himself into the Brimgan Empire's society.

A month of hard work later, after receiving assistance from Wittral, Dhakha became a Citizen, which led to the current sequence of events where Dhakha was employed by Hayaya to work at her textile shop.

Now, the female form will live as Amita Brimgan and focus on completing the Sumatra Gold skeleton and making preparations to summon a Bolt of Transcendence. Everything else would be left to the male form.

And when the Major Treasure of Attribute reveals itself, both the bodies will naturally walk in range of each other and become aware of everything. Only through this split can Inala avoid becoming completely insane.

The life of a double agent hence begins.



Chapter 413 Transcendent Eater’s Partial Transformations

Inala—Dhakha—and Asaeya—Hayaya—walked along the side of the street, acting nonchalant to each other's presence. They casually conversed with each other and spent the day working.

When night approached, they closed the shop and entered their home when Asaeya pounced on Inala, "You can't stop me anymore."

"I don't mean to," Inala smirked a little, making merry throughout the night. When he lived in his female form for too long, his male form was pent up. And now, he could be free as a man, embarking upon his wants and needs without any issues.

At the same time, in the dead of the night, a Bludder arrived at a location forty kilometres from the Brimgan Empire's entrance. Once it arrived at a halt, an orb fell out of its body. Immediately in response, a moustache grew out of the orb and strangled the Bludder, knocking it unconscious.

The orb enlarged to become the figure of Virala who performed a short dance before the unconscious Bludder, keeping up the task for close to an hour before the Bludder's body shrivelled up to become a Nature Weapon.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Eddy!

Upon seeing the practicality of the Bludder's Primary Nature, Virala took a path of diversion and farmed them. As a result, he had been delayed at the Guna Caves for so long. Otherwise, as long as he camped in the Nature of a mobile Silver Grade Pranic Beast, he would have arrived at the Brimgan Empire long ago.

He didn't just target the Bludders but farmed the Shifting Ants and Ewworms too.

Mystic Nature Weapon—Tunnel!

Gold Nature Weapon—Worm!

The Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel allowed him to create an underground maze of drifting gravitational fields, perfect to escape with in case the situation turned dire. Recently, the Boar King had been chasing after him.

Hence, Virala focused on upgrading the Nature of a Shifting Ant to Mystic Grade. Only then did he have the confidence to survive in case he ends up running into the Boar King.

Mystic Nature Weapon of Refiner, Mystic Nature Weapon of Eddy, Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel, Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk, Gold Nature Weapon of Artillery, Gold Nature Weapon of Leech, and finally, Gold Nature Weapon of Worm. That was his current accumulation.

It gave Virala the confidence to destroy Inala in the race towards the Major Treasure of Attribute, 'Once I get the Attribute, I'll be able to assimilate myself into the Nature slots of others better, steal their Natures with greater efficiency, and many more.'

'I can wholeheartedly focus on making Astral Chart mine.' That was Virala's end goal. As long as he manages to obtain Astral Chart, he'll be invincible.

Through his Weaponisation, he could equip Astral Chart with a bunch of Iron Grade Natures. Even if they get destroyed, he wouldn't have to worry, since he can stockpile tens of thousands of Nature Weapons in his biome.

It meant that he would never run out of abilities to put in Astral Chart, no matter how much he used. Moreover, by taking advantage of Astral Chart, he could use his Nature Weapon of Refiner to quickly build Nature Weapons to the Mystic Grade.

If that happens, he would end up becoming stronger than the Boar King. As long as he takes advantage of his child who ends up inheriting his Mystic Path and makes a Nature Weapon out of it, he could use that on himself and figure out a way to become a Mystic Grade Empyrean Tusk.

No one would be his opponent after that. 'Heh, and once I seize Blola's Transcendent Eater's Nature, I'll become unstoppable.'

Virala approached a clearing farther away from the Brimgan Empire and focused on a spot with as few Pranic Beasts as possible. He then assumed his Empyrean Tusk form and spat out Blola. Following that, he instantly reverted to his human form, sighing at the Prana expenditure, 'It costs a lot to transform even for a couple of seconds.'

Around a hundred Prana was consumed every second through Internal Inertial Gravity just to maintain such a massive body. Thankfully, Virala had enough biomes in him to sustain the expenditure.

But it was still a lot, as in his human form, he had excess Prana circulating through him. But that instantly became deficient once he took on his Empyrean Tusk form. 'I still need to accumulate a lot of resources in my biomes and develop them further.'

Biomes could only be maintained in his body while equipped with the Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk. Hence, he needed a lot of care and prior preparations to use it.

"Hah! I finally feel free." Blola stretched himself as he inhaled fresh air, "It was suffocating inside."

"My biome is no different from an Empyrean Tusk's, you know?" Virala commented from the side.

"Nah, it's a notch inferior." Blola retorted, "You created your biome in a hurry. It's just a disorderly mess of resources inside. An Empyrean Tusk's biome is a self-sufficient world that's delicately organised to maintain utmost balance."

"Fine, I get it." Virala shrugged, "Anyway, you said you can figure out the entry zones of Attribute's influenced region. Can you do it now?"

"Not so fast." Blola shook his head, "I need to root myself first. And then, I'll have to manually detect the affected locations and then derive the influence clusters in the land…"

"Don't explain it to me. I don't understand your Parute Tree shit." Virala waved his hand, "Just tell me where I need to bring you."

"Follow me." Saying so, Blola began to sprint through the wild. Along the way, a Pranic Beast leaped at him. In response, his arm shot forward, transformed into a carnivorous plant with an open mouth, and clamped upon the target.

With a clench, it crushed the Pranic Beast into a pulp as Blola casually threw it aside and reverted his hand to regular form.

Running behind him, Virala observed it in silence, 'So, he has partial transformations too.'

Resha had four partial transformations for his Empyrean Tusk form. Virala had the same four Partial Transformations. Inala had three partial transforms for his Empyrean Zinger form. Grehha had three partial transformations for his Empyrean Viper form.

It seemed that when the Transcendent Eater devoured Blola's Empyrean Tusk form, it also assimilated itself with his four partial transformations for an Empyrean Tusk. 'He probably has four partial transformations for a Transcendent Eater. The question is, which level of transformation is this where his hand can transform into a Transcendent Eater?'

Though they had allied, they hadn't revealed the entirety of their abilities to each other. As they continued to run through the wilds, Virala observed Blola, 'Once I get the Attribute, I'll have enough foundation to handle the Transcendent Eater's power.'

"I'll remain here," Blola said upon arriving at a spot twenty kilometres from the Brimgan Empire's entrance. "Visit me once a year at the same time. It will take me a few years to deduce the entrance, but we still have a decade before Attribute reveals itself. That's more than enough time."

"Alright, work hard." Saying so, Virala walked away, planning to head to the Brimgan Empire. However, he didn't leave yet, slow in his walk, intending to see how Blola hides himself.

Blola didn't say anything and took root, assuming his Transcendent Eater form. Suddenly, all carnivorous mouths budded and retreated into the branches, following which the branches joined into a stem and shrivelled up.

A few seconds later, the Transcendent Eater now resembled a Parute Tree. This was the strongest method Blola had to make himself scarce, which was to become a Parute Tree. A couple of minutes later, Parute Fruits began to form on it, releasing a faint scent that naturally drew in Pranic Beasts from the surroundings.

Upon seeing the appearance of a new Parute Tree, they gathered towards it in a hurry and began to form defensive arrangements, intending to protect it. After all, every Parute Tree laid a stronger foundation for their race.

'Troublesome bastard.' Virala observed from afar as he leaped further back, avoiding the Pranic Beasts blaring their fangs at him. Once he made note of the location, Virala made his way to the Brimgan Empire, casually occupying the Nature slot of a refugee to make his entry.



Chapter 414 Blola’s Draws Attention

As a group of Pranic Beasts surrounded the Parute Tree, a carnivorous mouth jutted out of it suddenly and gobbled one of them. Startled, the Pranic Beasts intended to flee when multiple carnivorous mouths appeared and devoured them all.

Not a single Pranic Beast among the group survived. As he returned to his human form, Blola continued to scout the place to ensure he killed all Pranic Beasts that had converged upon his Parute Tree form.

His body was covered by blood, but he didn't care about that for the time being. Instead, he transformed his leg into a root and made it coil on the ground. Following that, by elongating the root, he hovered high in the air, like a king cobra, and peered afar, noticing a faint dot moving rapidly towards the Brimgan Empire's entrance.

It was a Free Human refuge in the Nature slot of who hid Virala. Blola kept watch over the Free Human until he managed to enter the Brimgan Empire, "Fucking bastard."

His root reverted into his leg as Blola landed on the ground and cursed, "It's a mess trying to collaborate with this guy."

Blola wanted the Major Treasure of Pet and hence collaborated with Virala. But the problem with this collab was the fact that the Major Treasure of Attribute appeared. And once Virala obtains it, he has no incentive to help Blola anymore.

As he wasn't that great with schemes, Blola thought that maybe he could get Virala to help him through a cooperation of mutual benefit. But the moment they started to cooperate, Virala did nothing but take advantage of him.

While he was stuck in Virala's stomach biome, a large volume of soil continued to pile into the stomach biome, meant to feed enough nutrients for Blola to create Parute Fruits. When borne, the Parute Fruits were poured into the stomach biome, from where Virala absorbed it to further his development.

Using the Boar King as an excuse, Virala made full use of Blola's abilities, all while keeping the latter in the dark. Stuck in the stomach biome, Blola was unable to know what was happening outside. He didn't even have the means to communicate with Virala.

Unfortunately for him, no matter how stressed he was in such an environment, he couldn't break free. After all, he was within the stomach biome, where the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity were maximum. As long as Virala destroys the space, he could use the rupture to shrink Blola into a grain.

He had that advantage on his side, which was why Blola was unable to resist. Only after getting placed in the stomach biome did Blola understand that he had fallen for a trap. Whether or not the Boar King truly was on their tail was not verified.

Virala casually spent time at the Guna Caves farming for Bludders, Ewworms, and Shifting Ants. He should have taken priority to arrive at the Brimgan Empire. After all, Blola was unable to develop while stuck in his stomach biome.

But now that he thought about it, that was on purpose. Due to Virala's actions, Blola was unable to develop for three years, stuck creating Parute Fruits like a regular Parute Tree. He couldn't experience different situations and grow through battles, think of anything new, and worst of all, learn any information.

His development was halted for three years, only to make him weak enough for Virala to harvest the power of after obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Blola cursed himself upon realising the truth, "Virala is not something that could be allied with."

"What did I expect?" He sighed, understanding that he was a greater idiot than he had realised. "If given the choice, Virala will consume all Major Treasures."

"But gaining Attribute, his advantage would only grow to gather the remaining Major Treasures with greater ease. That's his true intention." Now that he had a complete understanding of the situation, Blola could no longer sit still.

'I'll simply act like I haven't figured out anything and meet with Virala once a year. In the meantime,' His figure bolted through the wilds, intending to train himself by facing the Pranic Beasts there. only by risking himself would he be able to bridge the gap, 'The current Virala is too powerful.'

"But worst of all is Inala," He felt a chill upon thinking of the latter, "Five Natures? How the fuck is that possible? He's no longer bound by common sense."

Unfortunately for him, the only piece of information he got regarding Inala was the fact that the latter had five Natures. As to what they were, their names, how he got them, nothing was available to Blola.

"If only I gained complete control of this power." He cursed his helplessness. As long as he manages to completely dominate the power of the Transcendent Eater, not only will he reach the 10-Life Stage, but he'll also have complete access to the data of all Mystic Path holders.

From Resha to Viral, the details of all would be available at his fingertips. It would make him the strongest. After all, he was able to control them.

Currently, Orakha and Yennda were under his control. Of course, he wasn't capable enough to exercise control over them due to his lacking strength, but they were still under his control.

And once he fully gains dominance over his power, he'll be able to fully control the two Mystic Path holders that he had revived. 'Either Resha and Virala will be the best or I could have Virala and Inala. That too is a powerful combo.'

By controlling two absurd characters and having them at his disposal, Blola would be unkillable. The Boar King? Sure, send Resha to fight him. Resha died? No worries. Revive him and send him to fight the Boar King once again.

Blola would take refuge at some godforsaken location and spam as many Reshas as necessary until the Boar King was dead. Considering his current strength, at the endgame, Resha would be a walking terror.

Thereby, to face such a Resha, the Boar King would have no other choice but to use Internal Inertial Gravity. Spam enough Reshas on the Boar King and it was just a matter of time before the Boar King ended up using all his stored Internal Inertial Gravity and other Gold Grade Natures.

He'll be an easier opponent following that. And then, it was just a matter of wearing him out. As long as Blola filled his second revival slot with either Virala or Inala for strategic purposes, then killing the Boar King wasn't unrealistic.

'To do that, I need to be bolder.' Blola hardened himself, 'I already killed Resha's parents. Why am I hesitating further? I should just use everything at my disposal to grow stronger.'

He came to a halt and stared in the direction of the Brimgan Empire, grinning, "Say, aren't they a major Free Human civilisation that has existed longer than the Mammoth Clan? Then,"

He grinned, "Won't they have a bunch of Minor Treasures?"

"That too is a way to grow stronger." Laughing in response, Blola began to make preparations, "The Royal Family wouldn't be able to hold back if they notice the presence of a Parute King Tree, right?"

"Especially one that can be transplanted." Thinking as such, he observed a large boulder that spanned a size of forty metres, "This is perfect."

Immediately in response, he landed on it and took root, taking form as a Parute King Tree. A few seconds later, Parute King Fruits began to form on its branches, gaining the attention of powerful Pranic Beasts in the region.

Even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts began to make a move, "Now, come! Fight for me!"



Chapter 415 Sit At Home and Have Fun

Morning, the next day, Inala accompanied Asaeya and Gannala as they rode a carriage to Karuta Hill. Their goal was the Mammoth Ancestor's tusk that was placed in the valley adjacent to Karuta Hill as a scenic attraction.

"Hehe!" Asaeya's face beamed in smiles as she coiled herself around Inala's left arm, snuggling up to him, "Things are fun."

"Ha…haha," Inala smiled awkwardly in exhaustion. His eyes sported dark circles, for he hadn't had a wink of sleep during the entire night. Honestly, his legs felt weak, trembling faintly all along. He stared at Asaeya and felt intimidated, 'Monster!'

Asaeya had been gunning for it for eleven years after all. And hence, she was unstoppable once they copulated, wringing him dry until he was exhausted of all Prana. Only then did she stop, unwillingly.

"Hehe," She chuckled and increased the strength in her hold over him, staring at Inala to whisper as her eyes darted to the side, "Why don't we…stop here for a while."

"Not now, we have work to do," Inala said in a hurry.

"We won't lose anything by delaying for a few hours." Asaeya nudged up to him, gently rubbing shoulders, "Say…won't you? Come on…just a little."

"Urgh, why am I even here?" Gannala grumbled while seated opposite the two in the carriage. She hadn't touched Inala, unwilling to read the memories of the night before.

Honestly, mating wasn't even a concept that flustered her. An Empyrean Tusk could treat all its Mammoth Clansmen as Bone Slips. Meaning, it knew everything that was happening, from the Mammoth Clansmen mating to even taking a crap.

And as the Supreme Tusk's successor, the amount of data she had regarding just that was…monumental. But despite that, she held herself back and didn't access Inala's latest memories to avoid observing what her father did with Asaeya.

It wasn't as if she had to maintain her innocence. No, as an Empyrean Tusk, Gannala knew everything. But, she didn't read Inala's memories out of fear.

What if she accessed his memories and instead of feeling embarrassed, treated it as nothing more than a mating session between two of her Mammoth Clansmen? That was what she was afraid of the most.

All Empyrean Tusks were born as Mammoth Clansmen. As they grow older, their perception of the world shifts from a personal point of view to an omniscient point of view. They generally would begin to experience this once they take on their Empyrean Tusk form.

It was because they viewed the world from such an omniscient perspective that they were worshipped as Deities not only by Mammoth Clansmen but by many other races too. The only ones capable of this other than Empyrean Tusks were the Empyrean Snappers, the Boar King, and the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles.

As a result, Gannala was afraid. As her strength continued to increase, the omniscient perspective was becoming part of her even while she was in her human form. After all, she had already transformed into an Empyrean Tusk a few times after getting the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

As her Empyrean Tusk form was still tiny enough, she wasn't worried about others detecting her. Moreover, she only did it at the bottom of the Northern Lakes far away from any signs of civilisation, using the porous walls covering the lakes to block her appearance from detection.



But after her first transformation into an Empyrean Tusk, the omniscient perspective began to invade her being. If she, after looking through Inala's mating scene, was calm instead of being flustered like a girl at her mental age, it meant that her mental development had progressed tremendously.

She had already begun to look at Inala as a Mammoth Clansman part of her settlement instead of her beloved father. She could still have her bias towards him, but not unlike now where she could even kill other Mammoth Clansmen on his behalf.

Once the omniscient perspective fully kicks in, she'll consider all Mammoth Clansmen as part of her. She won't be able to favour Inala while harming others. Moreover, when Clansmen with the Fragment Disease start to appear in her Settlement, she'd instinctively value them more than Inala.

Gannala didn't want to become like that so soon, which was why she was afraid.

Staring at her, Inala could guess her worries, since Gannala's progression as a Deity was steadily increasing, "Are you afraid?"

"Yes," Gannala nodded, "I am very much afraid, afraid that you'll stop meaning as much to me as you do now."

"That's nature," Inala said, "Children eventually grow out of the protective shell created by their parents and face the world on their own."

"But I don't like it!" Gannala screamed shrilly, "Can't I just be like this?"

"If you want that, you can." Inala said, "And I'll help you with everything at my disposal."

He extended his index finger and pointed at her forehead, "Keep the Inhibition Needle safe. Once I get the Major Treasure of Attribute, I'll be able to develop it into a Minor Treasure. With that, you can remain a Free Human."

"It's only possible for a single body, but…" Inala patted her head as Gannala jumped into his embrace and began to cry, "Alright, alright, don't feel sad. Just tell me what you want without worrying, alright?"

"I'm a capable dad."

"Mmhm," Gannala nodded, "I'll consume a bunch of Influence Easing Elixirs to suppress my instincts. I won't become a Deity for another decade."

"That's the spirit," Inala said and activated his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill to better understand her worries by accessing her mind. But suddenly, he stopped and shot a glare at Asaeya, "What the fuck is that?"

"What?" Asaeya looked around in confusion, unable to understand what he was talking about.

Grabbing her wrist in anger, Inala growled, "Akashic Rupture? That's your Tertiary Nature? Didn't we discuss and plan for another Tertiary Nature before? Sacrificing yourself to inflict pain on the Boar King! Are you mad?"

"I'm not going to use it unless necessary…" Asaeya stopped talking, unable to speak anymore, feeling an absolute chill as a voracious presence exploded out of Inala. Even Gannala was unable to move, feeling as if her mind had frozen in fear.

Subjected to a presence that was akin to a sea of bugs scuttling about, capable of devouring everything they come in contact with in an instant, a primal sense of fear budded in her being, preventing her from even making a response.

It was only for an instant, but felt like an eternity for the two. Having only unleashed it to the confines of the carriage, Inala retracted it and glared at Asaeya, "Never! I mean, never use that shit! Okay?"

"Y-Yes," Asaeya nodded meekly.

"Your only task is to sit at home and have fun, alright?" Inala glared at her and patted her head, "Don't worry about things like facing the Boar King."

"You too," Inala stared at Gannala, "Don't put your life at risk, no matter the situation."

"But, what if your life's at risk?" Gannala argued, "Do you mean to tell me to sit back and watch?"

"Yes," Inala said coldly, "If I die, Blola will revive me. It's as simple as it gets. If I fail, I'll start from scratch."

"But you two only have one life. So, it's more precious." Inala said and clapped his hands, masking his anger as he laughed cheerfully, "Your safety is my priority, alright?"

"Don't worry about others or anything else and just have fun cultivating." He chuckled, "We'll go visit scenic locations to sightsee."



Chapter 416 Touching the Mammoth Ancestor’s Severed Tusk

'This is frustrating.' Inala thought, trying his best to calm down, absolutely pissed at the fact that Asaeya chose a self-sacrificing Tertiary Nature.

After he completes his evolution, Inala would have the capability to upgrade the Inhibition Needles into a Minor Treasure. He would have to use dozens of Millingers in response, but it was doable.

Once the Inhibition Needle reaches the level of a Minor Treasure, Asaeya and Gannala will be safe even when the Boar King reaches the 5-Life Stage. They could continue remaining in the safety of the Brimgan Empire.

Thereby, even if Inala fails to kill the Boar King, they'll remain safe, their fates disconnected from the Mammoth Clan. Anyway, once he evolves, he wouldn't even be a Mammoth Clansman. So, he wouldn't be concerned about their life and death.

The only two people he cared about were in the carriage beside him. Here he was, planning his absolute best to ease their lives when in contrast, Asaeya conceptualised a Nature that would cause her to lose her life just to inflict a mortal wound on the Boar King. He fucking hated it.

He wasn't satisfied with Asaeya's promise to not use it. After all, he was aware of the fact that if his life was at risk, she would sacrifice herself on his behalf, even when armed with the knowledge that he could be revived through Blola.

'As long as she has it, she'd end up using it at some point in time.' By accessing the countless arguments between Asaeya and Gannala regarding the topic, he understood Asaeya's mindset. As long as she spends a few years with him happily, she wouldn't regret killing herself as long as it granted him the slightest benefit.

"Gannala, comprehend more of your inheritance." Inala said, "Let's see if there's anything in it that allows us to erase an existing Nature."

"I promised you that I won't use it." Asaeya argued, "Why do you have to do this?"

"I know you well." Inala stared at her, "So, I won't feel satisfied until there are no dangers to your life."

The trio rode the carriage in silence until it reached the peal of Karuta Hill. The driver alighted at the destination and opened the door, "We have arrived."

"Thank you," Inala said and paid the driver, accompanying Gannala and Asaeya to one of the most famous restaurants there, one from which they could peer into the valley.

"It looks spectacular," Inala commented as he breathed in the chill mist and exhaled softly. Upon seeing that Asaeya's mood was still sour, he patted her and rubbed her back, "Alright, forget everything I said. Don't miss out on the scenery."

"…Okay," Asaeya nodded as she stared from the railing and observed the valley covered by mist, "I can't see anything."

"The scenic item is only visible at certain times during the day." A waiter joined their conversation and pointed them to the nearby table that was free, "Please enjoy our treats while you wait for the mist to clear up a bit."

"With pleasure." Inala flashed a courteous smile as he took a seat with the duo. He then stealthily took out a Prana Bomb from his bag and moved it through psychokinesis, sticking it to the cliff beyond.

The Prana Bomb cracked as the Empyrean Zinger—in miniature form—hiding within it crawled out and leaped. It unfurled its wings and glided into the mist, soon coming across a gigantic tusk that was hoisted atop a platform, with its tip reaching halfway up the hill.

As it neared the tusk, the Empyrean Zinger noticed that large segments of it were covered by grey sand that for some reason remained inactive. Potholes covered the surface while cracks were strewn across like a cobweb.

The tusk hadn't been damaged due to weathering as the place's environment was strictly maintained to keep it undamaged. But the signs of damage on it were there from the beginning, carved from an era where the Mammoth Ancestor had her final battle against the Mudropper army.

It was then that they severed one of her tusks that lay at the location to date.

The Empyrean Zinger landed on the tusk and activated Mystic Bone Art, noticing a stream of information gush into it with enough force that its head exploded, "Kiek!"

Before its death, the Empyrean Zinger unleashed a cry in a frequency audible only to Zingers. Seated at the restaurant at the peak of the adjacent hill, Inala frowned, 'As I expected, there's information left in it by the Mammoth Ancestor. But the volume of information is too vast for the Empyrean Zinger to endure.'

'Then, I should be careful and use the Mind Slip Prime Skill instead of the Bone Slip Skill.' If he were to use the Bone Slip Skill, all the information present in the tusk would flow into him in an instant and cause his head to explode too.

Only with the Mind Slip Prime Skill could he take his time and surf through the information at a pace bearable to him.

The trio spent a couple of hours at the restaurant, eating casually while discussing in a merry. Using the opportunity, they conceptualised a plan to break in. Inala retracted the Prana Bomb and secured it in his bag. Slinging it on his back, he accompanied Asaeya and Gannala to casually leave the restaurant.

The trio walked along the streets at the peak of Karuta Hill as casually as possible. Soon, they made their way towards the edges. There was a wall separating them from the cliff for safety reasons, as the mist would waft in from time to time, making it easy for someone to slip to their deaths.

The trio stood at a comfortable spot close to the wall and seemed like casual tourists, not attracting any attention. Soon, the mist began to spill out of the valley and into the hill. The locals promptly requested all tourists to enter nearby establishments and stay there for the time being, as the mist usually recedes in a couple of minutes.

Inala kept his attention on his surroundings. Once he was unable to feel any prying eyes on him, he grabbed Gannala and Asaeya to jump over the wall, taking advantage of the mist to mask his entry.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Claw!

His feet became covered by a layer of Prana Bomb and used its adhesive property to latch onto the cliff wall. By activating Internal Inertial Gravity, he maintained balance. He ran down the cliff wall, treating it as flat terrain, making casual leaps as and when necessary.

He had already practiced the craft back at the Sanrey Plains. And after so long, especially after his training at the Dralh Sea, he had pretty much mastered it. Without any issues, Inala arrived at the bottom of the valley, stopping before the Mammoth Ancestor's tusk as he muttered with a solemn tone, "The Tusk of the first Empyrean Tusk in history. Contained in it are boundless secrets…"

"Technically, she was a Mammoth Clansman with the power to transform into an Empyrean Tusk, similar to Resha." Gannala retorted, "Only her great-grandchildren became Empyrean Tusks. She created the Mammoth Clan through a process similar to my predecessor."

"I know, brat." Inala grumbled, "I was just trying to be cool."

"Of course, I knew that." Gannala grinned as she pointed at his hip which she was touching with her index finger. So, she had read his mind and retorted on purpose.

"Pfft!" Asaeya burst into laughter upon seeing Inala's eye twitch at Gannala's actions, "Hahaha! You got him good, Gannala."

"Serves him right for scolding us."

"Fine, fine, you guys win." Inala let out a chuckle in defeat as he touched the Mammoth Ancestor's severed tusk.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!



Chapter 417 Assassinate Blola

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

There was a sea of information bubbling forth before him, seemingly sentient, surprising him, 'Even information could become a living being?'

The information cluster had taken a form similar to an Empyrean Tusk, roaming about in the space it dwelled. Inala appeared before it and touched it, noticing it resisted in response. "Don't bother!"

He grunted and absorbed a portion of its information, taking a breather before absorbing another portion. The information cluster tried to enter his mind in an instant and destroy him, the same as it did to the Empyrean Zinger.

But the Mind Slip Prime Skill was like a powerful filter that blocked it, only allowing portions of its body to seep through as Inala intended. Half a day later, he finished absorbing its entirety, muttering after comprehending it a bit, "Dance of Annihilation?"

"A dance?" He frowned, "That's the Mammoth Ancestor's legacy?"

However, upon observing that this information cluster gathered in his mind into one and took on the form of the Empyrean Tusk once again, Inala noticed some familiarity, 'It's similar in essence to the Mystic Path.'

Even though it wasn't on the level of the Mystic Path, it was still in the same vein. Meaning, by charging it up with whatever is necessary, Inala would be able to unleash the Dance of Annihilation.

But as he comprehended it a bit further, he clicked his tongue in annoyance, "This is useless."

He observed that to unleash the Dance of Annihilation, he needed a certain catalyst. And as to what that catalyst was, he didn't know, only having an inkling that it was the Mammoth Ancestor's Primary Nature. As a result, it was useless. Inala intended to simply take advantage of the essence of this information cluster to hasten the construction of his own Mystic Path.

"It can generate it again?" He was surprised to see another Empyrean Tusk information cluster form in the severed tusk, soon condensing on the same level as the one he had absorbed. Upon seeing it, he stared at Gannala, "You can absorb it too. I'm not sure where it would benefit you, but its structural makeup is similar to the Mystic Path. So, it might be useful later."

"Alright," Nodding as such, Gannala too activated the Prime Skill of Mind Slip and absorbed the Empyrean Tusk information cluster. "Dad, another one is forming in it."

"Your turn, Asaeya." Inala stared at her and pointed at the broken tusk.

"If it has no use, I don't need it." Asaeya shook her head, only to see Inala place her hand on the broken tusk.

"Just absorb it. I'll figure out a way to make it useful." Inala said and urged her, smiling as she activated the Mind Slip Prime Skill and absorbed the same.

Asaeya then observed for a while and commented, "It's forming once again, but it's a lot slower this time."

"Hmm…" Inala observed the broken tusk, noticing that it suddenly sported a few more cracks and signs of damage, muttering after some observation, "I think it can generate it two or three more times before the tusk shatters."

"Let's leave it as is then."

Inala grabbed the duo and slowly climbed up the cliff, waiting patiently to slip into the peak when the mist washed into the region. But as they made their way deeper into the city on the peak of Karuta Hill, they noticed a large commotion.

People were buying up Spirit Weapons in large numbers from all available shops, stockpiled food, water, and medicines. The affluent people even purchased Elixirs. The level of activity displayed enough signs of an upcoming war.

'Wasn't everything fine just yesterday?' Inala approached a passerby and asked, "Sir, what is the reason for this commotion?"

"You don't know?" The man stared at the trio and clicked his tongue, "This is why tourists…oblivious idiots…"

After cursing a bit, the man ran away, confusing Inala who then approached a shopkeeper, "Sir, what's the reason…"

"War, brother." The shopkeeper said in excitement, "A Parute Tree unlike anything has appeared beyond our Empire's borders. Based on the scout report, a single fruit from it can grant us one Prana. Absurd, right?"

"Yes, that's absurd." Inala said as his eyes widened in realisation, understanding who the culprit was, 'So, Blola has arrived.'

"But it's the truth. It has already been verified by a Royal who went to check up on it. But due to the competition, he had to return. He called it the Parute Tree King. As it had taken root on a boulder, we can transport the boulder into the Empire without causing issues to the Parute Tree King." The shopkeeper laughed, "And now, to claim it, our Empire has declared war on the Pranic Beasts that have sought ownership of it."

"Wouldn't only raid teams be sent out, just like usual?" Inala frowned, "But why is everyone preparing for the worst?"

"You have to understand, brother." The shopkeeper explained, "The raid teams will succeed in obtaining the Parute Tree King. The war will start following that as we'll have the strongest horde of Pranic Beasts barging into the Empire to reclaim what was theirs. There's a solid chance our defences will be breached, since they'll be climbing over the Lotus Range too."

"So, everyone's getting ready to fight." He laughed.

"Is it possible to cross the Lotus Range without being destroyed?" Inala asked, feeling the absurdity of the situation. The Lotus Range was a natural barrier. Just positioning an army over its peak and guarding it was simple.

The Pranic Beasts would have to take pains to climb up its steep walls, only to face attacks flying towards their faces. Even a simple rock hurled from the peak would pack enough impact to kill a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

"This is a blessed land." The shopkeeper said as he began refining his Spirit Weapon, "That's not limited to the Brimgan Empire alone but extends to its surroundings too. There are at least four hundred Gold Grade Pranic Beasts recorded to be present in the vicinity. Even more might come upon knowing about the existence of the Parute Tree King."

"The Empire's defences have been breached a few times in its history. Even though we are powerful, our Royals are the only ones capable of facing a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. So, it's for the best to be careful." The shopkeeper then displayed his array of Spirit Weapons, "On that note, do you want to buy some Spirit Weapons?"

"Sorry, I don't need any." Inala shook his head.

"Don't waste my time then," The shopkeeper waved his hand, "Go and prepare to fight. This is a great opportunity to bring out the bloodthirst in you and have some fun in slaughter."

"…Yeah, I'll do that." Inala replied and boarded a carriage to Fentan City, speaking once the carriage started descending Karuta Hill, "It's Blola."

"I thought so." Gannala clicked her tongue, "This chaos can disrupt everything."

'I'm not sure if the entrances to the Attribute will change because of this, but if there's enough damage and bloodshed, the Prana in the blood might seep through the porous land and cause some changes.' Inala thought, 'There's no guarantee of it happening, but the chances aren't zero either. If it happens, getting into Arlfarah Mansion would just be a waste.'

"Upon winning, the Brimgan Royalty will bring the Parute King Tree to the Capital and place it in their treasury." Inala was able to quickly picture Blola's plan, "He'll take advantage of the opportunity to sweep the treasury clean. Any Minor Treasures in their possession would become his for the taking. He's already the strongest among us,"

"If he gets multiple Minor Treasures, he'll be unstoppable. Attribute will become his." His eyes glinted as Inala got up and stared at Gannala, condensing his stomach biome to say, "Transfer me some of your resources."

"I'll head out and assassinate Blola before he messes up my plans."



Chapter 418  Rippling Minor Crises

418  Rippling Minor Crises

Blola was the Transcendent Eater. Not only was he able to revive the Mystic Path holders, but he could also generate Parute King Fruits when necessary, allowing the Mammoth Clan to build up strength faster.

Therefore, for such a strategic asset, Raaha would be keeping watch on him all along.

Based on what Inala obtained from Orakha, he knew that Raaha kept Blola locked up in a house that dangled from the tusk of the 1st Empyrean Tusk. Whatever Blola did was under Raaha's constant watch.

Hence, if Blola managed to arrive at the Brimgan Empire, it could only be possible after he reached the 2-Life Stage. Either his second body legally obtained Raaha's permission to arrive here or through some scheme, he managed to sneak a body away.

Inala felt the latter made more sense. After all, why would Raaha avoid taking advantage of a second Transcendent Eater? With it, the resource of Prana at the disposal of the Mammoth Clan would increase further.

Thereby, even if Inala manages to kill Blola now, it wouldn't result in the latter's actual death. One body of Blola would still be present at the Mammoth Clan, 'So, I won't be risking my revival chances.'

Once the carriage arrived at the foot of Karuta Hill, Inala leaped out and sprinted away in a hurry, speeding along the path.

As his female form was suppressed in his body, he couldn't assume it. Hence, the only abilities at his disposal were Prana Bombs, Internal Inertial Gravity, and Spatial Immune System. Inala planned to complete the job by relying on them alone. It was his original skillset anyway. Stage 1—Jaw!

He sprinted across the surface of the Northern Lake, using the Prana Bomb layer on his feet as a shoe to guard against the changing chemical composition of the Northern Lakes. Thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity, his speed remained unchanged irrespective of the obstacles that came his way.

Perched on his head were four Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms, keeping watch on the four directions respectively. There were four hidden under his clothes on the back, on the chest, on the thigh, and close to the feet.

They were in charge of the defence. Finally, positioned on either wrist was an Empyrean Zinger in miniature form, in charge of scouting. He'll carry their bodies through psychokinesis and make them scout well in advance.

Since he was able to read their memories through the Spirit Weapon connection, it was as if he had extended his senses to a wider range.

Thanks to the resources in the stomach biome, he had a steady stream of Prana fuelling his actions. Over five thousand Empyrean Zingers were lying in wait in his stomach biome, enough to get him to safety through any situation.

Moreover, these Empyrean Zingers weren't the babies that he had used at the Sanrey Plains. They had developed considerably, with each able to unleash the true capabilities of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

Soon, he had arrived at the foot of the Lotus Range, peering towards the peak to observe a guard post at the top. He looked around, noticing it to be the only watchtower in a two-kilometre range. "Alright, take action."

He inhaled a large volume of air into his stomach biome and made preparations as a group of Empyrean Zingers inside enveloped themselves in Prana Bombs, ready to activate Internal Inertial Gravity to bend the space within right as they were about to exit his stomach biome.

Phew!

Inala blew with force and shot a string of tiny Prana Bombs towards the peak, watching them arc towards the target. Upon reaching the peak altitude of their flight path, the Prana Bombs shattered as the Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms—inside—reverted to their actual sizes.

One of them condensed a Prana Bomb and held it tight, twirling its body to generate rotational momentum, following which it hurled the Prana Bomb into the watchtower. Seated within the watchtower were six soldiers at the peak of Body Stage, a strength more than sufficient to thwart any attacks that came their way.

They had to fight at most once or twice a month, the majority of the cases of which could be dealt with by one guard. Leaving six guards was only out of a safety concern, and obviously, since the Brimgan Empire could afford to keep them posted every two kilometres throughout the inexplicably long perimeter of the Lotus Range.

Fuoh! Fuu! Bang!

The guards were caught off-guard as Prana Bombs slammed into their heads, with each weighing close to forty kilograms. In a state of being where they hadn't activated their Human Avatars, they were no different from regular humans.

Their bodies splattered upon impact as the Empyrean Zingers landed within the watchtower. With a twirl of their forms, they destroyed the watchtower. Once they were done destroying the place, Inala climbed up. He then released a bunch of Empyrean Zingers, shooting them into the air in the same method as before, raining them on the adjacent watchtowers.

In a matter of minutes, ten watchtowers were destroyed, creating a gap of twenty kilometres among the Empire's defences. 'This should be enough.'

"I'll make the Pranic Beasts invade in this direction. That will erase all traces of my actions." Muttering as such, Inala collected all Empyrean Zingers and made one of them glide forth. He landed on its back and made a beeline towards the source of commotion.

From this height, he was able to observe where the battle between the Brimgan Empire and the Pranic Beasts was happening, 'There's the raid team.'

Golden chakrams rained down with thunderous might, wielded by a Brimgan Royal each. With a terrifying range, they shredded through a horde of Pranic Beasts. Accompanying each Royal was a large group of soldiers with Silver Grade Human Avatars.

Inala looked to the entrance, watching Free Humans continue to pour out. He was able to feel powerful Prana fluctuations from deeper in the Brimgan Empire that were slowly making their way to the exit. Those presences stood out like a mountain among a group of hills and plains, 'They must be the Princes and Princesses.'

In the Brimgan Empire, a Royal was recognised as a Prince or Princess only when they managed to kill a Gold Grade Pranic Beast on their own. So, each one of them was a terrifying powerhouse similar to Fhoong Brimgan.

When such characters enter the battle, things will be dangerous for Inala, since they'll have an attack range of at least around five to eight kilometres. Fhoong Brimgan had a Spirit Weapon range of eight kilometres at the 6-Life Stage. That aspect was what gave the Brimgan Empire Royalty the infamous saying.

"The moment you see a golden flash in the sky, no matter how far you may be, your head gets severed."

The Empyrean Zinger continued to glide deeper into the wilds as Inala completed his preparations once he zeroed in on Blola's position, seeing the latter perched upon the same boulder within which Inala brought out Asaeya and Gannala from his stomach biome upon arriving at the Brimgan Empire.

"It doesn't matter who participates. They'll be busy saving their lives." He flew further in and stopped at a location sixty kilometres from the Brimgan Empire. He safely tucked all the Empyrean Zingers in his stomach biome and stretched his limbs.

Held in his hand was a special Prana Bomb that he merged onto his being like armour. And once he was ready, he took in a deep breath before unleashing the Boar King's presence in all its glory.

There was absolute silence for an instant. Following that, Pranic Beasts fled away in the opposite direction, heading towards the Brimgan Empire in absolute fear, for in their minds, the absolute predator of Sumatra Continent had made his ravenous intentions known, intending to devour everything.

As they fled opposite to the direction they perceived the Boar King, a domino effect was created, before soon, a Minor Crisis was created. No, Inala wasn't satisfied with that as he ran through the wilds mimicking the Boar King, displacing the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts too. As a result, he created a terrifying phenomenon where a Minor Crisis spread around and rippled to generate new Minor Crises.

Rippling Minor Crises!





Chapter 419  Inala Vs Blola (Part 1)

419  Inala Vs Blola (Part 1)

At least a couple million Pranic Beasts went insane in the vicinity of the Brimgan Empire's entrance, creating absolute chaos.

Upon unleashing enough of the Boar King's presence, Inala expended the last of his stored reserve from the Dralh Sea. His figure flickered through the forest, his footsteps lithe, soundless, barely leaving behind any traces.

He made a beeline towards Blola and stopped a kilometre away. Following that, he spewed out Prana Bombs—containing his Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms—like a gatling gun towards the boulder.

'It was going well until now. Shit! Why did the Boar King have to come?' Blola was flustered as he remained unmoving, perched on his spot atop the boulder. His best way to avoid the Boar King was to remain in his Parute Tree King form. Suddenly reverting into a Parute Tree would be dangerous, as too many Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were in his vicinity and would notice his actions.

'Don't mind me! Don't mind me! Don't mind me!' Blola parroted mentally, hoping the Boar King would avoid him. He wanted to succeed and hence took action boldly. But never in a million years would he have expected something like this to happen. 'Didn't Virala say the Boar King was far away and had probably gone to the Gaja Enclave?'

'Did that fucker lie to trap me?' Without Internal Inertial Gravity, Blola had no way to detect the Boar King's movements. Hence, he was helpless in that regard. The only thing he could do at present was to remain a Parute Tree King and try his best to be perceived as such by even the Boar King.

Boom!

A horde of mindless Pranic Beasts rushed into the encampment of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts surrounding the boulder Blola was upon, stunning him, 'What is with this mindless Pranic Beast horde?'

Unable to endure the Boar King's presence, a large horde of Pranic Beasts fled mindlessly. Unable to think properly anymore, they simply crashed into whatever obstacles came their way, haphazardly using their Primary Natures with no rhyme or reason.

On one side was a horde of mindless Pranic Beasts, ranging from Iron Grade to Beginner and Intermediate Silver Grade. On the other side were the Brimgan Empire's raid teams. Rushing from other locations were powerful races led by Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

And finally, sandwiched in the centre was the race that lay claim to the Parute Tree King. As all sides fought a bloody war, Empyrean Zingers suddenly rained from the sky, gliding down as they unleashed a volley of Prana Bombs everywhere.

Boom! Bang! Kaboom!

Prana Bombs—with each weighing close to forty kilograms—rained down like meteors and devastated the region, causing everyone to run helter-skelter. Taking advantage of the lack of retaliation towards them, the Empyrean Zingers assumed miniature forms and linked each other using psychokinesis, forming a dome-shaped network.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Bomb Dome!

All the Empyrean Zingers condensed a bunch of Prana Bombs and transformed them into long panels. Within a couple of seconds, all the panels connected seamlessly to form a massive dome that sported a radius of two hundred metres.

Blanketing the sky, the dome slammed into the ground, separating the boulder—that Blola had taken root upon—from the outside world. Roaming on the surface in a defensive stance were hundreds of Empyrean Zingers, thwarting the approach of all external forces.

Mystic Bone Art—Sumatra Zinger!

The Prana Bombs created by each transformed into a barrel with a bent space inside. The Prana Bomb layer acted like a pair of lungs, mimicking its functions to suck a large volume of air inside. Following that, a miniature Prana Bomb condensed in it as an Empyrean Zinger in miniature form shot it towards a Pranic Beast that leapt towards the Prana Bomb Dome.

The impact struck dead on the target, splattering its head in response. Its corpse continued to roll on the ground and spurted blood profusely. A second later, a Prana Hand landed on it, absorbing all the Prana being gushed out by the Spirit Container in the corpse upon the owner's death.

Through the Prana Hand, the Empyrean Zinger refilled its Prana and charged up its Sumatra Zinger. Through the Skill of Puppetry, it could control four Spirit Weapons. One Spirit Weapon was a Prana Hand meant to replenish its Prana while the remaining three were Sumatra Zingers.

At the Dralh Sea, the Skill most focused upon by the group of Empyrean Zingers was the weapon—Sumatra Zinger. Inala either ripped out his lungs to create it or used Empyrean Zingers to do the same.

The process wasted a lot of resources. Hence, they wanted to make it efficient, creating a method through which they could transform their Prana Bombs into the Sumatra Zinger. And that resulted in the birth of the Skill of Sumatra Zinger.

Bang! Bang! Boom!

Employed by the hundreds of Empyrean Zingers roaming on the Prana Bomb Dome, with each carrying three Sumatra Zingers, Prana Bombs blasted forth like bullets and rained down on the surroundings.

The explosive force was strong enough to keep even the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts at bay for the time being. And before the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts could figure out a solution to reach the Prana Bomb Dome, the fight within would conclude.

"W-What the fuck just happened?" Blola was flustered as he reverted to his human form and looked around, observing the world around him had gone dark. He roamed on the boulder and spread his Prana sense around, failing to detect any other lifeform in his vicinity.

Suddenly, there was a beam of light that shone inside through a door that had opened up on the Prana Bomb Dome, closer to the ground. Standing there was a youth aged twenty-five years. His expression was calm as he looked up at Blola, asking, "Are you at the 2-Life Stage?"

"Who the fuck are you?" Blola was unable to recognise the man before him.

"Dumbass, it's me." Inala peeled off his skin, revealing squirming flesh underneath. Prana surged into his face and shed the excess muscles he had grown to appear as Dhakha.

As a new layer of skin regrew, Blola shouted in a fluster, "I should have known when a group of Zingers appeared. It's you, Inala!"

"Even with the information that you can gain from the Transcendent Eater, you're still dumb. Anyway, answer my question." Inala stared at Blola, "Are you at the 2-Life Stage?"

"So what if I am?" Blola argued, "Why have you come here?"

"That's all I need." Inala grinned all of a sudden, displaying a maniacal expression, "That's all I want."

Fwoosh!

He opened his mouth wide as Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms flooded out in large numbers, reaching two thousand. They leaped like ticks and landed on the inner surface of the Prana Bomb Dome, covering up the surface.

By now, Blola understood what was happening, cursing Inala in response, "You want to kill me?"

"Why?"

"I'm merely destroying your current body. I'm not actually killing you." Inala shrugged, "So, don't be mad at me."

Mystic Bone Art—Sumatra Zinger!

Inala created four guns and slung them to his hips. He also slung four Prana Hands on his back, getting ready as more than a hundred Empyrean Zingers in miniature form crawled across his body, covering up him fully except for his eyes, nose, mouth, and ears.

"What the fuck?" Blola was stunned to see Inala's figure flicker and vanish, taking advantage of the instant when the door closed shut, causing the place to become dark. He hurriedly took root and became a Transcendent Eater, screaming in pain as thousands of Prana Bombs bombarded him.





Chapter 420  Inala Vs Blola (Part 2)

420  Inala Vs Blola (Part 2)

Every hit destroyed part of the Transcendent Eater's stalk but regenerated immediately after. The soil quantity dropped down at a steady level as the Transcendent Eater devoured all nutrients in it to generate Prana as quickly as possible and regenerate.

With a plant's vitality, unless it was completely burned, the Transcendent Eater will survive if even a small portion of its root survives. Its carnivorous mouths roamed through the place, intending to gobble up the Empyrean Zingers, only to be met with a volley of Prana Bombs to its face.

Unlike other Pranic Beasts that fainted when Prana was stolen from their body through multiple locations, the Transcendent Eater only screamed in pain but didn't faint. After all, it was more like a plant than an animal.

Of course, it wasn't a plant. It was just a Pranic Beast with characteristics more similar to plants than animals.

A carnivorous mouth clumped upon a batch of soil and clenched it into a sphere in its mouth. Following that, its stalk lashed out like a whip and launched the sphere of mud at the Prana Bomb Dome, intending to destroy it. As long as that happened, there would be light inside, making it easier for it to see and fight.

At present, its Prana senses were failing, for each Prana Bomb absorbed all the ambient Prana released by the Transcendent Eater to sense around, preventing it from detecting anything.

In response to the sphere of mud, an Empyrean Zinger leaped forth with all its strength and cranked its Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit while reverting to its original form. It covered its arm with a layer of Prana Bomb, clenched it into a fist, and punched the mud sphere, shattering it in response.

It immediately took on its miniature form to evade a lunging carnivorous mouth and glided around, unleashing thrusts of wind from its mouth to propel itself around and escape the flurry of attacks targeting it.

In this manner, the Empyrean Zingers kept moving while whittling down Blola.

In the meantime, another batch of Empyrean Zingers worked on reinforcing the Prana Bomb Dome while also extending it underground too.

"Argh!" Blola shouted in pain as when he extended his roots deep underground to gather more nutrients to regenerate his body, the tips of some roots came in contact with the Prana Bomb Dome, losing Prana through the roots.

'There's a Prana Bomb layer underground too?' Blola thought in fluster, 'I've been completely cut off from the outside.'

The Prana Bomb Dome had now become a Prana Bomb Sphere, completely trapping Blola within. He couldn't try to break free as too many Empyrean Zingers were in his way, spewing Prana Bombs at him like bullets.

The severe pain prevented him from being able to think of a way of escape. He was being whittled down as the amount of nutrients in the soil was depleting too fast. Soon, he would no longer be able to generate Prana. Once that happens, he would be killed easily.

While this was happening, Inala's figure flickered around the place as he collected all the Prana Bombs filled with Prana.

Currently, the Transcendent Eater was equivalent to an Empyrean Tusk in terms of the quality of its Prana. Hence, these Prana Bombs would help him with his journey later—where he would head out to reclaim the Quip Tribe.

Blola was strong, fearsomely so, capable of regenerating from all sorts of damage. As long as a small portion of his root remained, he could regenerate back to full capacity in a matter of seconds.

As a result, he was basically unkillable. The only way to kill him would be in one shot that was capable of absolutely obliterating him alongside the region he had taken root in.

As a result, Inala used the Prana Bomb Sphere to cut off the soil supply. Once the nutrients were expended, he couldn't regenerate.

As for the Transcendent Eater's body parts strewn about from the fight? Inala went around collecting them in Prana Bomb containers and stored them in his stomach biome. As a result, the matter within the Prana Bomb Sphere was steadily depleting.

Now, Blola didn't have the option of using his scattered body parts as nutrients to keep fighting either.

With large volumes of his Prana and body parts being stolen every second, there was nothing Blola could do. Once the soil was depleted of all nutrients, the Transcendent Eater was unable to regenerate anymore.

At this point, the Empyrean Zingers shifted strategy. Instead of shooting Prana Bombs with their Sumatra Zingers, they hurled Prana Hands at the Transcendent Eater and stole the remainder of its Prana.

With each Empyrean Zinger controlling four Prana Hands, there were a total of eight thousand Prana Hands grabbing the Transcendent Eater's body. It was brutally uprooted and stuffed in a tiny Prana Bomb container, hammered to stuff as much of it inside the tiny container as possible.

The Empyrean Zingers took turns and used their Prana Hands—their weight cranked up to forty kilograms—to bombard the Transcendent Eater with punches. It was unable to offer resistance, ending up becoming nothing more than a stalk of grass being ground by a pestle in a mortar.

"S-Stop, please. I surrender!" The Transcendent Eater's body vanished as Blola appeared, his face a mess with snot and tears. His body bulged at innumerous locations, an aftereffect of the incessant beatings he had received.

Prana Hands covered his body the instant he took human form. The Empyrean Zingers remained alert, not giving him any opportunity.

"Spare me! We have no enmity!" Blola shouted, unable to sense Inala's presence. He couldn't use his Prana detection methods anymore as he was expended of all Prana. Sight was impossible due to the darkness. Scent wasn't feasible since the space within the Prana Bomb Sphere had a dense scent of the Empyrean Zingers.

And finally, as the Empyrean Zingers shrieked constantly, Blola was unable to even make out where Inala could be by sounds. He still had a trump card where he could burn most of his Transcendent Eater body to generate enough Prana for a powerful attack.

As long as he kills Inala, he can break free of this place. Once he takes root outside, he will become unkillable. "Let's talk! We're brothers, right? Let's talk and sort out our differences!"

Suddenly, his mind went blank when the presence of the Boar King hit him from behind at closeup, at its most concentrated form. Taking advantage of his defenceless state, a hand grabbed his neck from behind and seeped a large volume of Prana inside.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"Uh…gah…gaaah!" Blola suffered, unable to resist, grunting at his last as brain matter gushed out of his orifices. Once he was dead, Inala grabbed his head and extracted his skull. From start to end, he remained cautious.

That's why he didn't simply attack Blola after the latter was captured by the Prana Hands. Instead, he refined some of the obtained Transcendent Eater's Prana into the Boar King's, enough to unleash for an instant.

Through that, he only touched Blola when the latter was unable to react, both physically and mentally. "Now, I obtained the Transcendent Eater's data."

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Inala accessed Blola's most recent information, intending to find out how he arrived at the Brimgan Empire, observing everything that happened at the Mammoth Clan during the Fifth Minor Crisis, "Fucking leeches!"

His face then turned pale upon finding out what Virala was capable of, 'He can hide in the Nature Slots of both humans and Pranic Beasts.'

"Shit!" Inala cursed in response, "Asaeya is fine since all her Nature slots are filled. But Gannala still has an empty Secondary Nature slot."

"We're returning, NOW!" He shouted and began to store all the Empyrean Zingers, intending to rush back to the Brimgan Empire.





