Chapter 521 A Damnably Determined Resha

﻿﻿"Ugh...what happened?" Grehha felt groggy, unable to feel his body. Even though he had cranked his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to the limit, Resha's attack was still able to send his highly dense body flying away for hundreds of metres.

"It isn't possible to send my body flying when it was that heavy...no, that wasn't it." As he thought further, Grehha realised what was up. When External Inertial Gravity hit him, the effects of his Internal Inertial Gravity were suppressed for an instant.

In that instant, his body's density reverted to its original value, allowing the effects of External Inertial Gravity to send him flying. An instant later, the full effect of Internal Inertial Gravity recovered his body's density to its maximum value. But by then, the momentum had been transferred to his body, sending him flying.

Now, he was no different from a compressed meteor sent flying. His dense body acted against him as all the buildings he crashed into crumbled easily, failing to negate his momentum. 'He was prepared and had been saving it up just for this occasion!'

Resha had been extensively developing his abilities by taking full advantage of the Major Treasure of Cure. Its influence had already begun to terraform all his biomes. And since the biomes were his organs, the effect seeped into his blood through the Prana carried in it.

As a result, the amount of influence Resha had on the powers of Internal Inertial Gravity had already surpassed all Empyrean Tusks.

The only reason the Boar King was unkillable for a Mammoth Clansman was due to the number of Internal Inertial Gravity in his possession. As a result, the abilities of Empyrean Tusks became useless before him.

Then, what if Internal Inertial Gravity itself was targeted? Then wouldn't the Boar King's reserve of those Natures lose its value? This was Resha's direction of growth, having died a dog's death against the Boar King.

Unlike the rest of the Mystic Paths that were creating new weaknesses for the Boar King, Resha was directly targeting the Boar King's strength to cripple it.

"This...bastard!" Grehha swatted away the rubble surrounding him and leapt out, only to stare in shock to see the figures of Yaha and Hara hover in the sky. "Stop! Don't!"

Grehha screamed in fright as through his Secondary Nature, he could feel that the Boar King had arrived before the Brimgan Empire. Hearing the cries of a dozen newborn Empyrean Tusks further reinforced his calculation, 'Inala's trap has been activated. It means the Boar King is already upon us.'

He intended to rush towards the rescue of the Wean Tribe but suddenly felt his body failing to move. His vision was focused upon the two girls hovering in the sky, propped up by a field of gravity. Their bodies twisted as blood spurted out.

And in a matter of seconds, as if trapped in the depths of the ocean, pressure increased on their bodies before crushing them brutally.

Even the Raid Team stared at the scene in shock. They only intended to kill the Boar King's children but not in such a brutal way, especially in front of the Boar King.

Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast--Empyrean Boar King!

For a moment, the entire Brimgan Empire halted in function, unable to even breathe as the Boar King's unbridled presence, one built up by fury blasted down upon the region. And the result?

Pffft!

Those with Iron Grade strength at the Body Stage and below exploded into blood mist. It wasn't as powerful as the presence unleashed in Fentan City a decade ago. That Boar King had been combusting his body to generate the presence, and hence it was significantly stronger.

But even without it, the Boar King's presence was still powerful enough to claim the lives of millions in a matter of seconds. The presence potently wrapped upon a quarter of the Southern Veins and some borders of the associated Northern Lakes, killing everyone weak there instantly.

The world was dyed red by the presence that revolved around the Boar King, becoming no different to a cyclone. The closer one was to the Boar King, the stronger they were suppressed. Those with Iron Grade strength at the Body Stage coughed out blood and died in a matter of seconds.

Those at the Spirit Stage needn't be bothered with, for they exploded into blood mist, unable to resist the slightest.

'Now, the Brimgan Empire will come after you too. But first, I'll kill you at least once.' Prana churned through his body as Resha began to grow in size, activating his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 to transform into a humanoid bone giant 80 metres tall.

Its right hand was shaped into a hammer while its left resembled an axe. It was the same creature that he had transformed into when the Boar King targeted the Mammoth Clan previously. Not only did it have a humanoid body, but sported arms in the shape of weapons, proving of ample use to him.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast--Brully!

It was a rare creature occasionally found roaming through the territories of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, nomadic in nature, maintaining a life of solitude. It had a decently strong Nature, but of course, Empyrean 100 only allowed Resha to transform into a bone version of the same, without its Nature.

His transformation was no different from if a Mammoth Clansman transformed into a Brully. In this state, he could harness his power faster and with greater speed. His eyes craned as Resha was able to observe a dot rapidly close in on his location.

Over 8000 Prana gathered into his palm as Resha stacked the effects of the Major Treasure of Cure upon it, causing his biomes to resonate in response and pour in the natural fields of gravity they generated.

A tiny dot formed in his hand, resembling a black hole. It wasn't a proper blackhole, but just appeared close to one in terms of appearance. It was just a singularity with a powerful force of attraction.

Resha slammed one leg into the ground and lifted another, assuming the same pose as a baseball pitcher. And then, he hurled the tiny dot with all his might, watching it flying away at supersonic speeds.

"My Kids!" The Boar King's mournful cries reverberated like thunder across the region, the shockwaves alone causing cracks to form in the buildings along the path. The ground pulsed and tremored faintly in response as a figure flashed across the place, forming a beeline towards the Varahan Mansion.

Yarsha Zahara was trapped in a prison solidified using compressed lava. She was using all her might to attack it from the inside but would take a while to break out of it. Besides, she had been protecting her kids while the Raid Team targeted them, all while evading Resha's interruptions.

Hence, she didn't have enough Prana to do anything. What she didn't know was that Resha had done everything on purpose, acting as if he wanted to kill her kids all along to force her and Grehha to give their everything.

This way, Yarsha Zahara wouldn't have enough strength to break free once he trapped her. In the same way, Grehha's actions would serve as a cover for Resha's true objective, forcing Yarsha Zahara into a train of thought focused on protecting her children until her husband arrived.

Even the Raid Team intended to kill the Boar King's children only after the Brimgan Empire obtained the Major Treasure of Attribute. So, they weren't even using all their strength. Resha knew it because he learnt of their entire plan while acting as a Minor Treasure for Harla Brimgan.

Information reigned supreme. Though there were many things Resha didn't know, he had at least covered all grounds for his plan.

The Boar King's youngest two children were killed by Resha. Upon seeing Resha target Baga and Braga, his middle two children, the Boar King activated four more Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

With ten Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity actuated in him, the Boar King's speed spiked further. But just then, right as he focused his Prana on Astral Chart to activate four more, a tiny dot flew past him and continued flying at an inclined angle into the sky.

Major Treasure: Cure—External Inertial Gravity!

Resha extended his palm towards the Boar King and unleashed a wave of energy that slammed into the Boar King and for an instant, suppressed the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity. But upon sensing a ginormous stomach biome in the Boar King's body, Resha unleashed a few more such pulses through his Major Treasure of Cure.

They reversed the effects of the Boar King's Internal Inertial Gravity, focusing their effects on turning the biome weightless. It was only effective for an instant before the Boar King's Prana regained control over the ten Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity.

But that instant was plenty enough.

The tiny dot was now ten kilometres behind the Boar King, continuing to cover at least a kilometre every second. Its gravitational pull was focused only upon the Boar King, pulling him towards it.

And in that instant when the Boar King's body turned weightless, the tiny dot pulled him towards it, negating the momentum he had built up until then. Moreover, his body was now pulled towards the tiny dot at sonic speeds.

An instant later, it was too late, for the Boar King's body recovered its weight, which caused his momentum to balloon to catastrophic levels.

His eyes widened in shock as the Boar King saw him going further away from the Varahan Mansion, bellowing in tension to see Resha pull up the figures of Baga and Braga. And slowly, the bodies of the two too began to gush out blood.

"Stop! STOP! Bastard, I'll kill you!" The Boar King unleashed all the air in his stomach biome in the direction of the tiny dot, countering its pull.

Of course, there was only enough Prana in it to last a couple of seconds while pulling the full mass of the Boar King's biome-carrying body. In his highly tensed state, two seconds felt like forever.

The Boar King continued to blow out compressed air at a terrifying speed, nonstop in generating the thrust. As one second passed, he managed to pull himself a metre away from the tiny dot. At mart of two seconds, by further increasing the thrust, he increased the distance to five metres.

But after two seconds, the tiny dot vanished, leaving behind the figure of the Boar King who was unleashing a thrust continuously. As his figure accelerated, he noticed the expression of Resha be replaced with a twisted smile, one of victory, 'Why? Why's he like this all of a sudden?'

Right as a foreboding sensation filled his being, the Boar King noticed the world become monochromatic. His body was stuck to the spot in space. And a blink later, an eye appeared. Veins ballooned across it as it glared at the Boar King, observing that he himself was the cause that resulted in his flight.

And then, it began to erase him.



Chapter 522 Choose, Brangara! Choose!

﻿﻿"What…what the fuck is this?" The Boar King was stunned to see his body getting erased, starting from his toes. He stared at the mysterious eye, experiencing fear. But a moment later, the faces of his children flashed past his mind, "I'm not dying here, fucker!"

"I'm the Boar King! You think you can erase me like this?" The Boar King roared as his presence continued to build up, activating more and more Natures. And then, he grunted, moulding his Presence to emanate something he had unleashed once in the past, at the time he evolved to become the Empyrean Boar King.

Bolt of Transcendence!

He looked like he was about to reach the Transcendence Stage, summoning a Bolt of Transcendence upon him. Since he had already reached the peak of the Pranic Beast Path, once he had reached maturity, he could choose to become a Transcendent any time he wanted.

Once he exhausted his growth potential, the Bolt of Transcendence would naturally approach him. But the fact that he was at the Mystic Grade as a Pranic Beast meant he had the option. Of course, he didn't truly call it, for doing so would mean an influx of Bolt of Transcendence until he either became a Transcendent or died trying.

His fake summons brought forth a Bolt of Transcendence that bombarded his body. The sheer energy destroyed whatever effect the mysterious eye had unleashed upon him, freeing up his body. Of course, the eye didn't wish to lose its target and locked onto him once again.

"Again!" The Boar King roared as the residue of the first Bolt of Transcendence flowed through his body and settled in his stomach biome. A vast surge of information flooded his mind, something he could only take time to comprehend later.

He didn't have the leeway to do so now as he summoned forth a second bolt, having more experience this time as he moved in such a way that the bolt targeted the eye before reaching him, "Keuk!"

The mysterious eye tanked most of the damage from the Bolt of Transcendence, becoming wounded in response as it suddenly revealed an injury, one that seemed to have been formed by the piercing of a tusk.

This was the injury inflicted upon it by Mahira Tusk to save Resha. The mysterious eye hadn't finished healing it yet and the Bolt of Transcendence caused it to surface once again.

Upon noticing the eye, the Boar King opened his mouth and unleashed a suction force, sucking out some of the eye's blood by taking advantage of the instance he was freed from its grasp. The residue of the second Bolt of Transcendence flowed into his body and fused with the blood he had stolen from the eye.

"How dare you target me?" The Boar King roared as he summoned the third Bolt of Transcendence, watching the eye shimmer with a strange energy. 'Shit! It's preparing something stronger!'

The third Bolt of Transcendence slammed into the eye and freed the Boar King for an instant when he split his body, leaving behind the body that was getting erased.

His 2-Life Stage body rapidly slammed into the ground and rushed towards Varahan Mansion while the remaining body summoned two more Bolts of Transcendence and was erased by the eye.

The mysterious eye was covered in soot now, extremely weakened by five Bolts of Transcendence, unable to hide its existence anymore as it revealed itself to the entirety of Sumatra. Anyone who remained in the region could now stare up and see it, an existence undetectable to everyone not getting erased until now.

It stared at the Boar King weakly, lacking the strength to erase him anymore as it slowly flew higher into the sky until it was too far away to be seen anymore. It was capable of travelling at speeds surpassing the Boar King, so it was impossible to be targeted by any ambitious entities.

'I see, so that's what it is.' From Compartment 6-K, Inala felt the eye's presence when it was unable to conceal itself anymore. As he had a few encounters with it until now, he was able to detect its arrival.

Since he was preparing to summon a Bolt of Transcendence all along, he could vividly feel its presence too. And when it attacked the mysterious eye, Inala connected the information he had gathered regarding it and looked around, observing the walls of water to conclude, 'That eye is an Influenced Region. The Major Treasure that created it must have revealed itself many eras ago. It was probably claimed by a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. That's why nothing about it is known.'

The entirety of Sumatra Chronicles occurred in a small portion of the Sumatra Continent. Hence, there was no way of knowing which Major Treasure appeared where, especially if it had happened long ago in the past.

But upon understanding that the eye failed to erase the Boar King, Inala judged that it ran out of power. He could sense the Boar King's position through his Secondary Nature. And since he felt the eye at the same spot, he could guess what might have transpired.

The fact that he could feel that the Boar King's strength only dropped a little was enough information, 'The eye barely managed to erase one body of his. Seems he used the Bolts of Transcendence to wound it and escape it. I see, so that is an option to escape from it. I understand it now.'

He brought out a Mutated Empyrean Zinger and caused it to unleash a thrust continuously, smiling upon seeing that it wasn't erased, "Now, that's good news."

'It seems the eye won't be appearing for the time being.' He grinned and transformed into an Empyrean Zinger, asking everyone else to board his back, 'I don't need to hold back anymore.'

"Grab them firmly," Inala said and used the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis to form a harness for the group to grab onto and not fall off. With a flap of his wings, he unleashed a thrust through his nostrils, taking flight.

A second of stabilisation later, he was no different from an aircraft. In a matter of seconds, the Empyrean Tusks were filled in on the entire situation through a Bone Slip from Inala. And then, they took charge of unleashing the thrust, watching Inala fly across the place at tremendous speeds, allowing them to target the Attributed Creatures from high up.

They simply dropped heavy artillery from overhead over the Attributed Creatures, giving it an aerodynamic spin and some acceleration along the way using a thrust. And then?

Boom!

The upper bodies of the Attributed Creatures exploded upon the impact. With a swish of his Empyrean Zinger form, Inala approached it close as Asaeya fished out the key.

The moment flying was allowed, Inala's strength exploded to terrifying levels. After all, as the time-tested saying on Earth went, 'The one that dominates the Sky, dominates everything!'

'Then in the future, as long as I manage to put the eye out of commission, I can rule the skies! No matter how strong the Boar King becomes, I'll target him from dozens of kilometres up in the air, way beyond his reach.' He became excited, feeling his mind begin to formulate plans already, 'I can take advantage of this!'

Inala wasn't the only one who managed to guess the eye's identity. The other individual was Resha, having been turning his biomes into an Influenced Region himself and had a prior encounter with the eye.

'So that is an Influenced Region. It's not an all-powerful Transcendent.' Resha sighed in response, 'No wonder it only managed to destroy one body of the Boar King.'

The Attributed Region was no longer a threat to the Boar King once he reached the 5-Life Stage. Both Sanctuary and Armoury were of the same level. Even Transcended Plane, the Influenced Region of the Seat of Transcendence could only be a threat to an 8-Life Stage Boar King.

At the 10-Life Stage, the Boar King was capable of killing Iron Transcendents and weaker Silver Transcendents. He could go toe to toe with stronger Silver Transcendents.

An Influenced Region was only as strong as the body of an Iron Transcendent. And depending on the power of the Major Treasure that built it, the danger of the Influenced Region varied.

The eye was on par with the Attributed Region but had been severely wounded by Mahira Tusk to save Resha. Hence, it was already significantly weakened.

It took tens of thousands of years for an Attributed Region to finish forming. Therefore, the same applied to its recovery too, especially after being wounded by a Gold Transcendent—Mahira Tusk.

'Well, it still managed to destroy a body. So, that's good too.' Resha thought and quickly gathered his bearings. With a tug of his gravity, the Boar King's four children flew into his grasp, "Make a choice, Brangara!"

Right as he shouted, the solidified lava cage containing Yarsha Zahara flew towards the Raid Team. Since the Boar King arrived in advance, they had no other choice but to go all out and try to kill him. Moreover, to aid the kill, Resha engraved a message on the cage, directed at the leader of the Raid Team, Fstoll Brimgan.

[The Boar King's at the 2-Life Stage. As long as you attempt to kill her, he'll try his best to protect her. Use that to your advantage and try your best to split his bodies. It's our victory when that happens.]

Resha's figure flickered as he brought the four Wean Tribesmen and stood right before the entrance to the Attributed Region. The Raid Team distanced themselves from the Varahan Mansion and ran towards the dried Northern Lakes, in tow with Yarsha Zahara.

"Choose!" Resha roared upon seeing Brangara arrive a couple of kilometres away, "Your Wife?"

"Or…" He rushed into the entrance with the four Wean Tribesmen, "Your Children?"

"Choose!"



Chapter 523 Raze It! Raze It All!

?No one in Sumatra had the gall to challenge the Boar King. Even pinnacle powerhouses like Raaha and Geugeu only intended to defend against the Boar King.

Brandal Brimgan wanted to fight the Boar King, but that was only to broaden his horizon, knowing full well that he wouldn't survive the fight. At least in Sumatra Chronicles, Yarsha Zahara schemed against the Boar King, but judging by the Mammoth Clan's annihilation, whatever she had planned hadn't taken effect yet.

Of course, how could anyone face an existence on Sumatra that was capable of killing literal Transcendents? It was a futile thought process.

In the present timeline, seven people dared challenge the thought. And they were the seven Mystic Paths, each carrying a certain objective towards their ultimate goal—to end the Boar King.

But, from Virala to Orakha, none truly had made plans to kill the Boar King. No, they weren't confident in killing him until they attained their endgame build, which would only be completed during the Fourth Major Disaster.

Therefore, whatever they schemed until then would only be to stall the Boar King. Even Inala's plans were only laid to stall the Boar King as long as possible. After all, even his Sandy-Grey Bombs didn't have enough power to kill the Boar King.

Resha never intended to wait until the Fourth Major Disaster. Technically, his build would reach endgame potential too, allowing him to contest against the Boar King. But, there was one problem here.

No one apart from the Mystic Seven would pose a threat to the Boar King. That was what Resha believed. He didn't know about Wittral and Maroppa coming to the Mammoth Clan's side, but even if they were added to the mix, nothing would change.

They'll all be busy fighting Yarsha Zahara. Hence, at the end of the day, it was up to the Mystic Seven to deal with the Boar King. No other variable would be able to affect him, for at the 10-Life Stage, the Boar King was capable of brushing off all Influenced Regions.

The risk was too much. Unlike everyone, Resha fought an endgame Boar King. He knew how terrifying that entity was. Forget despair, that was perversely hopeless. Even despair was cute compared to what he felt at that moment when the strongest of his attacks—that was capable of shattering mountains—failed to even scratch the Boar King.

Therefore, the best time was now. Thanks to the eye's attack, the Boar King's cultivation dropped from the 3-Life Stage to the 2-Life Stage. At this level, the Attributed Region posed a serious threat to his life.

Resha wanted to use that. Whether he dies in the process or not is relevant. As long as he manages to kill the Boar King, he'll be content with the price.

It wasn't just that. He had backup plans for the scenario of the Boar King arriving in advance—before he obtained the Attribute. And now, he was using it. His intention?

Use the Boar King to make a beeline to the Attribute!

"Choose!" His voice reverberated powerfully in the region as Resha sped through the flight of stairs and arrived at Compartment 10-K.

As for the Raid Team, they were extremely pissed.

Fstoll Brimgan observed a repeat of the Fentan City Disaster from a decade ago. But this time, the scale of the disaster was larger, with the death toll in the millions. 'Again, it happened.'

He was old, having less than a couple of decades left to live. In his long life, he had been through, seen, and experienced a lot. But whatever it might have been, the fact of the matter is that a Pranic Beast managed to kill millions of Free Humans under his watch while he failed to protect anyone.

"What…have we been living for all along?" He muttered, causing the eyes of his team members to redden in response, "What if it had happened at the Capital? The entirety of our younger generation would have been erased in the most gruesome manner possible. If we…can't even bring closure to the sufferings of our people, why are we alive?"

"Right?" He chuckled with a tone of mockery and condensed a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a turbine, one that revved at terrifying speeds to generate a powerful thrust.

He stared at the sky and observed the eye vanishing from sight, "As our historical records have stated, that eye indeed exists. But, now that it no longer has the power to stop us, it's time we displayed our might."

A ship was built around the turbine to create a flying vessel. The Brimgan Empire had the means to fly, as obviously with the strongest psychokinesis on Sumatra. They were the only ones who could realistically generate enough thrust through a Spirit Weapon to fly.

Many times, their Ancestors had tried it and vanished in response. The records left behind told them to avoid flying, which was what the Brimgan Royals have obeyed to date. Multiple generations of Brimgan Emperors have questioned their Transcendent about it, all to be met with the same response.

[Leap, Don't Fly!]

Hence, the Brimgan Royals classified all Spirit Weapon techniques related to the creation of flying vessels as forbidden. And when a Brimgan Royal gains enough power to create a flying vessel, they are taught to never dream about flying.

Only the Ministers—Brimgan Royals at the 9-Life Stage—were given access to the records that allowed them to know what happened to the Brimgan Royals who had attempted to fly in the past. It was in a man's nature to pursue the sky. And for those with the power to do so, forcing them to stay put was torture.

But not anymore!

The ship took flight and continued to gain altitude. Standing on its deck was Fstoll Brimgan, using his Minor Treasure to add a bunch of weights on Yarsha Zahara to lock her onto the floor of the deck. The lava cage was shattered only around her head, making it easy for the Boar King to see her facial expression.

Everyone part of the Raid Team was at the 9-Life Stage, Ministers with a wealth of experience. Even though she recovered her abilities from the past, there was nothing she could do. Even if she could escape from her bindings, she could still be dragged back into her cell.

After all, not only were they in the sky now, but the Spirit Weapons of her captors were vastly faster than whatever she could unleash at the moment. Her eyes were gloomy as Yarsha Zahara realised this, trembling in rage but helpless to do anything.

All she could do was see the corpses of Yaha and Hara, her daughters. 'I'm sorry! I couldn't protect you!'

"Look to the side if you want to cry." Fstoll Brimgan grabbed her head and twisted it fiercely, pointing at the deaths in Fentan City, "This is the second time it happened. And your husband was the culprit both times."

"So, isn't it fair that we make him experience the same?" His entire body trembled as he observed the Boar King's approach and nodded at his teammates. Immediately in response, Spirit Weapons flew out of the ship and headed towards the Boar King.

The Brimgan Royals excelled at ranged fights. And now that they could assume flight, it was impossible to target them anymore.

"Come at us with all you got!" Fstoll Brimgan said and increased the strength of his hold, gradually beginning to crush Yarsha Zahara's head, "I'll make you witness your wife's death."

"Fucking Bastards!" The Boar King's figure skid to a stop before the corpses of Yaha and Hara. He gently scooped up their crushed bodies, words failing to form in his mouth. He was choking, unable to bear seeing his family reduced to such a state.

He had a choice now. Either he chases after his remaining kids or goes after his wife. Resha was in the Attributed Region, so it wouldn't be easy to snatch his children from him quickly. On the other hand, the Raid Team was in the sky, out of his reach, with them continuing to build up altitude.

He would have to unleash thrusts from his stomach biome to chase after them, but in terms of manoeuvrability, he was outclassed in the skies. There were twenty turbines attached to the ship, able to fine-tune its movements with both speed and accuracy.

With the distance between them, even if the Boar King propels himself at supersonic speeds, the Raid Team had a few seconds to react. And to a Brimgan Empire, that was long enough to chill and have a lengthy discussion.

Kinesis Deity evolved to function in high-paced situations. The Brimgan Royals' reaction speed and ability to perceive fast-

moving objects were the highest in Sumatra. Therefore, getting back Yarsha Zahara from them successfully would also take time.

Worst of all, to pressure the Boar King into making a choice, both parties were inflicting horror on his wife and kids respectively.

"I…might go mad if I do this. But, I have no other choice." The Boar King took a deep breath as he shed tears, using a stored Nature to burn the corpses of his two daughters, "Please forgive your lacking father. If there's another life and I'm blessed to have you both as my children once again, I promise to treat you better."

"My remaining family, I'll rescue them, no matter the price. I, the Boar King, am unworthy of my title if I fail to protect my loved ones." He slowly got up as the air around him trembled, generating thunderclaps. From one to two to four, it continued to increase.

Amidst the incessant thunderclaps, the Boar King stood, generating a volume of presence that continued to grow, quickly surpassing his previous 3-Life Stage presence as his stomach biome had fused with the eye's blood and become exceedingly stable.

Air revolved around him due to the field of gravity his mass naturally generated. And then, he split into two. The body with the stomach biome retained all the activated Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity while the other body received the remaining Natures.

The body with the stomach biome would be his main body, intending to chase after Resha. He grabbed his other body and threw him towards the ship with all his might, "Save here, no matter the cost."

"But if you were to fail…" A moment later, he uttered, no longer having the mood to care about the preservation of life that he had maintained for two millennia, "Raze this place down until life cannot grow on it for a millennium."

"A civilisation that dared target my family will face the consequences of doing so. The deaths won't stop at millions. No," His Prana began to grow into the shape of the Empyrean Boar King, solidifying on its own in response to his growing emotions, "That won't be enough."

"Everyone's dying today!"



Chapter 524 Genocidal Brangara

?"What…the heck is he doing?" Fstoll Brimgan wasn't prepared to see the body of the Boar King be thrown somewhere far away from the ship. He had assumed the Boar King would rush at him, but seeing his body sent flying into the sky kilometres far away was unnerving.

The excitement of seeing the Boar King split his body into two vanished immediately upon sensing a flash of Prana erupt out of the body now at an altitude of six kilometres.

The Boar King glared at the ship that was four kilometres diagonally downward his position and proclaimed, "Did you assume threatening me would work? Well, it did. And now, I'm holding the Brimgan Empire hostage!"

His voice boomed across the region, unleashed using all his strength. The shockwave of his declaration almost reached the capital, which was hundreds of kilometres away.

Bronsk Brimgan was alarmed upon seeing the sequence of events, slapping his messengers in response, "Why the fuck wasn't I informed of his arrival immediately? You're telling me only now! Fucking losers! Why would I have to wait for you when I could hear him shout myself?"

"Your Majesty! The eye appeared and vanished in defeat after killing one body of the Boar King." The messenger that was slapped received a message from his team and hurriedly communicated the details.

"Can we fly now?" His eyes glinted as Bronsk Brimgan took flight, activating a forbidden Spirit Weapon-building Skill that he had been itching to use all his life. The moment the messenger confirmed that the Raid Team had already activated flight, he jumped onto his ship and took to the skies, racing towards the Boar King in an effort to defend the capital from harm.

After all, a strange phenomenon was happening across the region now. Falling from the sky like rain were fragmented rocks embedded with chitin spikes, numbering in the millions. Each piece unleashed a suppression effect on the body and Prana of its targeted audience.

Astral Chart—Bone-Melting Artillery X10!

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation X12!

At the same time, crimson droplets of rain appeared on the ground surface and flowed upwards, flying into the Boar King's mouth.

Astral Chart—Bloody Affection X10!

A Free Human cultivator at the 2-Life Stage with Silver Grade strength stared into the sky, breaking into laughter as he observed the sky littered with burning rocks rushing towards the ground like meteors.

Each rock was the size of a human head, with an altitude of six kilometres not sufficient to burn it up fully. And hence, they would definitely impact upon the ground. These chunks were all broken down from the rocky pillars activated through the Rockatrice's Primary Nature. Hence, they carried with them a suppression effect.

Unlike the ones used by a Rockatrice, these rocks unleashed the Boar King's presence, which worked exceedingly well to keep the people rooted to the spots, at barely half their usual strength, potently suppressed.

"Which dumbass managed to provoke a Deity to such an extent?" The Free Human cultivator had gone mad as he laughed uncontrollably, realising that forget running away, he couldn't even churn his Prana fast enough to activate his Human Avatar on time.

The rain of meteor blanketed the sky for as far as he could see. It didn't stop there though. As he continued to laugh, blood dripped out of his eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. It started with a droplet, became a few after a second, and then turned into a faucet.

The over six litres of blood in his body flowed out in less than ten seconds, transforming into a reverse rainfall as the droplets drizzled into the Boar King's mouth. His shrivelled body collapsed on the ground, unable to react as the meteor shower graced his land and decimated it abruptly.

The effects of Bone-Melting Artillery melted the land, turning it into a whirlpool of toxic fumes. Whatever the Brimgan Founder had done to the region was broken as the toxic fumes funnelled into the molten whirlpool and further worsened the situation.

A big chunk of the Southern Veins turned into a toxic sea.

"Retreat! Run!" Raaha shouted as he unleashed his power to its full extent, maintaining their surroundings to remain as a rock bed. He prevented the change while Gannala hurriedly created a tunnel for their group to escape, intending to go beyond the range of the toxic whirlpool.

"I can counter it!" Maroppa shouted as Vhalla grabbed her and sprinted through the tunnel, flickering large distances with every step.

"Don't be an idiot!" Vhalla shouted in shock, "This isn't the end."

"There will be more of them soon!"

"You…bastard!" Fstoll Brimgan parted the dome-shaped Spirit Weapon that had protected the ship to glare at the Boar King. The screams he had been hearing from the people—whose families died to the Boar King's presence before—had stopped.

It was simple. It meant that anyone who could utter a cry was no more.

Bang!

A Brimgan Royal blasted the rubble of a house and stared at the sparse few survivors in his vicinity. They were all at the Life Stage and had died once in the attack. He was currently at the 5-Life Stage, having just revived.

Unfortunately, the only survivors were those at the Life Stage. Everyone else was dead. He then stared upward to see another rain of meteors, his expression one of distraught, "How are humans supposed to defend against that?"

The wave of suppression from the Nature of Rocky Intimidation already weakened them, especially since the effect was radiating from different sources, unleashing a collective might. And the Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery caused the meteor shower to melt through all forms of defences. Adding to the momentum and heat built up from friction as it fell, the meteor shower became unstoppable.

Only the Brimgan Royals could survive the hit, if they focused their everything on defence. But even if they were to survive the impact, the following corrosive wave would kill them. The land had already become a corrosive whirlpool as all the buildings began to melt rapidly.

Toxic fumes gushed out of the land at various locations, killing weaker Life Stage cultivators who were trying to flee the place. The survivors were a paltry sum as the region steadily became a death zone incapable of life.

As for the cause? As his body continued to fall slowly, the Boar King continued to drink the blood of the people he had absorbed and digested them rapidly to generate Prana, unleashing a third volley.

"Go ahead," He stared at Fstoll Brimgan, watching the latter subconsciously let go of his hold over Yarsha Zahara's head, King continued to drink the blood of the people he had absorbed and digested them rapidly to generate Prana, "You think you could threaten me? Go ahead, go on, do it."

"I'll continue to destroy the Brimgan Empire until you release my wife. But if she dies," He grinned with a maddened rage, his face absurdly twisted, "I'll go after the rest of the Free Humans after I'm done here."

"The entire race of Free Humans will be wiped out." He pointed at Fstoll Brimgan, "And the catalyst towards it would be none other than you."

"Oh, someone strong is flying this way." The Boar King suddenly stared in the direction of the capital and unleashed the fourth volley towards it, "This will keep you busy."

"That's…towards the capital." One of the members of the Raid Team stared in a daze as his Spirit Weapon flashed across the sky, and so did the Spirit Weapons of his team members, blocking as many meteors as they could.

But all they managed to block was a fraction of the meteor shower. The Boar King was launching them across the sky using the launching power behind the artillery strike of a Centinger's Primary Nature activated ten times.

"Hmm, this is bad. This is useless. This feels unnecessary. Oh, finally a good one." The Boar King swallowed hundreds of Spirit Containers every second while using his Primary Nature of Voracious Nature. He rapidly filled his Astral Chart's empty slots with any Nature that caught his fancy and was deemed usable for the situation.

"Is this what you were doing?" He muttered upon getting the Nature of Kinesis Deity, using its power to create a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a boat, equipped with a turbine.

As for the Rutham necessary to build it? There were plenty of corpses of Brimgan Royals in the decimated area. And their Human Avatars were stored in the Spirit Containers that the Boar King had swallowed.

From there, he obtained the necessary Rutham to rapidly construct it. With the brainpower of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, figuring out the technique was easy. Basically, he was just creating a simple rotor to generate air at a location to form a thrust.

In a matter of seconds, he made adjustments until his boat was able to hover stably. And then, it flew towards the ship, the approach slow, but the momentum behind it was unstoppable.

A Spirit Weapon in the shape of a hand grabbed Yarsha Zahara by taking advantage of the Raid Team's flustered actions where they were trying to defend against a fifth meteor shower which was directed at another populous region on the Southern Veins.

"No!" Fstoll Brimgan shouted in fluster, using his Spirit Weapon to pull back Yarsha Zahara, only to observe an artillery strike bombard him.

As the boat carrying the Boar King closed in on them, the Boar King unleashed nonstop artillery strikes upon them, forcing them into a defensive, "Seems you lot have a lot of interesting Minor Treasures. And you have extensively armed yourselves to counter me. Unfortunately for the lot of you,"

He leapt to land on the ship's deck and ripped apart the cage trapping Yarsha Zahara, "All those plans are useless when I'm prepared to sacrifice a body."

"Are you hurt?" He pulled Yarsha Zahara into an embrace, "Get some rest while I wipe out the lot of them."

"Okay…" Yarsha Zahara's exhausted eyes were about to close when she noticed a golden flash rapidly close in on them, aiming for the Boar King's neck. "Watch out!"

She kicked him to the side, noticing a golden feline barely miss the Boar King's neck and sever his right arm instead. It landed on the deck, spat the arm to the side and circled once to transfer its momentum, before lunging on the Boar King once again.

Yarsha Zahara used her Spirit Weapon to block it, stunned to see the golden feline deftly swerve around her Spirit Weapon and rush the Boar King.



Chapter 525 Infinite Artillery Hack

﻿﻿"Thank you, Chief." Boul Brimgan thanked Geugeu upon watching the 1st Empyrean Snapper use its long neck like a trebuchet to launch a golden feline towards the Boar King. They were still far away from the Brimgan Empire but could see the meteor shower clearly.

As a result, Boul Brimgan asked for the favour, believing that his golden felines would be able to at least tank the chaos until his arrival.

"Get ready." Geugeu said as he stood beside Boul Brimgan, "I'll accompany you there."

His expression was fierce, "The Cooter Clan has built up hatred towards the Boar King. We'll assist you."

"I'm grateful, Chief." Boul Brimgan smiled in relief as he pointed in the direction of the Brimgan Empire's capital, "But send us there first."

"I need to obtain something before I can go against the Boar King." Two seconds after he explained himself, the Cooter Clan Chief informed the 1st Empyrean Snapper who changed its pointed direction and launched them in the direction of the capital.

A thin filament covered them as Geugeu unleashed his power. The filament allowed them to move through the air with minimal friction and, as a result, were able to head towards the Brimgan Empire without losing much momentum.

Soon, they were approaching the skies of Fentan City, able to see the battle in all its glory. Seeing the Boar King's twisted face was enough for Geugeu to brim with rage, 'The Insane Boar King!'

"I'm sorry, you'll have to continue ahead." Saying so, Geugeu split off from Boul Brimgan and activated his Spirit Weapon form, transforming into a thundercloud that rushed towards the Boar King.

"Brangara! This is revenge for Wittral!" Followed by a roar, Geugeu rained down lightning upon the Boar King, watching the later erect rock pillars to tank the attack.

'Another annoying guy has arrived.' The Boar King stared at the thundercloud in annoyance. But suddenly, his attention fell upon the figure reeling past the situation. At first glance, he resembled Brandal Brimgan, but had some differences.

The Boar King then stared at his severed hand and glared at Boul Brimgan, "You're strong."

"…" Boul Brimgan's gaze alternated between the Boar King and Yarsha Zahara. A glance at her Human Avatar, and his eyes lit up, 'Sumatra Gold!'

[Don't touch her Spirit Weapon or Human Avatar!]

He passed on the message to his three golden felines facing the Boar King on the ship's deck. He then stared at Fstoll Brimgan and transmitted a message using an Information Slip.

[Uncle, stall for a few minutes. I don't understand why you're facing the Boar King without father's lead, but wait for thirty minutes. I'll reinforce you shortly. Join hands with the Cooter Clan Chief. He's our ally for now.]

Fstoll Brimgan felt reassured upon seeing Boul Brimgan. Strength surged through his body as he muttered, "Boul Brimgan is here!"

"Follow His Majesty's orders!" Followed by a roar, Fstoll Brimgan began to attack the Boar King with all his might. He then used his Minor Treasure to form a projectile that slammed into Yarsha Zahara.

As she was unable to absorb the powers of Minor Treasures, the Raid Team targeted her with them while using the rest against the Boar King. With Geugeu joining the fight, they had an easier time facing the Boar King.

The Boar King now felt the pressure, unable to have enough leeway to casually unleash meteor showers across the region. Through the dozen natures of Bloody Affection, the boar King had enough Prana to continue fighting without issues.

Hovering beside him was a cloud of blood, constantly moving according to his thoughts to not be caught by Geugeu. And when necessary, a portion of it flowed into his mouth. He digested the contents in a matter of seconds to generate Prana.

But steadily, tendrils of bloody clouds floated away from his stack, getting claimed by Geugeu using the chaos to his advantage. The three golden felines were extremely cunning and nimble in their approach.

Their teeth had enough strength to rip apart the Boar King's arm. So, they were very dangerous too.

"Haah…haa…" Yarsha Zahara gasped in exhaustion, finding it hard to keep up with the high-level fight. She had been mentally exhausted for a decade. The truth regarding Ruvva's birth, the fusion of her two lives, the deaths of Yaha and Hara, and the kidnapping of all her children took a severe toll on her mental bearing.

All she wanted to do was rest for a while and not rack up her brain. But one after another, pinnacle cultivators had been targeting her. And now, the Raid Team, the golden felines, and even the Cooter Clan Chief were targeting her alongside the Boar King.

"Keuk!" She grunted as her Spirit Weapon absorbed Geugeu's lightning bolt and then released it on a golden feline, stunning it. Taking advantage of the opportunity, she used the Prime Skill of Prana Flash to flicker towards it, ignoring her legs that were severed by another golden feline.

"You're mine!" She roared and slammed her Human Avatar on the stunned golden feline, grunting in exhaustion as the latter resisted. But a second later, it was now under her control.

Grrr!

The golden feline grabbed her and leaped away from the attack of another golden feline, using its nimbleness to approach the Boar King. Two golden felines trailed parallelly to it, preventing it from rejoining the Boar King.

'She's at her limit. I can't waste time anymore. I need to hurry and flee the place. But how do I realistically flee these guys who are faster than me, especially now that they can fly without issues?' The Boar King felt pain to see that Yarsha Zahara's legs had been severed. Anger filled his being, but he controlled himself, focusing on the situation at hand that mattered. His attention then caught onto another entrance to the Attributed Region, observing an existence guarding it, 'That's my breakthrough!'

"Urgh!" Grehha stared at the sky in a daze, watching another meteor shower come his way. The screams of the people had been snuffed out by the first strike, "Monsters! These people were innocent bystanders! What did they do to you?"

A toxic vent popped open beside his head and blasted toxic fumes into his head, turning his face reddish-purple. Grehha was in a state of belief, "Is this…what you wanted, Resha?"

"Millions of people are dead because you triggered the Boar King. Do…these lives don't matter to you?" A reddish glow highlighted his face as the second meteor shower approached him. There were flashes in the sky, atop a ship. They were caused by the high-speed exchange of attacks between the Boar King and the Raid Team. "Does anything go for you as long as you're able to kill the Boar King?"

"And you…you're a hypocrite, Brangara." Grehha bit his lips in hatred, "You slaughtered millions just to vent your anger!"

To date, he had been living at the Mammoth Clan, immersing himself in research. Even though he read a lot of atrocities committed in Sumatra Chronicles, reading it and witnessing it firsthand were two different things.

The nauseating stench of burning flesh, the screams of people, of hatred, of despair, of mourning, of pain, the cacophony of noises assaulted his mind, collapsing his mental faculties.

Amidst a pile of toxic waste, with barely his head and chest protected, Grehha survived only thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity and the healing effects of his Prana. But that was just enough to survive the first attack. The resultant toxic fumes caused his body to melt as he watched the meteor shower rapidly approach him.

"The lot of you are monsters! Coldblooded monsters!" He bellowed as his head was violently crushed by a rock, "I'll eradicate you…"

"Grehha died?" Blola was alerted immediately. He was still in the process of reviving Yennda. But upon seeing that Grehha had died, he hesitated.

He could control two people upon reviving them. The list currently consisted of Yennda and Orakha. Whether or not he controlled Yennda didn't matter at present, since the latter only had Iron Grade strength.

So, he was bound to die countless times in the future. Blola could put Yennda under his control whenever he wanted. But the problem was Orakha. He didn't want to lose control over the latter, someone whose growth rocketed in the past decade.

Currently, as he was in the process of reviving Yennda, he couldn't erase his control over him. Therefore, the only other choice was to erase his control of Orakha. Only by freeing up that slot could he use it to revive Grehha.

"Do I…wait?" He muttered in hesitation before feeling intense hatred stemming from Grehha's data hidden within the Transcendent Eater's mind. As he was constantly fighting the Transcendent Eater, he could gain some minor pieces of info for every successful attack.

He already knew that Grehha had joined the fight at the Varahan Mansion, informed by his other body. 'He's a stable guy and has secluded himself at the Mammoth Clan all this time. The fact that someone like him took action must mean that there are pressing matters needing his involvement.'

"I don't want the Chief to scold me later if I delayed it." He sighed, "He's already suppressing me a lot after learning what I did at the Sticky-Slip Plateau. I should behave obediently now."

His other body was currently fleeing alongside Raaha, escaping the toxic region with the remainder of the Mammoth Clan. So, that body couldn't stop to revive Grehha, especially since it'll take at least two days to revive him.

'Since I'm supposed to guard here anyway, I better use this opportunity to revive him too.' Blola said, unconcerned about the region around him turning toxic. Even though it was harming him too, the quantity of ejected minerals had increased too, which meant his regenerating outpaced the destruction.

Whenever enough toxins entered his body, he gathered them into a branch and then severed the branch. This way, he could get rid of the toxins easily. Moreover, his roots were rapidly adjusting to the changing terrain. So, it was just a matter of time before he adapted to the terrain and treated it as a spawn point of resources for his needs.

'This is simple for a Transcendent Eater.' Blola smirked as he let go of his hold over Orakha and replaced the slot with Grehha, beginning to revive him too. He could revive two people simultaneously as long as he had enough resources, which wasn't an issue at the place.

But a few minutes after he started to revive Grehha, Blola was stunned to see his body grow stiff. Suddenly, intense pulling force acted upon his body, causing blood to flow out of his carnivorous mouths.

In the sky was the Boar King, grinning as he downed the blood, 'This is nutrient-rich and filled with Gold Grade Prana, exactly what I need.'

"It seems endless." He continued to drink Blola's blood which didn't stop flowing. After all, the Transcendent Eater was rapidly creating blood as its roots consumed the minerals from the ground.

His Mystic Grade Pranic Beast body's digestive system allowed the Boar King to rapidly digest the Transcendent Eater's blood which was equally nutrient-rich as an Empyrean Tusk and was endless. His Prana values jumped up as the Boar King spammed artillery strikes at his enemies, able to maintain it consistently while accumulating Prana for a stronger attack.



Chapter 526 Emperor Boul Brimgan

Boul Brimgan continued to travel as a projectile through the air, soon observing a network of Spirit Weapons forming a wall to defend against a meteor shower aimed at the capital. At the forefront of the defensive front was Bronsk Brimgan.

"Brother!" Bronsk Brimgan was surprised for a moment before hollering in excitement, "You've returned quicker than I had expected!"

"Follow me," Boul Brimgan didn't stop his momentum to talk to Bronsk Brimgan, lacking the time to do so. He continued to fall towards the capital and spoke upon seeing Bronsk Brimgan keep up with him by riding a flying boat, "It's thanks to the Cooter Clan that I arrived so soon. It would have taken me a few days otherwise. But,"

He stared at the flying boat, "What happened to the eye?"

"It went away after killing a body of the Boar King." Bronsk Brimgan said as he handed over an Information Slip, "We'll be able to fly until its return."

Boul Brimgan accessed the Information Slip and got the blueprint for a variety of flying-type Spirit Weapons. He created a simple boat and used it to reduce his momentum as he approached the palace, saying in a hurry, "Where's father?"

"He's underground," Bronsk Brimgan said in a hurry, "Only the Emperor can visit that place."

"Aren't you one now?" Boul Brimgan said with a tone of authority, "The situation is urgent. So, let's head there now."

"Father's strength is a necessity to face the Boar King." He continued, "The closer we get to killing him, the more extreme his actions would become. I'm confident of killing his body that's facing the Raid Team now. But before he dies, at least a quarter of the Brimgan Empire will be destroyed."

"I observed the border as I was sent flying here by the 1st Empyrean Snapper." Boul Brimgan's expression hardened as he glared at Bronsk Brimgan, "Where are our Royals? There's a smaller number than my memories."

"More than a hundred died to mysterious causes." Bronsk Brimgan bowed his head in shame, "We were unable to figure out the cause."

"All the more reason to visit father now." Boul Brimgan said and began to make way to the secluded elevator hidden deep within the palace.

Bronsk Brimgan couldn't refute his statement and could follow along in silence. If not for Boul Brimgan being given an important mission for the benefit of the Brimgan Empire, the one being labelled Emperor after Brandal Brimgan wouldn't have been Bronsk Brimgan.

Whether in terms of strength, intelligence, capability, or growth potential, Bronsk Brimgan paled in comparison to Boul Brimgan. He was already hesitant to become the Emperor and had only taken up post because the situation necessitated it and there wasn't a better candidate.

But the chaos happening at the Brimgan Empire clearly displayed his incapability. After a moment's hesitation, Bronsk Brimgan stopped at the entrance to the elevator and brought out a body. He plunged his hand into the body's chest and carefully yanked out a lung where a Minor Treasure had been fused.

He then kneeled on the ground and presented the lung to Boul Brimgan, "Only the Emperor can go beyond this point. Irrespective of the situation, I'm unwilling to go against the Empire's rules. Hence, I'm transferring my authority to you, brother. You're clearly the one more suited to the throne."

"Are you…sure?" Boul Brimgan was stunned by the declaration as he stared at the lung. It was a Minor Treasure whose only purpose was to display the legitimacy of the Emperor. Basically, it was the Emperor's seal.

Minor Treasure—Brimgan Seal!

When activated, it would transform the Spirit Weapon into a certain seal, using which the Emperor could access sealed regions of the Brimgan Empire, those granted access only to the Emperor, such as the Golden Giant.

"Weren't you the most desperate to become the Emperor?" Boul Brimgan gazed at the kneeling figure calmly, "I took on the mission to leave the Empire precisely due to your machinations."

"That was in the past, brother. I admit that I was hungry for power, but once I became the Emperor, I knew immediately that I wasn't suited to it." Bronsk Brimgan's voice trembled as he said in defeat, "Mother is the one who stabilised the political situation and made most of the plans on my behalf. I…failed to come up with anything half-decent for the situation at hand. It's my uselessness that despite our power, the situation progressed to such a devastating extent."

"I beg you, brother." Bronsk Brimgan stared at Boul Brimgan, "Please lead us as the Brimgan Emperor! Your strength and wisdom are a necessity. Our longstanding Empire might collapse under my rule."

He expressed his fear, "I have been having nightmares about my incompetence…"

"Don't put yourself down too much, brother." Boul Brimgan sighed as he patted Bronsk Brimgan on the shoulder and accepted the lung, fusing the Minor Treasure into his lung, "Heal your injury and prepare yourself for battle."

"As the pinnacle cultivators of the Free Human Race, it's our job to handle the disasters coming our way." He entered the elevator and began to travel underground.

The Brimgan Royals in charge of maintaining it noticed the Brimgan Seal in his presence, smiling happily in response as they accelerated the elevator, their thoughts the same.

'His Majesty has arrived!'

During their fight for the throne, Boul Brimgan's popularity was stellar. If he hadn't left the Brimgan Empire, he would have been titled the Crown Prince. And now, his supporters naturally accepted his reign.

Fstoll Brimgan addressed him as the Emperor even before he obtained the Brimgan Seal. And that was the general thought process among the Brimgan Royals. They had too much pride. Hence, they would only be able to wholeheartedly serve someone vastly superior to them in terms of strength, talent, and capability.

Boul Brimgan was that candidate for the current generation.

The elevator reached the 300-kilometre-long tunnel as Boul Brimgan created a bullet-shaped boat and flew along the path, taking less than ten minutes to reach the end. Sonic booms reverberated long after he left the spot, travelling at supersonic speeds.

"Is this the place?" Boul Brimgan arrived before the Golden Giant, frowning upon failing to sense Brandal Brimgan's presence anywhere. He looked around, noticing that the place was pristine, unnaturally so.

"Something's happening to him." He concluded as his Spirit Weapon hovered at the spot in the ceiling where Brandal Brimgan had lodged his Spirit Weapon to use psychokinesis to hover in the Golden Giant's belly.

Orakha too used the same spot and entered the Golden Giant by using his Mystic Eaters as a harness. Even though Orakha tried to erase traces of himself from the area, it was a sloppy work since he was short on time and rushed into the Attributed Region.

Since he had the belief of there being no foreign interference in the place thanks to what Virala had made Brandal Brimgan say at the palace before, Orakha didn't spend too much time cleaning up the place.

Boul Brimgan soon detected the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint buried deep underground. Upon detecting the familiar presence emanating from it, tears streamed down from Boul Brimgan's eyes.

He stared at the Golden Giant, understanding upon seeing twenty Minor Treasures embedded in its eyes, when originally, there were just supposed to be twelve. The newly added Minor Treasures were those used by Brandal Brimgan.

'Someone managed to infiltrate deep into our territory, dealt with Father without causing a speck of disturbance, and has been using this place for their benefit.' He glared at the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint for a moment and walked towards the Golden Giant.

"Now's not the time to deal with whoever was responsible for this. First, I must protect my Empire." He approached the Golden Giant, clasped his palms respectfully, and seeped his Prana into the heart, making contact with the Major Treasure of Deity, "Ancestor, I will have to temporarily use your power. The Empire's fate is at stake, so please forgive my disrespect."

He approached the Major Treasure of Deity, one shaped like a spinal cord, and touched it, watching it instantly fuse into his body. An incomparable amount of power filled his being as all the influence built in the Golden Giant flowed into his body.

Mystic Kinesis Art!

The data regarding his cultivation technique churned in response under the influence and rearranged itself into a more finished product.

"Argh!" Boul Brimgan screamed as he felt like his head was about to burst, feeling the entirety of information in his mind space being sucked by the Major Treasure. Soon, he collapsed to the floor with a blank stare.

The influence continued to pour in his body as the Major Treasure completed its fusion, causing a sea of information to flood his mindspace. His eyes recovered their sentient glint as Boul Brimgan gasped, "Khack! Hah…haaah! I felt like my soul was wrung out!"

The Brimgan Empire's cultivation technique was now completed at its pinnacle form as the Mystic Kinesis Art. As it whirred into function, the remaining influence within the Golden Giant seeped into his body and refined his remaining Spirit Weapons into the golden felines.

Minor Treasure—Kinesis Feline!

Now, he had ten of them, reaching his peak battle potential. Strength welled up in his body as Boul Brimgan now felt confident enough to face the Boar King, sensing as he closed his eyes, 'One of my Kinesis Felines has either been destroyed or stolen. It might have been that woman's power.'

"A Human Avatar made out of Sumatra Gold." His expression was solemn as he bowed towards the Golden Giant that had dulled after the Major Treasure of Deity was extracted from it. He boarded his bullet-shaped boat and sped towards the palace, commanding Bronsk Brimgan once he was outside, "Follow me, brother."

"We need to take care of the chaos of our Empire."

"Yes, Your Majesty!" Bronsk Brimgan bowed in response and climbed aboard the bullet-shaped boat that sped towards the Boar King.

"Attack!" Boul Brimgan unleashed pulses of Prana and activated the Major Treasure of Deity.

"What the…fuck is this?" The Boar King muttered in shock as the two golden felines targeting him stopped all of a sudden and let out faint purrs.

And then, their bodies began to grow in size. From its original length of 3.6 metres, it turned into a giant reaching a length exceeding 15 metres, almost touching 16 metres. Its tail spanned another ten metres, behaving like a whip as its ends broke through the sound barrier every time it whipped around.

Its muscles became pronounced as exoskeleton armour grew all over it, turning it into a muscly tank. Its agility actually increased as compared to before as the presence it exuded elevated from Silver Grade to Gold Grade.

"Tch!" Yarsha Zahara grunted as the golden feline under her control began to resist. She hurriedly poured in the Prana gained from consuming Blola's blood and wrestled for control, trying to dominate it, "Stay…PUT!"

Grrr!

The Boar King's artillery strike slammed into the two golden felines, only managing to make them flinch in response. Their bodies of Rutham became tougher as the effects of psychokinesis further reinforced them.

Glaring at the Boar King, a golden feline opened its mouth as Prana churned in it, and transformed into a condensed sphere that exploded, unleashing a beam at its target.



Chapter 527 Blame It All on The Boar King

Rushing through Compartment 8-M were Harla Brimgan and her group, in a hurry as she could observe mysterious figures rush through Compartments 8-L and 8-N, rapidly defeating the Attributed Creatures.

'Are they the cause behind the disappearance of our hundred Royals?' She thought, worried upon noticing that these mysterious females were strong, tremendously so.

One of the females condensed a bone hammer and slammed it onto an Attributed Creature, causing a good chunk of its body to splash around in response. The group of females rapidly proceeded through the safe route and returned promptly to deal damage once again. In a matter of minutes, an Attributed Creature had been disposed of.

"We need to hurry!" Harla Brimgan's expression turned fierce as she figured out the identities of the females, 'They are Empyrean Tusks! The lot of them! Only then do their insane strength and physical speed make sense. I don't know how they possess human forms…Loot! He was the same!'

'Were his actions merely preparing for the Mammoth Clan's infiltration into the Brimgan Empire?' She became stunned at the revelation, 'My goodness! We didn't even consider such a possibility!'

While Harla Brimgan was freaking out, Amita Brimgan and Dhya—Wittral's female form—were subtly conversing through Water Slips. In Amita's pocket was a container of water that was being infused with information by Wittral. Through the Water Slip Skill and Mystic Mist Art, Amita transformed the Water Slip into a cloud and ate it like it was cotton candy.

The group was equipped with a bunch of Elixirs and were regularly consuming them. She merely treated the Water Slip as such and stealthily consumed it. And once she comprehended the information, she performed the same to the container of water in Dhya's possession.

[Did your male form bring the Mammoth Clan here?]

[I'm not sure. I was contacted by my male body a few days ago, but all I was told was that things were going according to plan and that I only needed to worry about reaching the Attribute on time.]

[If your male form wasn't the cause, then what is happening here?]

Wittral was confused as either side he faced, the respective Compartments were gradually being occupied by a group of women with the power of an Empyrean Tusk. As they were in different Compartments, he couldn't sense their presence to truly confirm their identities.

But as a fellow Deity, he could judge by observing their poise, graceful movements, and absolute power that these women were indeed Empyrean Tusks, and rather strong ones at that.

Suddenly, he felt a boom of thunder resound in his mind as all the dots became connected. He observed one of the women use a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a Storage Lantern and move it around at speeds beyond what an Empyrean Tusk was normally capable of.

It wasn't just that. But from time to time, the women turned into giants, gaining an extra height of three metres, an effect only unleashed through Kinesis Deity. 'Maroppa!'

Maroppa was able to convert the Nature of Kinesis Deity under the influence of Mystic Mist Art and Subtle Terrain Domination into a form suitable for an Empyrean Snapper. And upon seeing a similar Kinesis Deity that was attuned to the power of an Empyrean Tusk confirmed his suspicions, 'Maroppa made a deal with the Mammoth Clan.'

'That explains their newfound power.' He clenched his hand into a fist in worry, unable to judge whether the Empyrean Tusks were allies or not. It would be fine if they were allies. But otherwise, things would get messy, especially since a casual glance spotted a dozen of them.

'Do I talk to her about it?' He glanced at Amita for a moment, observing the latter's eyes were red, with veins popping to a visible extent. Her undereye was puffy, her skin was dry, and she seemed to have lost a bit of weight as compared to the previous day.

Having lived with Amita for a long time, Wittral could judge the latter's mental state, 'She's stressed to the extreme. It makes sense, since without getting the Attribute, she would be unable to live a normal life with me.'

'Guess I'll have to protect her.' He firmed his mind, deciding to not reveal any details to Amita, 'Even though she's one of the smartest women I've known, she has a lot of fragile moments. This is one such situation. Revealing Maroppa's origin and her deal with the Mammoth Clan would only distract her from her goal.'

A shake of his head later, Wittral placed all the thoughts to the back of his mind, focusing on the task at hand as he participated in their fights, increasing the pace at which they dealt with the Attributed Creatures.

"I'm the weakest, so I'll stay behind and guard this gate." One of the team members said as the group obtained all the available keys to Compartment 7-M.

One after another, the weakest in the group stayed behind at the gates while the remainder of the group headed deeper into the Attributed Region. Steadily, their pace was increasing as Wittral began to reveal more and more of his abilities.

"You…!" Harla Brimgan was stunned to see that when they reached Compartment 4-M, the extent of strength Wittral displayed was on par with her. "Who are you? How are you this strong?"

"Tell me!" She activated her Nature of Kinesis Deity and transformed into a twelve-metre-tall golden giant, condensing a massive drill-shaped Spirit Weapon beside her. She activated the Skill of Spirit Weapon Switch and brought out four more Spirit Weapons, aiming them at Amita and Dhya, "Tell me, Amita. Are you in cahoots with this woman? How's she as strong as me while only at the Body Stage?"

"Amita," Wittral said, his words acting as a signal as Amita Brimgan coiled four strings of Prana around his back. There was a stir in the air as Wittral assumed his Empyrean Snapper form, his expansion sending everything flying away due to the rapidness at which he assumed his Pranic Beast form.

He had only transformed for a fraction of a second, which was more than enough to send Harla Brimgan and the two Free Humans accompanying her flying towards the walls of the Compartment.

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

Taking advantage of the surprise attack, Wittral activated his Primary Nature, accurately targeting Harla Brimgan and the other two to send them flying through the gate connecting Compartment 5-M to Compartment 4-M.

"You're an Empyrean Snapper!" Harla Brimgan screamed shrilly as she retracted the dome-shaped Spirit Weapon brought out to protect her and her two teammates. She glared at Amita Brimgan, feeling betrayed, "I trusted you. The Empire treated you well. And you pay our graciousness with betrayal? Fucking wench!"

"Your Majesty!" One of her teammates hurriedly grabbed her and pulled her back right as she was about to jump through the gate.

"Why did you do it?" She snapped at her teammate, only to realise a moment later as she patted her body, realising what had happened, "My Key! Where's my key?"

The key that would lead her to Compartment 4-M had been snatched by Wittral when he transformed into an Empyrean Snapper. Through Subtle Terrain Domination, he was able to sneakily snatch the key from her pocket. And as he had only stolen the key to Compartment 4-M, Harla Brimgan remained unaware, for the remaining keys that she had collected until now were still in her possession.

"Sneaky Bitch!" She glared at Dhya, "The Cooter Clan will pay for disgracing the Brimgan Empire!"

Had her teammate been a tad late in stopping her, she would have been destroyed by the gate. It a was scummy but calculated move from Wittral. And she felt victim to it wondrously. Now, Harla Brimgan was unable to move forward on Path M.

"Quick! Let's go to Path N!" She said and rushed to deal with an Attributed Creature. They already had two keys leading to Compartment 5-N and only needed one more. With that, they could proceed through Path N and reach the Attribute on time.

And since she knew Wittral's identity now, the latter could no longer ambush her using the element of surprise. With her strength, she was more than capable of holding her own against an Empyrean Snapper.

The current her was strong enough to go toe-to-toe with Wittral. But once Wittral gains experience with his new abilities, he'll begin to overpower her, especially after assuming his Empyrean Snapper form and activating the Secondary Nature of Empyrean Mist Deity. He'd become a humanoid Empyrean Snapper, a mountainous human-shaped giant with turtle shell armour and a neck reaching a length of two kilometres at the very least.

Before such a creature, Harla Brimgan would be no different from a mosquito. They wouldn't even be in the same dimension of comparison. But at present, even Wittral didn't know the full extent of his capabilities.

Thirty minutes of furious battle later, Harla Brimgan managed to destroy an Attributed Creature in Compartment 5-N, only to have the key snatched by a metre-long worm that appeared from out of nowhere.

"Thank you, Your Majesty!" It was Virala in his Mystic Ewworm form, ignoring the safe routes as he directly slithered through the region bombarded by the rain. His tiny form worked to his advantage, as it allowed him to easily crawl through the gaps between the impact location of the raindrops.

Moreover, his Mystic Ewworm form was agile enough to react to any droplet heading his way. There was a second for the droplet to go from the ceiling to the floor, which was more than enough duration to curve his tiny body out of harm's way.

Upon reaching the end of the Compartment, Virala reverted to human form and stretched his aching muscles, "That took a toll on me. I still need more practice."

"How are you here?" Harla Brimgan screamed in horror, "What have you done to my husband?"

"You're still asking that?" Virala laughed with a tone of mockery as he pointed to the surface, "The Boar King is ramping in the Brimgan Empire now. No matter what enmity we had between each other, at the end of the day, I'm his precious younger brother."

Saying so, he transformed into a miniature Empyrean Boar King form, grinning as his voice resounded in the Compartment, thundering in Harla Brimgan's mind, "Do I need to explain further?"

"My husband's…dead?" Harla Brimgan collapsed to the floor in despair, "Brandal Brimgan is…dead? Someone as strong as him died? Just like that?"

"He did put up a decent fight, but it wasn't anything special." Virala shrugged and ignored Harla Brimgan's vengeful screams as he passed through the gate, turning around to see a Spirit Weapon slam into the gate but fail to pass through.

'I'll ensure that you survive, Harla. After all, I need you alive to carry this hatred back to the Brimgan Empire.' He concealed the grin forming on his face, whistled casually, and began to speed towards the closest Attributed Creature.

"Even an Empyrean Snapper has joined the race? Who the fuck is that?" Virala stared at the figure of Dhya in the adjacent Compartment in confusion, "How the heck did I never detect the existence of such a powerhouse?"



Chapter 528 Think Quick, Brangara

﻿﻿"You three stay inside." Resha transformed into a Centinger and used the larger mouth to swallow Barla, Brana, and Baga. Once they were constricted in his stomach biome, Resha held Braga by the neck and seated himself.

His figure floated into the air before the gravitational waves caused him to fly through Compartment 10-K.

"Bastarddd!" An angry roar resounded behind him as the Boar King rushed through the flight of stairs and barged into the same compartment, staring at the figure of Resha flying towards an Attributed Creature.

"Think quick!" Saying so, Resha tossed Braga towards the Attributed Creature and pointed towards the raindrops, "Can you reach your son before the rain does?"

A conical field of gravity had been attached to Braga, pulling him in the direction of the Attributed Creature. Once he was in range, the Attributed Creature used its whip spear, intending to pierce him.

"Stop!" The Boar King roared as by now, all Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity in his Astral Chart had been activated. His figure flickered and arrived before Braga, extending his hand to grab the tip of the whip spear that was about to pierce his son.

His other hand extended to grab Braga, but missed when the latter's body unnaturally moved away from him, as if repelled by him.

Prime Skill—Gravity Funnel!

It created a cone-shaped gravity field that Resha could keep on himself. The larger portion of the cone would envelop him while the tip would face the target. This way, whatever attacks he launches, irrespective of the direction, would all flow through the cone and land on the tip.

Through his Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone, Resha refined Braga's skeleton into a form similar to the bones of an Empyrean Tusk. And by doing this, he infused the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity in the skeleton.

As a result, Braga's body was as light as a feather now, making it easy for his body to be moved around with the faintest of forces. Attached to him next were two Gravity Funnels. The first Gravity Funnel was an attractive type, pulling Braga towards the Attributed Creature.

The second Gravity Funnel was the repulsive type, meant to keep him away from the Boar King. As a result, when the Boar King approached him, Braga's body moved away naturally, like the North Poles of two magnets facing each other.

Resha unleashed a Gravity Funnel of his own to pull Braga towards strategic locations, forcing the Boar King to attack the Attributed Creature that was targeting his son. 'Become more frustrated, Brangara. Things are just starting. There's more waiting for you.'

"Die!" The Boar King roared and unleashed a full-powered punch, splattering the Attributed Creature's body. Only then did he notice that using the momentum behind his punch, a Gravity Funnel had been attached to the key within the Attributed Creature.

And when its body splattered from the punch, the key flew into Resha's grasp while Braga flew towards another Attributed Creature.

It was as if Resha was able to calculate the time required by the Boar King to dispatch an Attributed Creature. After all, while Braga flew through a path that had perfectly opened up, the Boar King would have to go through the rainfall if he wanted to save his son.

There was no time left to think as the Attributed creature observed Braga's approach and attacked immediately. "Stop! Please, stop!"

The Boar King rushed through the rain, feeling his bones fracture by the impacts. If not for the over twenty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity that he had activated, he would have died to a single raindrop.

But it didn't matter, for he still took significant damage from each droplet. His figure was bloody as he arrived before Braga, using the gravity unleashed by his massive stomach biome to lock his son in place, ensuring the latter wouldn't evade his grasp.

He then felt the presence of another Gravity Funnel being attached to him, one trying to focus the rainfall through a wide region onto his head. "Bastard! I'll kill you after this!"

"That's my line," Resha said and increased the strength of his Gravity Funnel, causing Braga's figure to move away as many droplets of rain fell upon the Boar King, disrupting his actions. He was already in the Attributed Creature's range and was targeted by it next.

Braga's body floated behind the Attributed Creature as its whip spear curved around and pierced his thigh. It was aiming for the head but missed as the Boar King grabbed it and rapidly yanked it towards him, "Don't!"

The Attributed Creature was incomparably heavy. Even Resha had no confidence in moving its body. The group of Empyrean Tusks accompanying Inala barely managed to cause ripples on its body with their strongest attacks.

They had to use Gravity Bombs to deal a decent blow, all while guarding against the droplets of water that might splash in response to the explosion.

The Boar King was the sole existence in Sumatra who could grab the Attributed Creature by its shoulder and yank it towards him, and follow it with a knee kick to the face, denting it in response.

Veins popped alarmingly across his body as the Boar King grunted, ripping apart the Attributed Creature's arms. His body was bloody, for he tanked both the rainfall and the splashes from the Attributed Creature's body.

Its attacks too were dangerous as it kicked at him, managing to stab a couple of centimetres into his gut.

Prime Skill—Graviton Gun!

Through his Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone, Resha condensed bullets with strength on par with the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk and infused copious amounts of Perfect Inertial Gravity in it. A Gravity Funnel attached it to the neck of the Boar King as Resha launched it.

Once it left his hold, its density increased to a terrifying extent, moving in a curved path to avoid touching the rain. A powerful gravitational field surrounded the bullet radially, allowing it to perceive all objects.

The field was repulsive in nature. And hence, when a raindrop approached it, the bullet naturally repelled itself away from the droplet, avoiding contact. And since the Gravity Funnel targeted it towards the Boar King's neck, no matter how much it curved away, the end of its path was the targeted spot.

The Prime Skill of Graviton Gun was a complex technique that Resha spent over a decade trying to create, practice, and perfect to a practical extent. It had pin-point accuracy and could evade all attacks to strike dead-on the target.

Boom!

The bullet's density increased to its limit and slammed into the Boar King's neck, displaying enough force to crane his head by a couple of centimetres. This was a level of power on par with the Attributed Creature's attacks.

Moving his head by a couple of centimetres might not seem like much, but considering how he was being reinforced by over twenty Natures of Internal Inertial Gravity, it was a display of Resha's strength.

Moreover, these two centimetres meant a world of difference. When the Boar King evaded the Attributed Creature's whip-

spear by tilting his head to the side, the bullet's slam placed his hand back in the line of attack, causing him to be injured.

The whip-spear pierced through his cheek, stopping when it hit his teeth and lodged halfway. The Boar King crunched hard and shattered the whip-spear, bombarding a rain of attacks on the Attributed Creature until it was pummelled into oblivion.

"Hahh! Haah!" His knuckles had been shaved off from the flurry of attacks he launched on the Attributed Creature. Prana surged into the region and began to regenerate his fingers rapidly. A fraction of a second later, the Boar King recovered his focus, observing while being bombarded by rain that Braga was now back in Resha's grasp.

"You need to move fast, Brangara," Resha said as he held two keys leading into Compartment 9-K. He pointed at the adjacent Compartment and said, "You need to hurry and go to 10-L, get the key to 9-L, and then a key to 9-K to reach me."

"Don't delay, unless you want to see another kid of yours die!" He launched and leaped back, passing through the gate to enter Compartment 9-K, watching the Boar King slam into the gate a moment later.

"BASTARD!" The Boar King was incensed as he observed his hand rapidly getting shaved and dissolved by the gate. And immediately in response, new Attributed Creatures began to grow in Compartment 10-K.

Only then did he notice a bunch of Gravity Funnels latching on him. He stared to the side, his eyes widening due to a flurry of shock, stress, and tension, watching the Attributed Creatures birthed through Inala's blood stare his way.

As they were too far away, they didn't notice the Boar King amidst the rain. But now, the Gravity Funnel acting on them subconsciously caused their steps to face the Boar King's direction, and in response detect him once they approached close enough.

Veins popped in his eyes, turning them crimson as the Boar King watched Resha casually walk deeper into Compartment 9-K and cut off the broken leg of Braga. Resha displayed his insanity by killing two of his kids already.

And now, he was trying to kill the Boar King by steadily using his children as bait. Even though the Boar King knew Resha's plan, he couldn't do anything else, for the initiative lay with Resha.

All of the Boar King's children were in his possession now.

"You're still not fast enough," Resha muttered as he seeped Prana into Braga to suppress Yennda's disease for a few seconds, causing the latter to wake up. A second of confusion later, Braga's face twisted in pain.

"Braga!" The Boar King roared as he churned more and more strength in his body, summoning a Bolt of Transcendence to strike the Attributed Region. When it slammed into the gate while trying to target him, the Boar King punched through, ignoring his hands that dissolved in response.

As a small hole formed in the gate, the Boar King leaped through it. The hole closed quickly and severed his legs. But a surge of Prana later, his legs healed as the Boar King felt goosebumps, raging to an extent he had never experienced even when he had to swallow his race. The cause was his son's voice, one in pain so much that death might have been mercy.

"FATHERRRR!"



Chapter 529 Give Up On Your Children

What was the fastest way to reach the Major Treasure of Attribute? Inala's answer was teamwork here. The group of Empyrean Tusks proceeded through all paths.

And if the team in a certain path were unlucky, some Empyrean Tusks from the two adjacent paths would come in to reinforce them. This way, even though only six Empyrean Tusks were moving in a path, when things became difficult, they could group up to form a team of eighteen Empyrean Tusks and deal with all their troubles.

The teams moved in such a dynamic fashion, intending to camp at Layer 5. After all, six people could enter Layer 5 from each path of Layer 6. Empyrean Tusks from three paths would join in a path to form a team of three and then move through the three Compartments to gather other resources.

Only five could enter Layer 4 per Path from Layer 5. So, one had to stay behind anyway. From here, the teams of Empyrean Tusks had two tasks.

First was resource collection. Precious minerals and even Minor Treasures would appear from Layer 5. They had been ignoring all the resources until then since even the most basic resource was hidden within an Attributed Creature. So, they had to collect them now that they were forming a base.

Second was defence. Any other parties that reached Layer 5 had to be dealt with immediately. This was to ensure no external forces would interrupt Inala's claim to the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Virala's plan was simple. Using his tiny Mystic Ewworm form, he could slither through the Compartments without fear of the rainfall. Hence, the only time he spent was to remove a key from an Attributed Creature.

Since he only needed one key, he was rapidly approaching Inala. Next was Orakha. His original plan was pretty meticulous too. But after joining hands with Virala, he took the easier route and placed a Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint in Virala's body.

When Virala reaches Layer 0, Orakha would revive there. This was the price he asked to place one of the Minor Treasures in Ruvva. This was to protect Ruvva in case the situation was dire.

It would take time for Virala to arrive at her rescue. But Orakha could kill himself and revive beside Ruvva instantly to protect her. Best of all, since he placed his Orakha's Checkpoint in her body, he could detect her condition without issues.

So, the moment Ruvva was in danger, he would know. Basically, Virala wanted Orakha to protect Ruvva. The price for this was him carrying an Orakha's Checkpoint too.

Virala and Orakha would duke it out to lay claim upon Attribute, and the most capable one would obtain it. Because of the complexity of the situation at hand, they decided on this, for it was their best bet.

Accompanied by Wittral, Amita wasn't too slow either, almost on par with Virala's approach. Virala would be faster than her in reaching the centre due to his advantages, but she wouldn't be too late.

Inala was the closest to the Major Treasure of Attribute. This was an undisputed fact. Resha could see that the Mammoth Clan was heavily supporting Inala, judging by the Attributed Creatures that resembled Inala.

He observed the same in other Compartments too. It meant that a group was moving for Inala's success and had been exceedingly successful until now. This group managed to heavily suppress both the Brimgan Empire's participants and powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Only the Mammoth Clan was capable of it. Or rather, the Empyrean Tusks ought to have personally taken action to display such overwhelming power.

A Gold Grade Pranic Beast reached Layer 6, the fastest among them, only to be ganged up by a group of six Empyrean Tusks and killed in a matter of seconds. When it died, the keys it had obtained merged into the ground and reappeared in their original compartments, opening a new slot for those in the Tenth Layer to obtain and enter the Ninth Layer.

The successful one would begin making its way through the Layers. As many continued to die, their respective keys began to appear in the original compartments, allowing new competitors to join the race.

Resha had zero intentions to join the race. After all, he had a cheat code, one that would directly bring him to the centre, and at the fastest speed.

Boar King!

"Look, your son is dying. His name was…Braga, right?" Resha flew across the place, watching the Boar King tail right behind him. His figure flickered and swerved past an Attributed Creature. A dense field of gravity condensed in his hand as he threw it onto the Attributed Creature, causing it to be attracted towards the Boar King.

A tremendous force of attraction was already being generated by the Boar King's body that resembled a celestial body in terms of mass now, on the level of a small moon. Hence, he was naturally pulling the rain and everything else in his surroundings closer towards himself, which was why Resha's attacks worked so well.

He was using the Boar King's gravitational field against himself. Both the Boar King and the Attributed Creature's bodies were heavy, generating a field of gravity whose effects could be felt by all cultivators.

When Resha amplified that through External Inertial Gravity, these two heavy bodies were naturally attracted towards each other. As a result, the Boar King had no other choice but to destroy the Attributed Creature, for only then could he break free.

And until he did that, Resha revolved around the Attributed Creature. Normally, travelling at such speeds was impossible as he would physically tire out. But now that the eye had retreated, he could fly freely.

So, once he turned his body weightless, Resha could fly at speeds on par with the Boar King's running pace.

In the Ninth Layer, the Attributed Creatures stood atop geysers, making it dangerous to approach them. The only realistic way to reach its top is to surf through the geyser when it forms a pattern allowing one to do so.

The instructions and timings for the pattern's arrival were engraved on the monoliths scattered across the various Compartments.

Followed by a flicker, Resha unleashed a stream of bullets, taking advantage of the surfing time to poke open a hole, Resha threw Braga inside and flew past the geyser.

Boom!

The Boar King slammed a punch at the bottom portion of the geyser, clearing it out to ensure the water wouldn't reach his son.

With the geyser cut off, the Attributed Creature standing on its top fell to the floor, in its way was Braga.

"Shit!" The Boar King unleashed a thrust to stop his momentum by turning his body weightless as his figure shot back toward his son, noticing a Gravity Funnel form between Braga and the falling Attributed Creature.

"Fuck you, Resha! If you're a man, face me! Why the fuck are you targeting my children?" The Boar King roared, desperately unleashing the strongest of his thrusts as he activated over a dozen Natures of Prana Shock and slammed them into the Attributed Creature, intending to slow it as much as possible.

"Son!" The Boar King cranked his gravitational field to the limit to overcome the force of repulsion between him and Braga, shouting in relief upon managing to catch his son. Their figures barely moved past the Attributed Creature, avoiding a head-on collision.

But the Attributed Creature wasn't a living being, lacking the intention of self-preservation. It simply attacked the Boar King when the latter was in its range, stabbing its whip-spear through his leg.

Its other whip spear coiled around his hip. And as it fell, it dragged him to the floor.

"Argh!" The Boar King intended to push Braga away to safety and infused Internal Inertial Gravity in the latter's body for safety, only then realising that the Gravity Funnel pulled Braga closer to the Attributed Creature. "Dammit!"

"Let…GO!" The Boar King roared as he ripped apart the Attributed Creature's arms and kicked it faster to the ground. Followed by a thrust, he caught his son again and increased the latter's density so that the pulling force of the Gravity Funnel would become negligible.

Upon succeeding in the effort, the Boar King subconsciously felt relieved momentarily, stunned to see a shadow loom above him as Resha roared maniacally and transformed into an Empyrean Tusk, instantly assuming battle state.

"Shit!" The Boar King realised that he had fallen prey to another trap of Resha, hurriedly assuming his Empyrean Boar King form in an effort to tank the attack. His mouth opened, intending to store Braga in the safety of his stomach biome, only to notice the latter's skeleton erupt with Prana and influence his Spirit Container, causing him to assume his Empyrean Boar form.

His Empyrean Boar form was too large for the Boar King to swallow. His expression was distraught as he observed his son's face expressing unbearable pain.

"F-Father…" Braga muttered, shedding tears in despair upon seeing Resha's Empyrean Tusk form somersault in the air like a Beyblade, condense a gigantic hammer at the end of its trunk and slam the Boar King with it, sending his heavy body reeling into the ground.

Boom!

The Attributed Region rumbled faintly as the Boar King slammed into the ground, atop the Attributed Creature. Its body did splatter from the impact, but not before shattering the Boar King's spine due to its ridiculous density and toughness.

"Please…don't worry about me, Father!" Braga muttered weakly as the influence from his skeleton vanished, causing his Spirit Container to deactivate his transformation, "My entire body is being controlled. You…need to save yourself!"

Cough!

The Boar King couldn't react as her nervous system failed after his spine was shattered. Prana surged at the location, intending to heal it, but it would take a few seconds at the very least. But, Resha had no intentions of letting up the attacks.

'I'll keep pushing you to recklessly attack the Attributed Region. Soon, even you'll hit your limit.' Resha thought as he reverted to human form, grabbed Braga by the neck and shouted at the Boar King, "It seems you don't care about your son too much. Then, what about one more?"

He took out Baga and held him too by the neck, grinning upon seeing the Boar King force himself to get up before he managed to heal himself, "There's an easy solution to stop your suffering, Brangara."

"You only need to give up on your children."



Chapter 530 Escape, Blola

﻿﻿'Shit! How am I supposed to escape from this situation?' Blola thought in worry as his roots dug deeper into the ground and tried their best to absorb as much minerals as possible. After all, the Boar King was rapidly devouring all the blood being generated in his Transcendent Eater form.

The roots surged into the tunnel formed by Gannala underground as stalks jutted into the place, layering the walls of the tunnel. Two branches rushed inside, carrying a fruit each. Growing in the first fruit was Yennda while the second was Grehha.

Once the revival process was started, it couldn't be stopped. An actual Transcendent Eater could pause and resume the revival process as it pleased, but Blola didn't have that authority. Most of the Transcendent Eater's powers were still in its possession.

Hence, Blola hid them in this underground tunnel. He currently had two objectives to focus on more than guarding the entrance. First was to ensure he wasn't consumed by the Boar King.

The moment the Boar King gains the Transcendent Eater's Nature, he'd know everything about their trump card—being able to revive.

In the worst-case scenario, the Transcendent Eater's power consumes the Boar King from within and births a genuine Transcendent Eater, unlike Blola's watered-down version. If that happens, Sumatra Continent would be destroyed overnight.

Therefore, he had to ensure to spread his roots as widely underground as possible and move his Spirit Container through the ends. This way, the Boar King wouldn't be able to devour him. All he would be consuming is a portion of the Transcendent Eater's body, which could regenerate endlessly.

Second was to protect the two fruits from Yarsha Zahara. These fruits were the condensation of the Transcendent Eater's Primary Nature. Therefore, they could be directly consumed by her Human Avatar.

If she manages to come in contact with them through her Human Avatar, the two fruits would fall under her control. Basically, she'll be able to control Yennda and Grehha once they revive.

Even if the fruits end up getting destroyed now, since she already gained possession of them, as long as she has enough Prana, Yarsha Zahara would be able to revive them.

The only way to stop her in that case was for his other body to revive Yennda and Grehha first. But even in that case, the moment any of them were to die in the future, she'd know at the same time as Blola.

And if she begins to revive them first, then the situation would become disastrous.

Blola didn't have a complete understanding of Sumatra Gold, but he did manage to glean some info about it. And in the battle happening right above his body, Yarsha Zahara was playing a pivotal role, able to absorb all attacks unleashed using a Nature.

Even he was able to understand that Yarsha Zahara could absorb and gain possession of the effects of any Nature she came in contact with. Hence, he was nervous, trying to buy time until Grehha and Yennda were revived.

"Spamming Natures is fun!" The Boar King laughed as he continued to drink the Transcendent Eater's blood and generate enough Prana to spam attacks at his targets.

The region was now littered with mountains created using the Rockatrice's Primary Nature, suppressing his enemies. Direct attacks were done using the Centinger's artillery strike and when anyone got close enough, their blood was absorbed.

The Decaleech's Nature acted as both the final layer of offence and defence, allowing the Boar King to have a solid ground to fight with.

The sky was littered with both the spikes from multiple artillery strikes and meteor showers. With a surplus of Prana, the Boar King could remain recklessly on the offensive, making it impossible for his enemies to reach him through the rain of attacks.

A golden feline charged up enough Prana and unleashed a beam towards him. Immediately in response, followed by a pulse of Prana, Yarsha Zahara appeared before the beam and tanked it using her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon, absorbing the attack.

She stored it in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, intending to use it when necessary.

"Have some more," The Boar King said and caused a litre of Transcendent Eater blood to float before Yarsha Zahara, "It's very rich in nutrient content. You can recover Prana faster with this."

"I'm already at full capacity," Yarsha Zahara said and patted her stomach, "I'm bloated now."

"Don't you need to fill up that one?" The Boar King stared at the golden feline she was riding, "It can serve both as a mount and a reserve of Prana for you, especially since your weakness currently is your limited Prana. You can make up for it with Lunchbox, but don't be careless."

He stared at the figure of Boul Brimgan joining hands with Geugeu, "These two are going strong even when I'm spamming attacks."

Geugeu had transformed into a thundercloud, using Mystic Mist Art to steal the reserve of blood gathered by the Boar King from time to time. He consumed it to replenish his Prana and also supplied it to Boul Brimgan and the Raid Team.

Bronsk Brimgan had taken charge of the Raid Team, leading them to keep pressure on the Boar King while simultaneously tanking all the ranged attacks he was unleashing.

"Not yet," Yarsha Zahara grunted when the golden feline jerked once, "It's still resisting my control. You can feel that mysterious power brimming from him too, right? That's what is resisting my Nature."

'He fused with the Major Treasure of Deity.' Watching the battle from far away was Orakha, having arrived to take advantage of the situation and possibly steal a few more pieces of Sumatra Gold from Yarsha Zahara.

He was currently at the 2-Life Stage, having fused with a piece of Sumatra Gold each. That was the extent of his requirement, for using any more didn't improve his strength. One piece of Sumatra Gold per Human Avatar was more than enough, for it was that powerful.

It had already worked in stabilising and integrating the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint, successfully transmitting the effects of his Secondary Nature of Daily Checkpoint through it.

Ten pieces for his endgame build, ten pieces that were used on Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar, and one piece given to Virala. Even after all that, Orakha still had an excess of 13 pieces of Sumatra Gold, adding to a total of 34 pieces that he had stolen from Yarsha Zahara.

Currently, the excess pieces of Sumatra Gold were in the belly of a Mutated Gold Grade Pranic Beast, placed there after Orakha fused a piece of Orakha's Checkpoint in its body. It was a trade agreement. While it stored and safeguarded the pieces of Sumatra Gold, Orakha would assist its race to birth more of its mutant kind.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Raikk!

It was a Pranic Beast that spent the majority of its life in hibernation, which was dangerous since its home was the Brimgan Sea. Its brethren were only at the Silver Grade. Usually, Silver Grade strength was terrifying anywhere else in Sumatra, but in this blessed land, it was insufficient.

The Raikk lived as a nest where the rest of its Silver Grade brethren—Neikk—laid their eggs, stored valuable resources, etc. It was treated as a fortress. Usually, one Raikk was sufficient for a colony of Neikk. But after the Brimgan Sea dried up, they were in a state of being wiped out.

With too many powerful Pranic Beasts arriving at the region due to the Attribute's emergence, the Raikk felt powerless to protect its brethren while fighting against its instinct to enter the Attributed Region.

As long as there were a few more Raikk, they'd have an easier time surviving, which was the basis behind which the deal with Orakha was established.

Right after establishing it, Orakha rushed to Yarsha Zahara's location and observed the ongoing battle. 'I can send a body to revive next to Virala when I'm killed here. Since I made the deal with him, I'll make the other body revive beside Ruvva.'

He didn't know how Virala would react upon seeing the Major Treasure of Deity being snatched by Boul Brimgan, but upon understanding that Virala already had a Spirit Weapon—his Mystic Ewworm's tail—that could unleash the same effect as the Golden Deity, he concluded that Virala wouldn't be affected much.

'It has more value to me than Virala. So, this is more of a loss for me.' He stared at the level of power displayed by Boul Brimgan, 'To be honest, it's perfect in the hands of this guy. He's able to harness the entirety of its power.'

"Since their enmity with the Boar King is at its highest now, this is for the better. With a Major Treasure in their possession, the Brimgan Empire will be able to fight the Boar King without getting annihilated." Orakha said and began to gather ink-black fluid with the power of his Compound Human Avatar's Nature of Selectively Permeable Plasma.

He then transformed it into Mystic Eaters through his Tertiary Nature, forming an army to target Blola. As long as he were to transform the ground into lava, it'd cut off the Boar King from Blola.

As long as a single root survives, Blola could regenerate fully in a matter of seconds, 'He might be able to understand my thought process.'

As long as Blola escapes, the Boar King will no longer have an endless reserve of Prana to draw from. He would soon be killed by the combined assault of Boul Brimgan, the Raid Team, and Geugeu. "Go!"

His Mystic Eaters slithered at a rapid pace and approached the group, first noticed by Yarsha Zahara. Prana flickered like sparks around her as she targeted the Mystic Eaters, "Don't assume you can target me…"

She stopped in shock upon watching the Mystic Eaters drill into the ground and vanish right before entering the range of her attack. Her eyes shot towards Orakha in fury, 'Has he been keeping a note of every single Nature I stored in my Lunchbox?'

Orakha was indeed keeping track of every single ability Yarsha Zahara used and stored in her Lunch Box. Hence, upon observing her action, he judged the ability she was about to use and reacted accordingly.

The ground began to turn into lava as the Mystic Eaters released all the heat they had gathered, raising a lot of toxic fumes in response as the Transcendent Eater's body began to burn in response.

Orakha watched the lava formation as he reinforced the underground tunnels with an army of Mystic Eaters, meant to protect his target, "Escape, Blola."



