Chapter 571 Mystic Royal Art

'Indeed, Wittral wants to remain a Pranic Beast.' Inala watched Wittral busying about while training the usage of psychokinesis. Though he felt sleepy, his mind was revving up in full activity.

A large stream of information formed a cluster in his mindspace in accordance with his thoughts.

Being similar to a Mammoth Clansman who could transform into a Pranic Beast wasn't useful for the Quip Clan. Or rather, a Mammoth Clansman who had fused with a Zinger egg could do that already.

In contrast to the Mammoth Clan who could transform into a variety of Pranic Beasts, the Quip Clan could only become a Zinger. So, it paled in terms of value.

Inala never wanted his Quip Clansmen to become an inferior version of a Mammoth Clansman. He was merely curious about Wittral's thoughts in regard to this situation. He wanted to know what Wittral wanted honestly. And the latter's response pleased him.

Quip Clansman!

When Inala became the Royal Zinger, his Quip Tribe attained Clansman status too. But the moment they became a Clansman, the Silver Immunity Art became redundant, for it was only meant to accelerate their evolution to the peak of a Tribesman.

As a result, the Quip Clan wasn't in a functional state. As the Royal Zinger, Inala could birth a variety of Zingers. The thing is, all the Zingers created by him would be a part of the Quip Clan.

Thereby, unlike the Mammoth Clan, Cooter Clan, and even the Wean Clan, the natural state of existence for the Quip Clan wasn't in human form, but as a Zinger.

It was why the Quip Clansman, Gappu couldn't exert any power, for his natural state was now that of a Zinger, but he was currently in a human form. He brimmed with the power of a Quip Clansman but was unable to use it.

This wasn't an issue as Inala had made plans for it already. The problem wasn't finding a solution, but the fact that Inala currently had over a dozen solutions. He had too many options to choose from.

The amount of data in his mind space already surpassed the Supreme Tusk Gannala in terms of volume, as the data he absorbed from the 24 Bolts of Transcendence was akin to an ocean. It basically completed Inala's various potential cultivation techniques that he had planned for the Quip Clan.

Each option had its pros and cons, able to completely alter the direction taken by the Quip Clan in the future.

Currently, Quip Clan is centred around the Royal Zinger. As long as Inala was alive, he could populate the Quip Clan to any number he desired. He could churn Quip Clansmen like a factory. Wherever he existed was where the Quip Clan prospered.

Conversely, the greatest weakness of the Quip Clan was that they were Zingers, and hence couldn't copulate, despite possessing the two necessary genders. So, Inala created a solution by tying them up together.

The moment he finalised his thoughts, all the necessary information solidified in his mind space as Inala stared at the cultivation technique that had formed. This wasn't one of the techniques created by the Bolts of Transcendence.

Basically, just like how Mystic Skill Creator worked, Inala picked parts and pieces from the various cultivation techniques created for the Quip Clan by the Bolts of Transcendence to condense this technique.

He no longer had the Skill, but Inala's Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination allowed him to control anything within his Biome Bomb. Seated in it, he could manually perform the same process of Mystic Skill creator in his mind space.

Having used the Skill enough times, he had enough experience to perform it on his own, despite his build having changed. As he focused, Inala felt a headache, for the stream of information that his brain had to process was a lot.

The terrain around him melted like a block of ice as a large stream of Prana and Lifespan surged through his body, elevating him to Beginner Gold Grade as a Royal Zinger. As a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, his mind was now robust enough to handle the information, able to steadily build the cultivation technique. Soon, its skeleton form was already done.

Mystic Royal Art!

It would take a while for it to be completed. But since its skeleton form had been built, it could be used to cultivate by Quip Clansmen.

Just like Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art, Mystic Royal Art was a cultivation technique exclusive to the Quip Clan. If anyone else were to use it, they would lose Prana permanently.

Inala lost close to 100 units of Prana when he created the Bone Slips for Resha using Mystic Bone Art. Losing 100 units wasn't an issue for him, since he was a Pranic Beast. As long as he consumed enough food, he'd grow naturally.

This growth was even faster for Inala since he could consume as much Lifespan as he wanted from other Pranic Beasts. It would only take him a few days to reach full Prana capacity once again.

Mystic Royal Art had five primary purposes. The first purpose, and the most important one, derived from Inala's Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty allowed the Quip Clansmen to have both a Pranic Beast form and human form as their natural state.

The effect is the same as Inala's Royalty. As a Mystic Grade cultivation technique, the effects of Mystic Royal Art were on the level of a Nature. Since it was mostly based on Royalty, it was named as such.

The second purpose worked on enhancing the existing genetic trait of the Zinger Race—The Zinger Shriek!

A Zinger was capable of transmitting large volumes of information through a single shriek. Inala used that as a base and developed it from the functions of his Secondary Nature of Perfect Biome Domination.

Inala could sense everything in the region enveloped by his Biome Bomb. The second purpose was a watered-down version of the same. When a Quip Clansman shrieks, the soundwaves would resonate with the bodies of all living beings in the range. The Clansman could vary the soundwaves until they attained resonant frequency with the target, if any existed.

Upon perceiving the shriek, the target's skin vibrates due to resonance. When this happens, the target's Prana detection means would be influenced—which happens as prickles on the skin—a bit, causing their Prana to carry information from their mind space.

As the Prana flows to the skin, the skin relays the information within the Prana through its vibrations, no different from a speaker on earth that converts electrical signals into vibrations.

This vibration would conform to the zinger's language, allowing the Zinger to perceive the information in it. Depending on one's skill, the information they could draw out from the target would be relevant to the contents of their shriek.

There were two ways this could be used. The first was as a detection means. By unleashing their shrieks, the Quip Clansman will focus on their ears. The moment any information is emitted from a spot implies a living being is there.

As this is used through sound, the detection range surpassed traditional Prana detection methods that were limited to the Spirit Weapon range. It perfectly took advantage of a Zinger's genetic traits.

The second way to use this would be in the field of interrogation. The Quip Clansman could continue to unleash shrieks on a bound target and extract information from their mind space. It would take time, and would only function until Prana flowed through the target's body.

But its applications were endless.

The third purpose was something all cultivation techniques created—Information Slips!

The Information Slip equivalent of the Quip Clan was called Piezo Slips. They weren't material-limited like other cultivation techniques. Instead, it allowed the Quip Clansman to record information on all material surfaces.

This too was built atop the Zinger Shrieks. The shockwaves of the shriek would engrave itself onto the target surface. And the moment a Quip Clansman seeps Prana through the engraving, the shriek—engraved into the surface—would resound in their mind space.

As long as one knew what they were, it was easy to detect Piezo Slips, since the engravings would be visible on the surfaces. Typical Information Slips were hidden in nature, perceivable only to the respective cultivation technique.

Piezo Slips were lacking in that aspect, but they made up for it with the degree of usage and flexibility. Since they were carved using shrieks, a Quip Clansman could instantly carve it onto any surface or even multiple surfaces at the same time. As long as sound was able to reach a surface, a Piezo Slip could be created there.

As Zingers were a gliding race, Inala focused on strengthening their genetic traits while keeping in mind the way they lived, modifying existing methods to match their race's characteristics. Piezo Slip was one of them.

The fourth purpose was evolution-related—Gene Accumulation.

This was developed while keeping in mind the Fragment Disease and the Buoyant Disease, both of which formed due to the significant concentration of Empyrean Tusk and Empyrean Snapper genes.

Both Fragment Disease and Buoyant Disease existed to birth Empyrean Tusks and Snappers. The Quip Clan's equivalent was the Cripple Disease. When a couple with the Cripple Disease copulate, they can birth the Royal Zinger.

But the chances for it were abysmal, at less than one billionth. And as long as Inala was alive, another Royal Zinger wouldn't be birthed by a Cripple Disease couple.

Cripple Disease had another function due to the nature of genes involved—Evolution!

The genes a Quip Clansman was accumulating over the generations were the Royal Zinger's. This meant that those with the Cripple Disease had a concentration of Royal Zinger genes. Since the Royal Zinger was capable of birthing all Zinger variants, the accumulation of Royal Zinger genes would allow a Quip Clansman with Iron Grade strength to evolve into a Silver Grade variant.

Basically, a Quip Clansman's strength wasn't restricted by birth status. This was created thanks to Inala's foresight to ensure the Quip Clan continued to grow in strength on their own, even if they were born as Quip Zingers.

This way, Inala could simply focus on spawning Quip Zingers and allow the Quip Clansmen to forge their destinies on their own.



Chapter 572  Zinger Representative

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Quip Zinger!

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Aristocrat!

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Guard!

Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Princess!

Advanced Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Prince!

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Zinger Representative! n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

There were a total of six variants of the Zinger Race that the Royal Zinger could spawn through a Biome Bomb. Of them, the Zinger Representative was still a work in progress. Inala was building that route through Wittral. And once Wittral becomes the Zinger Representative, that route too would be unlocked for the Quip Clan to progress through.

By cultivating using Mystic Royal Art, a Quip Clansman was accumulating the Royal Zinger's genes. As the Royal Zinger could spawn all six Zinger variants, it meant that all the relevant information was being accumulated in their genes by the Quip Clansman.

And depending on the gene they accumulate is the direction of their future progression. Performing certain activities would cause them to accumulate a certain aspect of the Royal Zinger's genes. As long as one does this, they'd become one of the four Gold Grade variants.

As the Quip Clan develops, they'd research and collate information related to the progression through the four different routes.

But at the end of the day, the routes were only something Zinger Aristocrats need to bother with, since only they had a small chance of evolving into a Gold Grade variant. The Quip Zingers would only have to focus on becoming a Zinger Aristocrat first.

The progression route was pretty peculiar. Due to the characteristics of Inala's Primary Nature of Royalty which was fused with the Major Treasure of Attribute, the way the Quip Clan got divided was unprecedented.

Quip Zingers were males while Zinger Aristocrats were females. Thereby, the moment a Quip Zinger evolves into a Zinger Aristocrat, it would change genders into a female. Following that, Zinger Guards and Zinger Princes were males while Zinger Princesses and Zinger Representatives were females.

If a Quip Zinger manages to climb all the way to the seat of a Zinger Prince or Zinger Guard, it would end up changing genders twice. But due to the effects of Mystic Royal Art, the moment a gender change happens, it would be considered to be their natural state.

Inala made it like this so that in the future, even when the Quip Tribe gets annihilated, if even a single Quip Clansman were to survive, he/she would be able to blend in a Human Kingdom with a new identity with every Grade upgrade.

And due to the gene accumulation effects of Mystic Royal Art, the chances of their kids being born as Quip Clansman were higher than a Free Human. As the partner was a Free Human, the chances of only Quip Zingers being born were pretty high. Maybe if the Quip Clansman had Gold Grade strength, then there was a chance of birthing a Zinger Aristocrat.

As long as one of them becomes a Zinger Representative, the Quip Clan would recover to full glory in a single generation.

Finally, the weapon that allowed the Quip Clansmen to stand their ground against other Clans was their Spirit Weapon—Tangible Piezo Slips!

Inala fused the Minor Treasure of Tangible Psychokinesis into his genetics. He already used that to ensure the Zinger Aristocrats were born with it as their Primary Nature.

But it was a Minor Treasure, capable of influencing all living beings. So, its characteristics weren't being fully utilised by a Primary Nature. Hence, he incorporated it into Mystic Royal Art.

The core function of Mystic Bone Art was located in the Mammoth Clansman's stomach, as being able to ingest and digest everything with greater efficiency was what fuelled their abilities. Similarly, Mystic Royal Art was concentrated in the throat of Quip Clansmen, since it formed the core of their abilities.

Tangible Piezo Slips too were shriek-based. When a Quip Clansman shrieks, the sound they produce will mix with Prana to condense into a tangible form that travelled at speeds slightly inferior to the speed of sound.

This acted as their Spirit Weapon and could be controlled as one within their Spirit Weapon Range. When the Spirit Weapon makes contact with the skin of a target, it injects into their body all the information contained in it.

This information could be whatever the Quip Zinger wanted to relay. Typically, it can be used as a rapid Information Slip to supply information to their target. But its true purpose lies in its form when weaponised.

When one accesses an Information Slip, it is no different from opening the gates to a dam, causing all the water—data—in the Information Slip to flood the user's mind space. If there was enough information, it could instantly destroy the user's mind.

Without the Mind Slip Prime Skill, one wouldn't be able to block this influx of information. A Quip Clansman at the Life Stage could use Tangible Piezo Slips to guard their mindspace similar to the functions of the Mind Slip Prime Skill.

They could also create Skills through Mystic Royal Art to withstand this bombardment. It might even reach the level of the Mind Slip Prime Skill, since one of the priorities of Mystic Royal Art is Tangible Piezo Slips which act as Spirit Weapons.

The information transmitted through their Spirit Weapons could contain irrelevant information that would only confuse the target. In a battle, getting distracted for even a moment was fatal.

What if the information transmitted only consisted of pooping? It would be information condensed by the Quip Clansman from when he was a child to whatever age he was at the time of weaponizing this information.

When that slams into the mindspace of a target, they would instinctively feel the urge to poop too. It would take them a few seconds to control themselves. Weak-minded ones would straight up perform the action, creating a large window to get their heads severed.

This was just one example. Tangible Piezo Slips could be used in as many ways as the creativity of the user supported. Best of all, it doesn't dissipate if it leaves the user's Spirit Weapon range.

As it is sound clumped into a tangible form by Prana, it will continue to travel as sound until the Prana within it dissipates. It just cannot be controlled like a Spirit Weapon once it crosses the user's Spirit Weapon range.

But as it can travel as a projectile, it became the perfect weapon to unleash from afar. Inala focused on this aspect the most since Zingers were physically built to hurl projectiles at their target. Tangible Piezo Slips were the perfect weapon for that, since they will be effective even against Brangara.

Inala was confident in creating a bunch of Skills to slow down the dissipation of Prana in the Tangible Piezo Slip to a minimum. If necessary, he could even encase it in a Biome Bomb for maximum lethality.

Once he finalised the five purposes and began to build the rest of Mystic Sumatra Art, Inala was excited. After all, once it was completed, he could finally begin populating the Quip Clan. 'Things are progressing well.'

He also finished finalising the powers Wittral would obtain after becoming a Zinger and what future generations of Zinger Representatives would obtain as their Primary Nature.

Wittral would easily become a stronger variant of a Zinger Representative, so what Inala had to focus on was the set of powers a normal Zinger Representative would obtain and remain relevant for their purpose.

A Zinger Representative was basically the Quip Clan's leader in the absence of the Royal Zinger. It was she who would be laying down the foundations necessary to birth the Royal Zinger once again. So, the development and management of the Quip Clan will basically fall on the Zinger Representative's shoulder, whether or not the Royal Zinger exists.

Hence, Inala paid the most attention to this route. To become a Zinger Representative, a Zinger Aristocrat would have to accumulate a ginormous sumo of Royal Zinger genes and remain adamant. After all, after a certain point in her progression, she would have accumulated enough genes to become any of the other three Gold Grade variants.

So, only someone with enough talent and the drive to become a Zinger Representative can afford to become one. And obviously, only someone like that can be the Quip Clan's leader.

The question Inala asked Wittral was only to hear the latter's opinion. It helped Inala focus on the true issue that plagued him—cultivation into the Life Stage.

Once Wittral becomes a Zinger Representative and cultivates Mystic Royal Art, he will become a Quip Clansman. As a result, he could naturally progress through the Life Stage. Both his human and Pranic Beast forms would be maintained as his natural state.

It was this aspect that Inala focused on the most, which was why Mystic Royal Art was built around Royalty, or to be more exact, its current upgraded version of Mystic Royalty.

Therefore, Wittral could remain a Pranic Beast while progressing through the Life Stage, hitting two birds with one stone. Inala was expectant to see the latter's reaction upon finding out the true functions of Mystic Royal Art.

'Now, I only need to worry about my situation.' Inala couldn't rely on that to cultivate through the Life Stage. It wasn't compatible with his set of Natures.

Technically, Inala could remain a Silver Grade Royal Zinger and reach the 10-Life Stage. But the moment he upgrades to Beginner Gold, the remaining nine bodies would cause an implosion, since his entire state of being was changing from the fundamental aspects of body, mind, and soul.

The influence of a cultivation technique is incapable of accommodating such a fluid change. So, the only realistic option was to obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, 'But that isn't a perfect fit for my build.'

Inala sighed, feeling a headache. Both his Primary and Secondary Nature grew or regressed in strength alongside him. They were Dynamic Natures. But the Nature of Cultivator was static and it was a Gold Grade Nature.

Hence, the moment Inala reverts to his base form as an Expert Silver Grade Royal Zinger, the influence from the Gold Grade Nature of Cultivator would fuck him up. 'Either I need to work on creating a dynamic counterpart of Cultivator, which I have no idea how to do or I would have to give up on Cultivator.'

The primary reason Inala obtained Dynamic Natures was to abuse his growth speed at the Silver Grade, stack multiple bodies, and enter Mystic Grade at the time he planned to jump the Boar King. So, it was a necessity to solve this issue.

Either he worked on a new form of the Nature of Cultivator suitable for him, or created a brand new solution. And the answer to that lay in his destination, 'I'm confident of finding a solution in that Influenced Region. If I can't find an answer even there, then it'll be impossible to find it anywhere in Sumatra.'

Influenced Region—Sanctuary!



Chapter 573  Boul Brimgan’s Confidence

"I looked away for an instant when the baby disappeared. I swear I'm not lying!" A woman trembled in fear as she was held the neck up by an angry Virala.

"I gave you one job!" He grunted as a tail jutted out of his back and stabbed the stamp growing on its end on the forehead of the woman, causing her to spasm erratically before tangible data appeared around her.

Virala used a Spirit Container cluster to absorb the data and swallowed it, processing the information within it in a matter of seconds, 'There are no traces in her memories!'

The woman had only looked away for an instant before Ruvva disappeared from her vision. Only one could do that, someone with his old set of abilities and armed with the Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel, "Gannala!"

Transforming into a Mystic Ewworm, Virala plunged into the ground and drilled multiple paths underneath the house, soon noticing a faint trace that could only be left behind by the Nature Weapon of Tunnel.

'No, the traces are even more minimal than what I could use. Does she also have the power of Subtle Terrain Domination?' Virala was stunned upon confirming that it was Gannala who had stolen his daughter. 'She's making great strides using my power.'

"But you've committed a mistake by taking something that's mine." His eyes glinted in anger as Virala left the place after absorbing all the information in the mind space of the people living in the region, able to further collate his observations through their memories.

As he travelled, Virala stumbled upon an underground tunnel layered by Mystic Eaers in the hundreds of thousands, littering the place.

A Mystic Eater coiled itself to form a circle by biting upon the end of its tail. Two more Mystic Eaters traversed its centre, like a spoke. The stomach sections coiled around a box, keeping it stable since the two Mystic Eaters forming the spokes were positioned perpendicularly to each other.

The Mystic Eater assuming the shape of a wheel rolled forward, traversing across the tunnel. From time to time, the tails of the Mystic Eaters layering the tunnel slammed into it, giving it momentum.

Thousands of wheels rolled through the tunnel. This was the method Orakha was using to rapidly transport a large volume of goods out of the Brimgan Empire, 'This must be the wealth he had promised Raaha to accumulate in the Brimgan Empire.

Currently at the border of the Brimgan Empire, at the collapsed section of the Lotus Range, the Brimgan Empire and Cooter Clansmen were in a standoff. Representing both sides were Boul Brimgan and Geugeu respectively.

"The Attributed Region is situated within the Brimgan Empire's territory. So, leave!" Boul Brimgan announced the 38 Empyrean Snapper who glared at him from their delta formation.

"All I'm asking for is a share of resources present in the Attributed Region." Geugeu snorted at Boul Brimgan's arrogant tone, "The current Brimgan Empire doesn't have the means to hog the Attributed Region for itself."

"Who says otherwise?" Boul Brimgan said from his vantage point on the peak of an intact section of the Lotus Range, glaring at the head of the 1st Empyrean Tusk that elongated to ensure Geugeu stood at an altitude slightly higher than Boul Brimgan.

It was a display of power and authority, intending to intimidate the Brimgan Empire.

'There's a lot of valuable minerals that I've seen along the way, not to mention more than a dozen Minor Treasure. No way I'm allowing the Brimgan Empire to profit alone.' Geugeu thought. This was his current objective, which was why he waited until the Empyrean Snappers arrived at the scene.

"Let's see…" Boul Brimgan coldly surveyed the Settlement Leaders of every single Settlement, "Mere Silver Grade strength and you retards dare face my Empire?"

He then glared at Geugeu, "You're the sole individual with Gold Grade strength at the Cooter Clan. I've seen your capabilities when you've faced the Boar King."

"You're not my match, Cooter Clan Chief."

"How dare you disrespect our Chief like that?" One of the Settlement Leaders bellowed in anger, only to shut up instantly at the release of Boul Brimgan's presence.

When he chased after Brangara, Boul Brimgan had just fused with the Major Treasure of Deity. So, he wasn't yet able to harness the entirety of its power. but the longer time passed, the faster he was able to raise his strength.

Had the current him faced the Boar King at the Attributed Region, he would have been able to hold back the latter long enough for Inala to kill the other body. And then, they could have easily ganged up on the remaining body to put an end to him for good.

In contrast, Geugeu's strength remained the same. Hence, he was no longer Boul Brimgan's match.

"Mother, are the Minor Treasures ready?" Boul Brimgan used an Information Slip to communicate with Harla Brimgan.

"There are two Minor Treasures compatible with your strength. But if you remain patient, we'll be able to equip you with all 20 Minor Treasures that are in the Golden Giant." Harla Brimgan replied in a hurry.

"Unless necessary, don't disturb them. A delicate formation has been installed there, so I don't wish to interfere with the arrangement." Boul Brimgan finished the conversation, "Begin transporting the two Minor Treasures first. They should be enough for me to face Geugeu and a bunch of Empyrean Snappers."

"The Empyrean Snappers might survive, but the rest of the Cooter Clan will be annihilated in a matter of hours." Boul Brimgan announced, "If you're happy to be wiped out, step forward. I'll be happy to oblige."

"But if you're hesitant," He unleashed a voracious amount of presence that slammed into the Cooter Clan, making it hard for the Cooter Clansmen to breathe, "Run away. I'll at least allow you to flee with your dignity intact."

"Hmph!" Geugeu grunted in anger as a thunderstorm began to build in the region, "That eye has returned. So without being able to fly, the Brimgan Empire cannot concentrate its power fast enough."

"Did you forget something?" Boul Brimgan grinned as in response to his words, massive ships took flight, hovering at an altitude of three kilometres from the ground. Large armies armed with crossbows took position and aimed at the Cooter Clan, "We, the Brimgan Empire as professionals when it comes to ranged warfare."

Brimgan Royals stood on the ground and used psychokinesis to lift the ships high up in the air. Since it was through psychokinesis and not flight, the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye didn't consider their actions as flight, since the range of the ships' movement was limited to the Spirit Weapon range of the Brimgan Royals controlling them.

With an altitude of three kilometres, as long as the soldiers shoot arrows, gravity would take care of the rest and cause the arrows to impact the ground with enough momentum that even Empyrean Snappers would be forced to remain on the defensive.

Following that, it would be a mere contest of endurance. Who will last longer? The Spirit Pools on the backs of the Empyrean Snappers that allowed them to keep fighting for long? Or was the blessed land capable of pumping out resources to create arrows nonstop?

The answer easily leaned in the Brimgan Empire's favour. Besides, with the number of deaths they had experienced, the soldiers were brimming with bloodlust, unable to rest until they shred apart the bodies of every single damn Pranic Beast that dared target the Brimgan Empire.

And that wasn't all. Boul Brimgan had another tactic to employ and deter the Cooter Clan. Slowly, a massive shadow loomed at the entrance of the Brimgan Empire, taking the position of the collapsed region.

It was the statue of a being that reached a height of 1152 metres, an existence that stood at the pinnacle of Sumatra.

The Brimgan Guardian—Royal Zinger!

"Impossible!" Geugeu exclaimed in shock, "How is a Pranic Beast your guardian?"

"She did live at the Cooter Clan in the past. Don't you remember her name?" Boul Brimgan chuckled.

"Amita…Brimgan?" Geugeu gritted his teeth, realising that the situation became more and more hopeless the longer he remained here. Forget targeting the Brimgan Empire, his Cooter Clansmen were losing morale.

Making a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast their enemy would result in a hopeless situation. To date, the death of two Empyrean Snappers under the hands of the Boar King haunted them. And that happened merely because the Boar King fancied a couple Natures of Subtle Terrain Domination.

What if he targeted the Cooter Clan in the same way he targeted the Mammoth Clan? What if the one targeting them was the Royal Zinger?

The scene of the Boar King rapidly aging while facing the Royal Zinger, an existence that could tank the strongest of his punches. Geugeu shuddered in fear, 'A single one of those punches is enough to kill an Empyrean Snapper. The Royal Zinger tanked thousands of such punches and emerged victorious in that fight.'

"Four hours!" Boul Brimgan announced his ultimatum, pressuring the Cooter Clan further, "If you're not out of my sight by then, I'll consider it to be a war between the Cooter Clan and the Free Human Race!" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Free Human Race!

Boul Brimgan's choice of words thundered across the minds of all Cooter Clansmen. The Brimgan Empire was a Free Human utopia, one of the strongest Empires on Sumatra and one with an existence that casually dated the Cooter Clan's entire existence.

In terms of history, the Cooter Clan was a baby in the fact of the experienced Ancestor that remained strong for a significant time, so significant, even they couldn't pinpoint how many eras the Brimgan Empire stood tall.

Obviously, every single Free Human Kingdom in the vicinity behaved as satellite states of the Brimgan Empire. A command from the Brimgan Empire, and all these Human Kingdoms would spontaneously declare the Cooter Clan as their enemies.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Brandal Brimgan announced a hitlist on the Mammoth Clan, reducing their status from a grand merchant force the Human Kingdoms shuddered at the thought of to a pitiful target that became the punching bag of every single Free Human from the Kingdoms based around the Mammoth Clan's Hundred-Year Path.

If the Cooter Clan were to be labelled as enemies of the Free Human race, then irrespective of how strong they were, they'll eventually kneel under the relentless assault of millions of Free Humans who wished to get into the good books of the Brimgan Empire and obtain support for their respective Kingdoms.

And if Boul Brimgan were to personally make the trip, at least a couple of Empires too would take action. If a Free Human force on the level of an Empire takes action, then Geugeu's life would become no different than a punching bag.

After all, Empires had at least a few Free Humans with Gold Grade strength.

"I…" His eyes were red as Geugeu accepted his defeat, "The Cooter Clan will take their leave."



Chapter 574 The Cooter-Brimgan Trade Agreement

﻿﻿"Wait!"

Right as Geugeu turned around, intending to signal the Cooter Clan to retreat, Boul Brimgan's voice caused his body to freeze up. An expression of fury clouded his face before he recovered his cool and faced the latter, "What?"

"It's not impossible for the Cooter Clan to reap benefits from the Attributed Region." Boul Brimgan said, smiling subtly upon seeing the expressions of 37 Cooter Clan Settlement Leaders brighten in response, "The Brimgan Empire is willing to trade for the resources mined from the Attributed Region."

"What do you seek in return?" Geugeu asked, clenching his fists until his nails dug into his palm.

"The Cooter Clan's speciality, medicines!" Boul Brimgan said and performed a gentle greeting, "If you're interested, let's discuss the specifics. We can use this chance to transform our enmity into friendship."

"Chief!" A Settlement Leader approached Geugeu in a hurry, his expression slightly desperate, "This is our way out. We have no other choice."

He was afraid, just like the rest of the Cooter Clan Settlement Leaders, afraid to face an onslaught from millions of Free Humans.

Unlike the Mammoth Clan who experienced death at every corner due to their nomadic lifestyle, the Cooter Clan marked their territories and lived in it contently. As a result, the number of deaths they faced was minimal as compared to the Mammoth Clan, which made them comparatively less hardened in the face of hardship.

Since a way out existed, they were grateful to choose it. After all, the Cooter Clan was developing slowly but steadily, having grown to a powerful extent.

Basically, they had too much to lose in the face of war, which was why they acted like the event of the Boar King killing two of their Deities never happened, sealing it in their minds as a topic forbidden to discuss.

Even Geugeu reflected the Cooter Clan's desire. It was why he let go of all intentions of fighting Brangara after the latter became the Celestial Boar.

As long as the Cooter Clan lived with their heads tucked low, Wally would eventually attain Mystic Grade status. Until then, they wanted to conserve their strength as much as possible. Doing anything might only trigger their opponents.

Instead, they could bury their feelings and live suppressed lives until their path to the Mystic Grade was realised.

"Please, Chief!"

"Accept the Brimgan Emperor's offer, Chief."

"This is for our future, Chief!"

"Please endure this humiliation, Chief! We beg you!"

Hearing the pleas of all the Settlement Leaders irritated Geugeu to the extreme. He was about to rebuke them all when the head of the 1st Empyrean Snapper turned and faced him, making eye contact, communicating its intention through the expression of its eyes.

'When did…my Clan devolve into a bunch of cowards?' Geugeu controlled his urge to cry, feeling powerless for some reason. He then turned around to stare at the figure of the Brimgan Guardian that was being refined to become stronger, 'It wasn't long before she came to the Dralh Sea as a helpless maiden. So, not only was she not eaten by the Boar King but managed to survive and become strong enough to face him head-on.'

Geugeu observed the Royal Zinger's face, 'Someone with nothing achieved our Clan's long-standing desire with no backing or support. In contrast, even with the entire Cooter Clan at my disposal, my strength remains stagnant.'

In the past, Geugeu was comfortable with being the third strongest existence on Sumatra, following the Boar King and Raaha. Even though Brandal Brimgan was growing stronger with time, closing the gap between third and fourth place, Geugeu wasn't pressured.

After all, he calculated that by the time Brandal Brimgan inched close to his level of strength, his lifespan would have run out. So, his status as the third strongest in Sumatra was stable. He was content with it, since he had no reason to exercise this power.

But now, the rankings have been updated. The Royal Zinger was currently the second strongest, followed by Raaha and Boul Brimgan.

Boul Brimgan appeared from out of nowhere and surpassed him. And considering his growth rate, it was just a matter of time before Boul Brimgan surpassed Raaha. It would take him less than a decade to do so, even by Geugeu's conservative estimates.

Considering the hidden wealth under the Brimgan Empire's disposal, especially the knowledge that had been accumulated across various eras, Boul Brimgan's growth speed might accelerate further.

Geugeu felt outdated as new powerhouses began to appear one after another, contending his spot. During his fight against the Boar King in the Attributed Region, Geugeu observed many terrifying experts who possessed limitless potential.

Resha, the madman who dared to kill two of Brangara's children and was still alive. Orakha, a terrifying powerhouse with a Human Avatar that could never be grasped. Whenever he assumed Human Avatar form, he was terror incarnate, resembling the eclipse.

And then there was Yarsha Zahara, absolutely shattering his common sense, for she was building a Human Avatar literally out of Sumatra Gold. To date, the Cooter Clan barely had a few pieces, which they stored in the safety of their Major Treasure.

But this terrifying woman was using it as a mineral. Her potential long since surpassed the logic of Sumatra. All these were future terrors that Geugeu personally witnessed. There might be even more of them hiding out here, in the vast expanse of the Sumatra Continent.

'Mystic Grade! We have to attain it, no matter the cost!' Geugeu raised his hand to shut up the Settlement Leaders. He then stared at Boul Brimgan to bow faintly, accepting the offer, 'Otherwise, the Cooter Clan will fade out of relevance!'

'The future is changing rapidly!'

Geugeu and Boul Brimgan entered a ship in the sky and discussed for a few hours, following which Geugeu returned, his expression complex.

"Let's return." He then pointed at the large track in the ground the Empyrean Snappers had created during their approach to the Brimgan Empire, "We'll be widening and deepening it while returning to the Dralh Sea. This will become a trade route that connects the Brimgan Empire and the Cooter Clan."

The Cooter-Brimgan Trade Agreement!

Through it, resources would be exchanged between the two regions for the mutual benefit of the respective forces. It was the first time in history that the Cooter Clan accepted to trade with a foreign force.

It was all thanks to Boul Brimgan's political acumen.

As the Cooter Clan made their return, standing atop a hill far away to observe the proceedings between the two forces was Orakha. While he observed them, his Mystic Eaters were busy bringing out resources he had gained from the Brimgan Empire.

"There's a lot." He sighed upon seeing the sheer volume of resources he was bringing out. It wasn't just the wealth amassed by his and Maroppa's companies. Orakha took advantage of the chaos in the Brimgan Empire to break into all the treasuries in the crater-filled region.

As the people living there had already died, with the help of his Mystic Eaters, he eventually managed to discover several treasuries. And now, he was busy transporting them out.

A merchant profited the most in a disaster. Orakha stuck to the principle, amassing a windfall to an extent even he couldn't have expected. 'This isn't just a year's worth of the Mammoth Clan's budget. Twenty…thirty?'

He couldn't yet tally the sum. While one of his bodies was transporting the resources out of the Brimgan Empire, the other body had revived next to Ruvva, informing Gannala of everything she needed to know.

Hence, she was bringing the Mammoth Clan to his location to receive all the wealth he had amassed.

"If there's a title reserved for the best thief of Sumatra, you're the undisputed winner." A Mystic Ewworm jutted out of the ground behind him, alerting Orakha, "Why are you surprised?"

"Your daughter is currently in Gannala's stomach biome. She already knows about our deal." Orakha said in a hurry, "So I cannot bring her here."

"That's alright," Virala waved his hand casually, "I'm not bothered with that fact, since Ruvva is a baby now. She needs breast milk, and I obviously don't have that."

"What are you planning?" Orakha became alarmed upon seeing the chill manner in which Virala took the information, as if he wasn't concerned about Ruvva, 'With the obsessiveness he displayed before, there's no way in hell he's leaving his daughter in the hands of someone else.'

"Isn't my other body with Gannala?" As if he'd read Orakha's thoughts, Virala grinned, "Considering her character, Gannala would use my body to take care of Ruvva. With her abilities, she would have brainwashed my body into a puppet that exists to cater to Gannala's wishes."

"And thanks to the Mystic Path connection, even Ruvva would accept my second body as her real dad." He concluded, "This allows the Mammoth Clan to nurture the Violet Mystic Path inheritor into someone similar to Renduldu, as the Mammoth Clan's pet."

'Damn, he's right.' Orakha became nervous to hear Virala's analysis, 'I couldn't figure out the entirety of Gannala's plans but Virala laid out everything in a matter of seconds. He's equally as terrifying as Inala.'

"Why have you come here if you had no business with me?" Orakha glared at Virala.

"Did you forget you left this on me?" Virala pointed at his chest, "Extract your Minor Treasure from my body."

"That…" Orakha hesitated, for doing so would mean he no longer had any way to detect Virala's actions and keep the latter in check, 'The moment he broke free of the Mammoth Clan's influence, he had a child with Yarsha Zahara. He's a volatile variable.'

"You see…" Virala pointed at the resources Orakha was collecting with a smile, "You want to bring this to the Mammoth Clan, right?"

"You have no other choice then." Virala laughed, "My patience isn't exactly limitless, Orakha."

It was a threat. If Orakha didn't wish to extract the Minor Treasure from Virala, he could easily escape by committing suicide. But if he were to do that, all the resources he had accumulated would fall into Virala's hands.

'No, he doesn't have the capability to take advantage of these resources.' Orakha's mind whirred in response as his body exploded spontaneously. Forget the resources, he must never extract the Minor Treasure from Virala.

If the latter is unchecked, he'd balloon into a terrifying opponent for even the Mammoth Clan. Anyone else, and Orakha could judge their actions. But Virala was an exception to the rule, a wildcard that does whatever the fuck he wanted without caring about the consequences.

It became further reinforced now after he became a Mystic Human. Without any influences to worry about, he was a free man, able to hide himself after wreaking havoc in any area he pleased. Hence, Orakha judged the priority of the situation and committed suicide, 'I can gather resources whenever I want, but I'll never get another opportunity to keep Virala in check.'

"Hmm, smart." Virala nodded at the spontaneity with which Orakha committed suicide, "So you want to play the long game, huh?"

"Too bad, there's consequences for it." He muttered as his tail flashed out in the blink of an eye, accelerated through psychokinesis. A stamp made contact with the body of a Mystic Eater and ejected all data from it.

In a fraction of a second, a Mystic Eater was dealt with as Virala's stamp flickered nonstop, leaving behind Mystic Eater bodies no different from a vegetable. Using a Spirit Container cluster, he absorbed the tangible data and consumed them, "Without you, the strength of your Mystic Eater plummets, Orakha."

"So, I'll be consuming their data and more."



Chapter 575 Orakha’s Affiliation

﻿﻿"This is…?" Gannala arrived at a halt when Orakha revived next to Ruvva in her biome. She accessed the latter's memories and understood the gist of the situation. "Chief, give me a moment."

Saying so, Gannala rushed to a vacant location, assumed Empyrean Tusk form, and brought our Orakha, reverting to human form to glare at him, "Why did you run? You could have fought against him."

"Yes, I can, but the risks are high." Orakha said, "I judged that my losses would be severe if I were to face him now. And I don't wish to be weakened."

"That's it?" Gannala clenched her hand into a fist, controlling her urge to smack him, "You can face him and hold him there long enough for us to arrive at your rescue."

"With your strength, it's easy." She grumbled, "Except for that stamp in his possession, none of Virala's abilities can damage you in the slightest. You're a direct counter to him."

"Yes, I can. But why should I?" Orakha tilted his head as he stared at Gannala, "If I'm careless for even an instant, Virala's stamp can affect me. It would force my two bodies out of sync, since only one body would be fighting him there."

"It wasn't easy to build my strength to the current level. So, I'm not risking my accumulations for something that isn't relevant." He said calmly, revealing his analysing, "Virala is a single-type unit, unlike me. He doesn't have the means to consume the resources I am bringing out of the Brimgan Empire, whether it be the minerals, Elixirs, Spirit Weapons, etc."

Virala built his Spirit Weapon using the minerals sourced from the Golden Giant, forged upon a piece of Sumatra Gold. Hence, the minerals being brought out by Orakha were of no use to him. It was the same for the Spirit Weapons too, since Virala could not use them.

The only thing he could consume were the Elixirs. And even for them, he cannot consume them in large numbers, for one would have to spend months adjusting to the growth given by even a Low-Grade Elixir.

Virala wasn't an exception to the rule. So, unless he planned to destroy everything, there was no way in which Virala could sabotage the resources being collected by Orakha.

The safest way to face Virala would be when Orakha was in his 2-Life Stage form, for only then would his stacked self not be affected by Virala's stamp.

By taking advantage of his Mystic Eaters and Compound Human Avatar, Orakha managed to reach the 2-Life Stage with Gold Grade strength. Now, he had even fused a piece of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatars. It wasn't just that.

He also had a Minor Treasure capable of reviving him at multiple locations. It hadn't been long since he obtained all these, so Orakha needed a lot of time to stabilise and work on his gains. From a profit and loss standpoint, facing Virala was just a loss.

There was nothing he could gain from the conflict. And hence, he committed suicide to return to the Mammoth Clan.

"Coward!" Gannala cursed at his actions.

"I call it having a functional head above the shoulders." Orakha shrugged, "I'm not Resha to heed your beck and call, Gannala. I have an identity of my own. So, whether or not you're my Deity is irrelevant."

"You've seen my memories," Orakha's eyes glistened, "With a piece of Sumatra Gold in my Human Avatar, I can easily morph my Human Avatar to influence me in such a way that your influence on me is negated. The only reason I've not done that is due to my identity as a Mammoth Clansman."

"Other than Blola being able to revive me, there's nothing I need from the Mammoth Clan, nor can your side give me. Let's keep things clear." Orakha snorted, "So don't talk to me as if I'm the rest of the Mammoth Clansmen in your Settlement."

"Hmph!" Gannala no longer had the mood to argue unnecessarily as she approached Raaha, "Let's make haste."

"Will he still be there?" Raaha stared at Orakha.

"He's waiting there." Orakha closed his eyes to sense the position and status of the Minor Treasure he left in Virala to conclude, "He's waiting for us to arrive there."

"See, I told you." Orakha stared at Gannala to shrug, "There isn't much he can do there. Besides, the initiative lies with us as long as we have Ruvva and his second body."

"So, Virala can never be a genuine threat as long as my Minor Treasure remains in his body." Orakha tapped his head, "By giving him a piece of Sumatra Gold, I've become able to track him. And if necessary, I can revive beside him to target him whenever I please."

"Stop bragging, gosh!" Gannala groaned in irritation and ignored Orakha's argument.

Gannala ran away to the front of the group and accompanied Vhalla. In the meantime, Orakha approached Raaha and bowed formally, "I've completed the task I promised to achieve, Chief."

"Thirty times our annual budget? Are you serious?" Raaha was stunned by the declaration.

"It's just an estimate. I'll have to tally it fully to know the exact number." Orakha said, "But it's a ginormous sum."

"The amount I have amassed at the spot we're heading towards is merely a few months' worth of our annual budget. I can change the location where my Mystic Eaters transport the remaining resources." Orakha asked for Raaha's input, "Where do you want me to bring them all, Chief?"

Basically, even if Virala were to camp at the place, the value of resources he could take hostage was barely a percent of what Orakha had gathered. There was so much that he'd have to transport for months.

"Gannala can create an underground tunnel for it. You only need to drop the resources into the mouth of the tunnel and the field of gravity within will transport it to the end." Raaha commented, "That way, we'll be done with our task faster. And if possible, I don't want to confront Boul Brimgan."

"Once we're done, we're going far away from the Brimgan Empire's range of influence."

The Mammoth Clan Chief didn't rebuke Orakha for his statement towards Gannala. Or rather, he had been listening to the entire conversation, understanding that all the Mystic Paths had grown enough that they couldn't be entirely kept in check by him.

Orakha had the means to not be influenced by Gannala more than a certain limit. And if he wanted to, he could lower the limit until he was no longer influenced by her. The fact that he didn't do it is because he considered the Mammoth Clan his home and had respect for them.

A typical Mammoth Clansman would be over the moon just to be able to communicate with their Deity. But the Mystic Paths had a past of living in another world. That aspect gave them a certain degree of resistance towards an Empyrean Tusk's influence.

But they were all minor stuff. If necessary, Gannala could have harnessed her influence to the maximum and put all Mystic Paths under her fold. But one thing had changed from the past that impacted her confidence.

Royal Zinger!

Gannala's father, the Indigo Mystic Path was no longer a Mammoth Clansman. Most of all, he was the second person to break free from the Mammoth Clan's fold. First was Virala.

Whether it was Virala or Inala, the methods used by the two of them to break from their Mammoth Clansman identities was something none among the Mammoth Clan could conceptualise or even think the possibility of.

So in the future, the rest of the Mystic Paths too could break free from the Mammoth Clan's fold. And worst of all, they couldn't even predict what they could do. Therefore, it was impossible for them to guard against such matters.

Hence, Raaha wanted to change his approach. After all, Orakha brought the Mammoth Clan an extent of resources that allowed them to sit still and not work in the slightest for the next thirty years.

The last time someone contributed tremendously to the Mammoth Clan and gained their wholehearted support, he ended up becoming the Royal Zinger.

So, Raaha was nervous. If Orakha breaks free from being a Mammoth Clansman, then they'd no longer have the means to keep Maroppa in their custody as the Mammoth Clan's guest. If Maroppa wants to leave, no one can stop her. After all, it was impossible to guard against the Sandy-Grey Void.

She only stayed with the Mammoth Clan for two reasons. First, Orakha was there. Second, she had grown strong enough that she could afford to travel through the wilds and accumulate fighting experience. Going with the Mammoth Clan was a safe bet thanks to their nomadic nature.

Besides, if she plans to flee Sumatra, then being with the Mammoth Clan was the obvious choice, since thanks to their biomes, the Empyrean Tusks had enough resources to last a trip through the Sandy-Grey Void.

Hence, Raaha had to treat this as a delicate situation. Both Orakha and Maroppa were strategic assets of the Mammoth Clan. 'I didn't have to use my head this much even when the Boar King harassed us regularly before the merger.'

He sighed softly and didn't speak much, waving his hand to permit Orakha to do whatever he wanted. Seeing Orakha make a beeline towards Maroppa immediately after, and observing Maroppa being all smiles while conversing with Orakha, Raaha firmed his mind, 'We cannot afford to lose another Mystic Path.'

His gaze was cold as the group reached the foot of the hill at the peak of which resources were being collected. Raaha stared upward and noticed the figure of Virala casually seated atop a pile of resources and observing them in interest.

'He doesn't fear the Mammoth Clan, huh?' Raaha thought and smirked faintly, 'Guess it's time to refresh the memories of everyone.'

'We're not saints to passively accept this disrespect.' Raaha grunted subtly as Prana began to churn through his body, all while his Presence didn't hint at his actions in the slightest.



Chapter 576 Consideration and Conflict

﻿﻿"Hmm…hmmmm…lala…laaa…lalalala!" Virala hummed a tune as he flicked Spirit Containers with his little finger like he was flicking booger. Each Spirit Container was only able to hold one unit of Prana. While exposed to the environment, its already unstable state worsened rapidly, causing it to form cracks, about to shatter in a matter of seconds.

"Let's see…how many variables does this make?" Virala muttered as he stored his thoughts in a Spirit Container cluster, forming a list, "Only when I'm prepared for all scenarios can I react promptly. Twenty variables…is that all?"

He continued to think while observing his surroundings. By now, the entirety of the hill's surface was covered by Spirit Containers, with a good fraction of them in the process of dissipating. The reason he was doing this was simple—alarm!

The moment his other body were to enter the vicinity of one of the tossed Spirit Containers, they would explode in certain way that Virala would be able to react promptly. Considering how he was facing Gannala, it was prudent that he takes all the necessary precautions, "Considering that she's raised by Inala, there should be a lot that she's hiding from even the Mammoth Clan."

While he was doing this, his tail elongated to a length of forty metres and was constantly targeting the Mystic Eaters in the tunnel. The tangible data that condensed in the air, as a result, was spontaneously absorbed into his Spirit Container cluster as Virala swallowed them, muttering in response, "I see, so through the mind aspect of Prana, Orakha is able to imbue some simple commands in the Mystic Eaters. They'll follow that religiously."

"But, simple commands are the limit." He stared at the tunnel to see the Mystic Eaters continue to transport resources out of the tunnel, only to meet their end in the hands of Virala, "Without Orakha available here to actively alter their commands, they cannot even react to my actions, since it's not something they've been commanded to do."

Transport the resources!

That was the only command given to the Mystic Eaters. Hence, they continued to do that, not having the sentience or even minimalistic thought processes necessary to think and react to Virala. Only large Mystic Eaters were capable of such, but they were Prana intensive.

Since there was no need for them in the current situation, Orakha didn't create them. Not only did they require a lot of Prana to be condensed, but their upkeep was a serious drain on his reserves. As he was there to overlook the situation, Orakha didn't wish to waste Prana.

As a result, not that he had vanished, Virala had free rein of the place. Right as he absorbed the data of the four hundredth Mystic Eater, the data cluster related to the Mystic Eaters in his mindspace churned in response.

A few pieces of data flowed out of the cluster and joined together like pieces of a puzzle to form a statement.

[I'll shield you from Brangara's detection means until you've matured. Until then, we'll use my Minor Treasure to cooperate. So, don't do anything stupid by targeting the Mammoth Clan.]

"A show of cooperation once again?" Virala grinned, "Interesting bastard, as expected of a sleazy merchant. You're always on the lookout for benefits…"

While Virala muttered in interest, he was at a loss for words, noticing that something was amiss, "I know why he wants to cooperate with me. We both have a lot to gain from each other. But…"

He frowned, observing the stream of resources continued to be brought out by the Mystic Eaters, "What does he gain from the Mammoth Clan?"

Mammoth Treasury? That didn't seem likely as Orakha wasn't compatible with it. Weaponisation? It was unnecessary, considering the abilities of his compound Human Avatar. Whatever he wanted, Orakha could actively morph his Human Avatar to achieve the effect of.

Tusk bone powder? That was never a resource he needed, since Orakha pretty much followed the Free Human style of Human Avatar building while remaining a Mammoth Clansman. He basically had the best of both worlds.

A safe place for the kid he has with Maroppa? The Mammoth Clan was the last place that could be called safe. After all, the moment Brangara catches a breather and adjusts to his newfound strength, he'd actively target the Mammoth Clan.

Considering Orakha's abilities, he could head to any Free Human Kingdom and become their King. With his Gold Grade strength, he was strong even in the Brimgan Empire, not to mention Free Human Kingdoms.

Since he could gather minerals in their purest forms through his Mystic Eaters, there would be no need to waste time, resources, and manpower on factories geared toward the refinement of ores into minerals.

His ability netted in results that were one hundred percent pure and almost instantaneous. Even if the Kingdom's King was unwilling, with a mere show of Orakha's various capabilities, he'd have to bow down.

And as long as he leaves a Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint in Maroppa and the child he has with her, he can sense the latter's condition and revive to rush to their rescue almost instantaneously.

So, there was no need to move with the Mammoth Clan.

Then, was it loyalty? Virala chuckled at the thought, "He's the last person to have one."

After all, the first day Orakha opened his eyes on Sumatra was when Resha shattered his jaw and fed him to a pack of Mud Vipers. So, if anything, Orakha only had hatred for his life at the Mammoth Clan.

After all, he hadn't lived there long enough to be influenced as a Mammoth Clansman. His childhood at the Mammoth Clan wasn't anything special. An orphan, plus afflicted with the Fragment Disease.

If he failed to prove his value to the Mammoth Clan, he'd be chucked into the mouth of a Pranic Beast. Just like all the Death Row Students, Orakha had heard the statement enough times that his attachment to the Mammoth Clan was at an all-

time low.

Recalling his memories from his time on Earth further built his resistance to the Supreme Tusk Gannala's influence. And even after he was revived, Orakha spent time dying and reviving through the Transcendent Eater.

Once he attained his current build, he obtained Raaha's permission to make a beeline towards the Brimgan Empire. "When I think like this, Orakha doesn't have a single good incident with the Mammoth Clan. Then, why is he on their side?"

"With the number of Sumatra Gold he has, and considering his powers, he can easily block Gannala's influence on him to a great extent. His three Gold Grade Natures would be influencing him to an extent that would easily drown whatever influence Gannala managed to stack on him." Virala became confused the longer he thought.

He then stared at his chest, observing the ribcage that the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint had fused into. A few seconds later, Virala became stunned, too stunned to even speak. Almost five minutes later, he burst out in laughter, "You're bold! Fucking bold!"

"So that was it!" Virala slapped his head, "A business opportunity lies in every crisis. Is that it, Orakha?"

"Well, I'm also fishing for opportunity in a crisis," Virala muttered and became silent, continuing to flick Spirit Containers like booger while his stamp continued to harvest the data of Mystic Eaters.

Eventually, the Mammoth Clan arrived at the foothill, with Raaha taking the lead. 'He's here.'

Virala watched Raaha take a step on the hill while the Empyrean Tusks spread around, encircling the place. He looked around and failed to find Gannala, 'She must be underground. It's a stable approach to the situation, one that's the most robust.'

"But, why are you trying to fight me?" Virala expressed confusion at Raaha, "Did I claim myself as the Mammoth Clan's enemy?"

"I'll decide that once you're our captive." Raaha snorted as he stomped on the hill, seeping his Prana through it to turn the entire hill into sand.

"Aaah!" All the Empyrean Tusks exhaled fiercely, unleashing a cyclic gale that combined to form a tornado and lifted the entire sand hill into the sky, preventing Virala from fleeing into the ground through his Mystic Ewworm form.

Caught in the tornado, with his body spun across high into the sky, Virala remained unfazed. Even when the sand slammed into his body, he was unharmed. It would take a full-powered hit from an Empyrean Tusk to injure him, not a mere tornado.

After all, he had the combined physical strength of two Mystic Grade Pranic Beast bodies.

"I guess we can only have a discussion once you all calm down," Virala muttered as his gaze was serious, observing the bodies of all the Empyrean Tusks. He then noticed the tossed Spirit Containers explode in a certain fashion near the 102nd Empyrean Tusk, 'So, there you are.'

Tertiary Body Stage 1—Brangara!

Virala transformed into the human appearance of Brangara, emanating a presence on the level of the previous Boar King. Even though he wasn't the real one, his presence was the real deal, especially since it stopped all the Empyrean Tusks from continuing with follow-up attacks.

There was an instinctive fear and hesitation in their expression as using the opportunity, Virala clapped aloud, unleashing a shockwave that propelled him faster to the ground. He moved to a spot the farthest from the 102nd Empyrean Tusk, landing on the ground to comment upon the closest Empyrean Tusk, "It seems you're ready to listen to me now."

"Seriously, I'm not an enemy…" Virala transformed into his Mystic Ewworm form, used psychokinesis on his body to speed himself up to the limit, and flickered away from the spot, his heart thumping as he observed Gannala peek out of the ground, barely missing her mark since his reaction speed and movement speed were superior to hers.

But he hadn't even oriented himself when a hole opened on the ground at the spot he landed, as if expecting his arrival there. And flying out of it was a Nature Weapon.



Chapter 577 Virala Vs Virala

The moment Virala purposefully moved in the direction opposite to the 102nd Empyrean Tusk, Gannala became aware that he could sense the existence of his other body. Hence, in accordance to their plan, the 102nd Empyrean Tusk grabbed the Mammoth Clansman Virala's Nature Weapon form that popped out of her Tertiary Nature slot and threw it into the tunnel at her feet with all her might.

The Nature Weapon flew through the tunnel while Gannala purposefully moved underground with enough activity that Virala would be able to sense her approach through the senses of his Mystic Ewworm and evade.

To avoid getting unnecessarily close to the Empyrean Tusks, Virala could only evade towards a safer spot. Gannala's direction of approach narrowed down the spot Virala would flee towards, making it easier to target the tunnel's exit accordingly.

The fastest way to neutralise a weasel-like Virala was to unleash his Mammoth Clan body on him. Once the distance between the two reduces below 180 metres, their minds would synchronise. In the worst-case scenario, it would cause an implosion.

But considering the robustness of Virala's body, there was a higher chance he would live and only have a destroyed mind. Hence it was a solid gamble.

It was too late to evade as the minds of the two began to synchronise. But right as it started, it stopped, not because some mysterious ability took effect, but because there were no longer two minds to synchronise.

Mystic Nature Art!

"Tch!" Gannala stared at the ground splashed with brain matter and observed the tiny hole beside it. She stared at the figure of the Mammoth Clansman Virala who assumed human form, "Did it work?"

"No…!" The Mammoth Clansman Virala grunted in pain before clutching his head as he collapsed to the ground, "He shattered his brain in the instant a connection formed, as if he'd prepared for the possibility already. The trigger to his brain's explosion was the formation of a connection with me."

The greatest function of Mystic Nature Art was the fusion of the heart and Spirit Container, transforming it into a sentient organ capable of wielding Prana. As it could function as a secondary brain, it remained as Virala's backup.

It already had all of Virala's memories. But as it was a secondary brain, it couldn't handle the information load as his primary brain, making it impossible to fight as usual. It was why Virala enacted a planned escape response, heading deep underground in his Mystic Ewworm form.

While waiting for the Mammoth Clan to arrive, Virala prepared for twenty possibilities, out of which Gannala using his other body was the most obvious scenario. In preparation for that, Virala placed a bunch of Spirit Containers in his brain, assembling them in such a way that the moment a connection forms between the two bodies, they would explode and turn the brain into mush.

This way, the connection would be destroyed, since the mind was no more. And at that moment spanning a fraction of an instant when the connection formed, a certain piece of information flowed into the Mammoth Clan Virala's mind.

Virala hid deep underground by taking advantage of his Mystic Ewworm's capability of hiding all traces of itself. Using that opportunity, Prana surged into his destroyed head and began to rebuild it.

In the meantime, the Mammoth Clan Virala clutched his head and roared, following which he unleashed Prana, assuming a certain pose.

"Dammit!" Gannala became alarmed upon seeing his pose as she unleashed a gust of air at him and sent him flying away. She then chased after him and seeped her influence into him, forcefully reverted him to Nature Weapon form and swallowed it.

"Arkk!"

"Gah!"

"Ugh!"

The bodies of all the Empyrean Tusks were in pain as an irresistible feeling overcame them, urging them to break into a set of dance moves. The weaker and younger they were, the lower their resistance to it.

Harrala was the first as her skin began to crack in response. She took a step forward and raised her leg while her hands moved horizontally, assuming a pose. Her hands moved in a clockwise position while her lifted leg moved backward.

As her limbs moved, the cracks on her skin increased, but a couple seconds later, she paused, followed by Gannala's bellow, "Stop!"

Dance of Annihilation!

Gannala activated hers in response and used it to counter the effects unleashed by the Mammoth Clan Virala. Thankfully, all the Empyrean Tusks had two Natures. It was why they could resist the effects and weren't reduced into Natures Weapons.

"Are you alright?" Gannala landed on the ground after swallowing Virala's Nature Weapon form and rushed towards Harrala to inspect the latter's condition, "Breathe in, slowly. Don't use Internal Inertial Gravity. That would only exuberate your condition."

"What…was that?" Harrala muttered in fear, "I felt like I wasn't myself for a moment."

"One of the strongest abilities to have appeared on Sumatra, invented by a power-hungry maniac who thirsted for pinnacle power." Virala's voice resounded as he jutted out of the ground in his Mystic Ewworm form after regenerating his brain. Reverting to human form, he stood at a distance of 200 metres from Gannala and said, "This is the power that singlehandedly made countless races become terrified of the Mammoth Clan for generations, even after information about the power disappeared from all records."

"The Dance of Annihilation!"

He grinned and stared at Gannala, "The moment you use my other body against me, I'll influence it to perform the dance. That body isn't even aware of the Dance of Annihilation's existence. So, it's easy to control it, no matter how much you brainwash its mind."

"That was indeed a mistake on my part, but brainwash?" Gannala revealed a mild smile and spat out the Nature Weapon form of Virala, "I never did that though?"

"What?" Virala was stunned by her words as he stared at his Mammoth Clan self, realising immediately after, "So it's an untampered mind of mine."

"I was stitched back together the moment Gannala brought back Ruvva." The Mammoth Clan Virala said as he recovered from his headache, "It is my duty to take care of my daughter, you see. After all, she's mine."

"Wow, did no one tell you that you're an absolute scum?" Virala laughed.

"All the mirrors did, but," The Mammoth Clan Virala chuckled with a tone of ridicule, "But did that ever matter to us to date?"

'You were a step further in this matter, Gannala.' Virala thought as he stared at his Mammoth Clan self, 'Indeed, with Mystic Grade Weaponisation, that body of mine is a sponge of your influence. So, after it had marinated in your influence for a while now, you've decided to use it.'

The product of Gannala's actions was a Virala in all his capabilities but one the most loyal to Gannala. Similar to how Inala took advantage of the extreme state of living without a Spirit Weapon, Gannala did the same to drown the Mammoth Clan Virala's body with her influence.

After giving him his Spirit Container and his extracted memories, Gannala continued to do the same, resulting in Virala changing at the fundamental level to be the strongest unit of her immune system.

Back at Fentan City, despite his powerful abilities, just being in Gannala's vicinity caused his Nature of Weaponisation to flare up and influence him strongly to protect Gannala. It was to such an extent he was unable to do anything against her and was even temporarily captured by her.

He had to embarrassingly escape after that by using a chance window.

But after living in her biome for years, the Mammoth Clansman Virala had zero chances of ever breaking free from her control. Rather, he was the strongest, most loyal, and most devoted immune system an Empyrean Tusk could possess.

He was Gannala's trump card.

"Chief, I'll deal with him." Saying so, Gannala assumed Nature Weapon form and equipped herself into the Mammoth Clan Virala's Primary Nature, instantly making him immune to the other Virala's antics.

Atop that, the Mystic Nature Weapon of Tunnel was equipped onto the Tertiary Slot as the body Gannala was using before was placed in Raaha's custody.

"Now, shall we go for a round two?" The Mammoth Clan Virala grinned as a voracious amount of Prana billowed out of his being, continuing to spike in intensity, "It'll be interesting to beat up another version of myself."

"Man, this is the problem with the idiots of Sumatra. You all are fucking averse to the notion of communication." Virala sighed as he stared at Raaha, "It seems the lot of you don't wish to recover Grehha and Yennda. Such a pity. And here I thought I could save them for your sake."

"If this is another scheme of yours…" Raaha frowned, intending to take action.

"Seriously, whether you like it or not, Brangara hates me probably only a tad less than Gannala. Or maybe we're even equally detestable in his eyes." Virala shrugged, "Well, not that it matters much to me. But, I thought it was a good opportunity to extort some resources from the Mammoth Clan."

He then pointed at Orakha, "That bastard's revival mechanism has been fused into my ribcage. Even if I were to rip out the part and chuck it out, it'll reappear a day later. So, you can use this turd to keep an eye on me. A new body can revive next to me, observe my actions, and revive back at the Mammoth Clan to report to Gannala about whatever I'm doing."

"At present, I'm the only one with the capability to infiltrate Brangara's home and assassinate Yennda and Grehha right as they are revived by Yarsha Zahara."

"Extort?" Raaha felt displeased about how Virala blatantly revealed his desires, as if he cared naught about the Mammoth Clan's opinion towards him, "What do you want?"

"Nature Weapons," Virala winked at his Mammoth Clan body, "I'll give you a list of the Pranic Beasts whose Nature Weapons I want. That's my payment for cleaning up after Resha's mistakes."



Chapter 578 Composure Amidst Scheming

"If it's just that, then you're unnecessary." The Mammoth Clan Virala shrugged and stared at Raaha, "I can easily accomplish it, Chief."

"Too bad, you can't anymore." Virala laughed, "I've already used that method against her kids once. So she must be actively preparing countermeasures for it now. By the time you reach the Varahan Enclave, she'll be ready to counter you."

"All you'll achieve is giving her the power of Weaponisation." Virala clapped as he stared at his Mammoth Clan self in disdain, "If you aren't aware of what's happening, do me a favour and shut the fuck up. Don't embarrass my brain cells."

The Mammoth Clan Virala wanted to argue but when a stream of information flooded his mind space, thanks to Gannala, he could only shut up, for the other party was speaking the truth. "Tch!"

"But know this, Chief." The Mammoth Clan Virala stared at Raaha to address, "Even I won't trust myself. There is absolutely zero guarantee of this bastard keeping up with his promise."

"Besides, he knows our powers while we have no idea of what he's planning and why he wants Nature Weapons of powerful Pranic Beasts, a good majority of which are at the Gold Grade." He concluded, "We'll be working ourselves to the bone for his benefit."

It was a solid point, especially when the person who said it was the same individual, but one whose loyalty was absolutely geared towards the Mammoth Clan. Raaha fell silent in response, leaning against trusting Virala.

Until now, Raaha only tolerated Virala's actions because he was a Mystic Path and had a sizeable possibility of realising the Mammoth Clan's dreams. But the Virala that wasn't a Mammoth Clansman wasn't someone whose actions and existence Raaha would overlook.

"Just to make it easier for you to make up your mind," As if he had expected such a reaction, Virala pointed at the tunnel whose entrance was reduced to the ground, "There's a lot of resources coming out from it. They all belong to the Brimgan Empire."

"And currently, there's a frightening existence guarding it. With the passage of every day, he's growing stronger with no signs of stopping." Virala laughed, "And I've already made preparations to signal him. Once I do, he'll be here in less than three minutes, considering his current position."

He faced Gannala, "Why don't you tell everyone the fate of the Mammoth Clan in Sumatra Chronicles following the Second Major Disaster after Brandal Brimgan's declaration?"

"Want a repeat of it?"

"Are you threatening us now?" Gannala felt angry. She had yet to fully digest the fact of Inala becoming the Royal Zinger. And now, staring at Virala only served to further ignite her anger.

"The moment you transform, he'll see us." Virala pointed in the direction of the Brimgan Empire, "His attention is already on this place thanks to the sand tornado that appeared before. The only reason he hasn't investigated this place yet is due to the current state of the Brimgan Empire."

"But…" He didn't complete his sentence, pausing purposefully, "A hundred Royals died mysteriously. Now, there are Empyrean Tusks in human form and someone who could create tunnels underground seamlessly. Isn't it a wonderful coincidence?"

"Well, that's still a milder threat." Virala casually pointed at Orakha, "This guy refined Brandal Brimgan into a Minor Treasure. That reason is enough for his children to hunt the Mammoth Clan with boundless hatred."

"Oh, there's one more. It's even better, so calm down." He stared at Gannala, "Ruvva is my daughter. But she's also Yarsha Zahara's daughter."

"Considering her character, she'll do everything in her power to reclaim Ruvva. She'll use Grehha's knowledge of the Mammoth Clan to devise enough traps that you guys won't even know what hit you." He bowed a little towards Gannala, "She already stole valuable secrets of the Mammoth Clan in Sumatra Chronicles. Now, she remembers her past and has sided with Brangara."

"We've come full circle here, with either threat or cooperation." Virala clapped, as if he had enjoyed his performance, "Time is running short. Unless the Mammoth Clan plans to flee Sumatra Continent, you must cooperate with me."

[Ancestor! We intend to leave Sumatra. What are your thoughts?]

Raaha intended to contact Mahira Tusk, but just as in recent days, there was no reply from the Transcendent World—Tentacles of Tusk!

"Fighting with each other is a waste of time and energy. We can instead cooperate and prosper together." Virala concluded, "So, what are your thoughts? Whatever it is, decide soon. I don't have much time to waste, you see, since I'm damn busy sitting on my ass."

"You…will never be a cutie," Wrunnala commented from the side.

"I…am sad." Virala made an exaggerated movement of suffering from intense heartbreak. He snickered, "Please only comment on things I care about."

"Well…" He trailed off and pointed at Gannala and Harrala, "I do care a bit about their opinion though, since it's thanks to their predecessors that I've attained my current height."

"You can leave," Gannala glared, "The Mammoth Clan won't be cooperating with you…"

"Stay silent for a bit, Gannala." Raaha patted her shoulder and stared at Virala, "We will cooperate, but your contribution is lacklustre. It's not worth the Nature Weapons you're asking for."

"That's a pain then." Virala sighed and turned around, intending to leave, "Guess I can only go through the long approach."

"Are there Mammoth Clansmen somewhere else?" The Mammoth Clan Virala asked all of a sudden.

"As expected of myself." Virala grinned as he stared at his Mammoth Clan self, "There are a few scattered amongst the other Kingdoms. I've seen two at the Rumtara Kingdom and one in the Brimgan Empire. From what I have gathered, there are at least a dozen Mammoth Clansmen scattered amidst the kingdoms. They're all living pitiful lives after the Boar King killed their Deities."

"But they should be plenty to create Weaponisation, especially through their kids." The Mammoth Clansman Virala continued the remainder of what Virala wanted to convey.

Virala had already done that once. So all the Empyrean Tusks were aware that he could repeat the process again, since he knew the recipe required to awaken Weaponisation in Mammoth Clansmen.

It would only be at Gold Grade, unlike the one possessed by the Mammoth Clan Virala and Gannala. But it was more than enough to create Nature Weapons. Virala would have to hunt and gather the Nature Weapons for his purpose singlehandedly.

The process might take a few years, but it was doable.

Virala would still be doing whatever the heck he wanted and achieve his objectives in the upcoming years. It was just that the Mammoth Clan wouldn't gain any benefit from that. Only by cooperating with him now would they achieve their objective too.

Without Mahira Tusk's word, they couldn't leave Sumatra Continent. Even the previous herd that left the Continent two millennia ago made the journey only after her input. That was why they were confident of reaching another Continent.

Without her guidance, they'd be like headless lambs blindly roaming the Sandy-Grey Void until the region devours them.

So, until they received her response, the Mammoth Clan had to operate with the intention of surviving on Sumatra.

Thanks to Mahira Tusk's actions against the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye and her repeated aggravation, Sumatra Continent was in a state of alertness. Hence, it prevented all Transcendents from communicating with the leaders of their respective forces on the Continent.

That, and them being forced to fight two Cosmic Beings ensured there would be no response from Mahira Tusk for the time being.

Though he didn't know the full picture, Raaha weighed the pros and cons. He communicated with Orakha through a Bone Slip in the latter's possession.

[Can you monitor all his actions?]

[I'll have to revive constantly between the two locations to ensure nothing amiss happens to my other body. But, if my other body is targeted by Virala, I'll suffer an implosion. To guard against that, I'll have to leave my Minor Treasure in the body of at least one more Mammoth Clansman. Currently, I can only revive next to Ruvva, but my constant revival might interfere with her development. So I want to remove it from her body.]

[Leave one in Gannala then.]

[That won't be wise, Chief. It will influence her immune system, since it's a Minor Treasure. Plus, It's the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power.]

'Indeed, it'll be dangerous for the Clansmen in the Empyrean Tusks. Plus, I cannot leave that risk lying down if in the future he betrays us.' Raaha thought in worry, 'Currently, we're only controlling Maroppa through Orakha. Having a revival won't be of much use, since if he's betraying us, she'll end up following him too.'

'Guess there's only one choice. If worst comes to worst, I can devour his power to revive.'

[Leave one in me then.]

[Yes, Chief.]

Raaha then contacted Gannala through the Bone Slip Skill, trying his best to make an informed decision.

[Do you have a guarantee of being able to read all of Orakha's thoughts?]

[No, as he already explained before, he can choose not to have his thoughts be read if he wants, since he fused a piece of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar. The only way to ensure we can control him properly is if his child is born a Mammoth Clansman. We have to make that possibility a guarantee first.]

[Can you do that?]

[Actually, I'm already done with it. Maroppa is afraid to go against me despite her hatred towards Mahira Tusk, since I can unleash the Dance of Annihilation. She knows my Weaponisation is at the Mystic Grade, unlike Mahira Tusk's Gold Grade Weaponisation. Since my Dance of Annihilation is significantly more powerful, she's happy to be on my good side.]

[That's good to hear.]

[One more thing, Chief. We need to head to the Gaja Enclave if we're collaborating with Virala. There's something I need to obtain there. With it, we'll no longer have to worry about Maroppa going berserk on us.]

[I understand. Keep acting angry on the outside. Let them underestimate your abilities as much as possible.]

[That'll be hard, since they don't fully put down their guard against me even if I behave incompetently, considering whose mind I grew up accessing.]

"Orakha will be keeping a watch over you, so stay in line as per the agreement." Raaha accepted the collaboration between Virala and the Mammoth Clan.

"Awesome!" Virala revealed a content smile and asked, "Since we're cooperating for our mutual benefit, why don't we transact some more?"

Saying so, he condensed a Spirit Container cluster, "I have here exclusive information from the Brimgan Empire's library that only Brandal Brimgan could access."

He then pointed at himself upon transforming into Brangara, "Also everything you can know about this body, from his bias to the pose in which he shits."

"What do you want in return?" Raaha asked, keeping his composure.

"One Transcendent Eater body to consume." Virala said in a tone as if he was asking for a couple of Parute Fruits.



Chapter 579 I’m Not Eating Up To My Full Potential

"Thank you for your sacrifice, Blola." Virala spoke as he stared at the figure of Blola before him, "I'll gift you some knowledge that can help in your mental fight against the Transcendent Eater."

"Their hate towards you is on par with Inala, since both of you are no longer Mammoth Clansmen." Blola clicked his tongue, "So, what the fuck did you gift them that they're happy to help you like this?"

"Drugs," Virala flashed a content smile. But upon seeing the expression of confusion on Blola's face, he groaned, "At times like these, I would have loved to argue with a smarter individual."

"I'm smart enough, damn you." Blola snorted.

"In short, I gave them everything I know about the Boar King's body. It'll help them make plans to kill him better." Virala said with a deadpan expression, "I also gave them a lot of sensitive information from Brandal Brimgan. Basically, I gave everything of value in my possession to the Mammoth Clan to make this cooperation possible."

"I can't understand you," Blola frowned, "Why are you helping the Mammoth Clan while suffering a loss? That isn't like you."

"Did it seem like that?" Virala laughed, "No matter what happens, the Mammoth Clan will always be Brangara's most despised enemies. I just wish to strengthen them so that they don't die fast under his attacks."

"I see, so you're using us as a punching bag." Blola nodded.

"Yes, so the quality of the punching bag should be high enough that it doesn't get damaged by Brangara's punches, right?" Virala snapped his finger, "That's what I want."

Currently, Virala and Blola were at a spot a few kilometres away from the Mammoth Clan, since he wanted to consume the Transcendent Eater.

There was one thing he lied about during his discussion with Raaha. It was the fact that some Mammoth Clansmen were living in the Brimgan Empire, Rumtara Kingdom, and a few other places. Some survivors indeed fled to these places as refugees.

But under the banner of Human Supremacy that the Brimgan Empire advocated, and with all the neighbouring Kingdoms acting as a shuttle of the Empire's opinion, the Mammoth Clan refugees were killed.

Moreover, this happened centuries ago, a part of history.

In Sumatra Chronicles, there were indeed locations where Mammoth Clan refugees lived, consisting of Mammoth Clansmen whose Deities were killed by Brangara over the course of two millennia.

Their mental states weren't in the least sane, considering they lived for generations without their Deity. And honestly, their strength wasn't anything worth writing home about either, being slaves to their Natures.

They were only a tad better than the Empyrean Boars two millennia ago.

Mammoth Clansmen could indeed be found in the wilds, but not in the Free Human territories that advocated the notion of human supremacy. But since Resha revealed a good portion of the details from Sumatra Chronicles to Raaha, the latter now knew that there were Mammoth Clan survivors outside.

Virala used Raaha's knowledge to weave this convenient lie, which is how he forced them to cooperate with him. To be honest, he could indeed capture these Mammoth Clansmen, force them to have kids and make the newborn kids obtain the secondary Nature of Weaponisation.

But it would take a lot of time. And just to travel to their location would take him years, not to mention using their power. The Pranic Beasts he wanted were scattered all over the place. He would be wasting time running around for minimal benefit.

Virala planned to take advantage of the Mammoth Clan refugees in the future, but not now, since it was a race against time. The current situation was politically perfect for him to succeed in his plans. Hence, he went to the trouble of requesting a collaboration.

While Raaha and the Empyrean Tusks were busy discussing the information related to the Boar King's body, Virala walked to a farther location with one body of Blola.

"This is cannibalism," Blola commented, staring at Virala in disgust, "Do you seriously want to eat me?"

"Brangara's growth accelerates when he consumes an Empyrean Tusk. You've read this in Sumatra Chronicles." Virala said, "That's due to the sheer volume of resources, lifeforce, and biomass present in an Empyrean Tusk, all refined by their Prana for centuries."

Tertiary Body Stage 1—Brangara!

"Why consume me then?" Blola was confused, "I'm not an Empyrean Tusk."

"You were one at the start before the Parute King Seed sprouted in it and consumed it to become the Transcendent Eater." Virala said, "But that's irrelevant. In terms of nutritional value, the Transcendent Eater is only inferior to an Empyrean Tusk. But you're a plant-type Pranic Beast now. You can grow endlessly. So, by continuing to eat you, I'll be able to grow at a tremendous speed."

He patted his stomach, "This is robust enough to digest the Transcendent Eater's body and grow accordingly."

Moreover, he had the power of a Mystic Ewworm, a Pranic Beast that consumed the shit of other Pranic Beasts to grow. It was why he targeted it in the first place.

Through the Empyrean Boar King body, Virala will consume the Transcendent Eater's body little by little. As his digestive system finishes the process, a lot of shit will be produced in its rectum, which was perfect for the Ewworm.

Basically, by taking advantage of the Empyrean Boar King's voracious appetite and consumption characteristics, he could also accelerate the growth of his Mystic Ewworm. This way, it wouldn't take 176 years for his Mystic Ewworm form to reach maturity.

Besides, Virala asked for one body, but he wasn't planning to consume the latter whole. That was unnecessary. What he wanted was the energy-dense flesh of the Transcendent Eater. So, he would be consuming parts of it as Blola continues to regenerate them.

This was Virala's plan to blaze through the Life Stage as quickly as possible. Of course, there was one hindrance towards that, which was his Mammoth Clan self.

As long as that body exists, Virala could never reach the 2-Life Stage for his current body. Only after the Mammoth Clan Virala reaches the peak of the Body Stage could Virala condense a second body.

And of course, there was a conflict there. Upon reaching the peak of the Body Stage, the Mammoth Clan Virala could first condense a body. The moment he succeeds, then he'll be the one at 2-Life Stage.

Virala would remain at the Body Stage, helpless. And if he misses the timing again, the Mammoth Clan Virala would enter the 3-Life Stage. Worst of all, since the Mammoth Clan Virala was building his body using Tusk bone powder, he knew exactly when he was reaching the peak, which was a conscious decision.

So, he could stall for as long as he wants, since he has to build his body on his own. The initiative always lay with him, allowing him to quickly condense bodies and grow in strength, all while Virala sat at the side, twiddling his thumb while remaining stuck at the peak of the Body Stage.

Even if they were pretty much part of different races now, from a cultivational standpoint, both bodies of Virala were the same individual. So, as long as both were alive, the highest cultivation attainable to either party was the 9-Life Stage.

'It's a jab at my potential.' Virala was still unrelenting on his primary objective, 'I need to kill my Mammoth Clan body.'

"Let's start," He said and stared at the figure of Blola morph into the Transcendent Eater. They had picked a secluded enough location, having wiped out the local Pranic Beasts already. Hence, they could continue with the process without interruption.

Virala in his Empyrean Boar King form approached the Transcendent Eater and gobbled up a branch, sucking it in like it was a noodle. As the content entered his stomach and was acted upon by his digestive fluids, a steady stream of Prana and nutrition filled his body, allowing him to grow.

Tertiary Body Stage 4—Empyrean!

Secondary Body Stage 4—Mystic!

Virala transformed into a full-fledged Empyrean Boar King, reaching a height of thirty metres. Following that, from his butthole jutted out a long tail, an extension of his full-fledged Mystic Ewworm form.

Virala had simultaneously activated both the transformations. Currently, his body was like a train with two compartments—

The first compartment being Empyrean Boar King and the second being Mystic Ewworm. In terms of battle potential, it was seriously imbalanced, since he didn't mix up the two bodies from a functional aspect.

But that wasn't the goal. Virala only wanted to focus on the Mystic Ewworm's growth. Hence, he grew it as part of his digestive system, with its head positioned as his rectum.

"My eyes!" By mistake, Blola gazed at Virala's form, feeling like he had seen something he never ought to, "Erase my recent memory! Shit!"

"Shut up, bastard!" Virala cursed upon hearing Blola's remarks. Unwilling to be distracted, he filtered out the latter's voice and focused on his growth.

A few hours spanned past and he managed to consume a quarter of the Transcendent Eater's body by mass, feeling nauseous already, 'How the fuck does that pig consume fucking Empyrean Tusks like they are nothing?'

"I have the same body!" Virala roared, "I'm not eating up to my full potential!"



Chapter 580 Developing Mystic Bone Art

﻿﻿Three months passed in such a fashion. The Mammoth Clan didn't migrate to other locations. Instead, they planned to compile their gains and make preparations for the future.

Hence, instead of going through dangerous locations, all while not knowing when Brangara might target them, the Mammoth Clan began to build a temporary home.

They picked a spot 500 kilometres away from the Brimgan Empire, situating themselves at a depth of eight kilometres underground a patch of forest inhabited by Enrans. As Enrans lived here in large numbers, no intruder could get here without being bombarded with Comets.

Only pinnacle powerhouses could endure this bombardment. Even if the bombardment didn't kill them, it would end up alerting everyone in the vicinity that a powerhouse capable of enduring a shower of Comets had arrived at the home belonging to Enrinos and Enrans.

So, it was the perfect defensive measure. At one spot of this thicket of trees stood one at a height of thirty metres and with a girth of two metres. It didn't look anything special, other than a hole in the shape of a door carved into the trunk of the tree.

The moment anyone enters the door, they'd freefall through the hole in the ground below, continuing to fall for a depth of eight kilometres before entering a dome with a radius of two kilometres.

This was created by Gannala while Raaha reinforced the entire structure. Now, the dome was layered by a thick wall of bedrock, making the entire cave system seem natural. It would exist for thousands of years, as if it had formed naturally in the place.

The dome shape wasn't perfect. Instead, it was more cavern in nature, following the natural lay of the land to make it seem natural. This was done so that it wouldn't collapse on them all of a sudden.

It was in this cave that the Mammoth Clan lived. For a couple hours daily, an Empyrean Tusk would assume its Pranic Beast form, allowing the Mammoth Clansmen in its Settlement to move about freely and do whatever was necessary for their daily lives.

After all, while the Empyrean Tusks were in human form, only the biomes in their bodies could sustain their immune system. There were no pathways connecting the biomes that allowed the Clansmen to move from one biome to another.

Once they assumed Empyrean Tusk form, the various channels formed instantly, allowing for the transfer of resources, personnel, etc.

At present, the Empyrean Tusks had more than enough resources, after obtaining everything that Orakha had gathered. Presently, they were working on distributing them across their various biomes, with their immune system helping them micromanage everything.

Best of all, their current location had a vent, similar to the ones forming the Southern Veins of the Brimgan Empire that spewed out toxic substances.

Blola had taken root on the vent and was happily consuming the minerals to birth Parute Fruits. As a result, the Empyrean Tusks hadn't just recovered to their peak capacity, but they were also producing resources in excess in their biomes.

It was to the extent that Raaha had thoughts of increasing their population limit per Settlement from fifty thousand to sixty thousand. But he didn't do that and instead focused on the Bone Viper project.

Even if the details are revealed to the Boar King, so what? The existence of the Bone Vipers perfectly harmonised with the defence and function of the Empyrean Tusks. Hence, the Mammoth Clan focused on increasing the population of the Bone Vipers.

The population will be capped according to the new resource generation capabilities of the Empyrean Tusks. The Mammoth Clan also had to focus on developing the functions of their Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity. Hence, everyone was busy.

"A bit more…" At one corner of the place was Virala, still in the process of consuming the Transcendent Eater's body. As his body grew, so did his Prana capacity. But after every few seconds, his Prana capacity dropped, fluctuating nonstop.

It was because Virala was actively using Gold Kinesis Art on his Spirit Weapon, which was a product of his Secondary Body Stage 1 partial transformation of Tool. Basically, he could condense the tool growing at the tip of his Mystic Ewworm's tail as a Spirit Weapon.

The reason he was using Gone Kinesis Art was simple—to strengthen it further.

His Mystic Ewworm form could condense any mineral into a tail. At the Mystic Grade, Virala was able to rapidly condense a tool using a new mineral in a matter of seconds. This function was already entering the realm of the Major Treasure of Weapon.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the Major Treasure used the most by Resha was Weapon. Its functions were damn simple but extremely overpowered, as is the case with Major Treasures.

When fused with a cultivator, the Major Treasure of Weapon allowed the cultivator to build a Spirit Weapon out of any mineral instantly.

A Mammoth Clansman could only have a Spirit Weapon made out of bone. Every cultivation technique had a mineral to form a Spirit Weapon with, and only this mineral could be used for it.

When Resha had the Major Treasure of Weapon, he could create Spirit Weapons out of all minerals. Once he activates it, a cluster of Prana would form before him. And if it comes into contact with an ore, Resha would be able to detect all the minerals forming it.

The moment he makes a selection, the Prana cluster would absorb the respective mineral from the ore and become a Spirit Weapon in whatever shape Resha desired. The size of the Spirit Weapon was only limited by the quantity of the respective mineral.

At one moment, Resha would be using a Spirit Weapon made out of Reactive Jade, and at the other moment, his Spirit Weapon would be made out of Rutham. The Major Treasure of Weapon would eject out all the Reactive Jade and then absorb Rutham from whatever source Resha feeds it, becoming a Spirit Weapon through it.

It allowed Resha to unleash a variety of attacks through Spirit Weapons.

The Major Treasure of Weapon could absorb a mineral selectively from the ore through physical contact. In contrast, Virala would have to consume the mineral and then accumulate it at his tail. This process took some time.

He also held mineral deposits in his body just to create Tools of various shapes and with various effects—by changing the mineral.

But at the end of the day, though vastly inferior, Virala was able to manually perform the same actions as the Major Treasure of Weapon. In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha was unable to do anything against the Boar King through Weapon, since he neither had Sumatra Gold nor a variety of valuable minerals on the level of Rutham.

Hence, what Virala wanted to focus upon was to create his tool out of a mineral that had proven its effectiveness against Brangara, which was nothing other than his stamp created through the minerals part of the Golden Deity.

Virala consumed minerals containing the strongest concentration of influence from the Golden Deity. He stabilised, made it functionally practical, and amplified its effects to the extreme through a piece of Sumatra Gold.

Through the stamp, Virala could steal the data of even Brangara. Hence, what he wished to do next was to focus on strengthening this power to the extreme, which was possible through only one way—Gold Kinesis Art!

As a cultivation technique focused on the field of refinement, Gold Kinesis Art was perfect for the job. Moreover, it was being applied upon the stamp which was created from the Golden Giant. Basically, an Influenced Region created by the Major Treasure of Deity which was formed thanks to a Brimgan Royal practicing Gold Kinesis Art. So, the synergy was already perfect.

Through Gold Kinesis Art, the power of the stamp could be amplified. It wasn't just that. From the moment he stared at the golden felines used by Boul Brimgan, Virala knew what he wanted to do next.

"I thought you would be scheming against us, but all you did for the past three months is to help us further," Orakha said as he dropped a couple of Nature Weapons next to Virala.

He then pointed at a sedated Pranic Beast carried in a Storage Lantern by Vhalla, one that reverted to its original size of a cube spanning a side of 20 metres. "That's for today."

"Okay," Virala stopped his refinement for a moment, observing his Prana capacity begin increasing. It was fluctuating until now because the moment he used Gold Kinesis Art, he was losing Prana permanently.

By consuming the Transcendent Eater Body, he was maturing too, which caused a series of fluctuations in his prana capacity. He took a breather to gather his thoughts and used his stamp on the Pranic Beast, causing all the data in its mind space to condense outside.

Virala collected them in Spirit Container clusters and gave them to Vhalla who consumed them promptly. Once she digested them, the relevant information appeared in her mind space, which she relayed to the rest of the Empyrean Tusks through the Bone Slip Skill.

While Virala remains at the Mammoth Clan, the latter could make full use of his abilities. This was what formed the foundation of their cooperation. Indeed, the Mammoth Clan intended to take full advantage of that as they captured Pranic Beasts whose data would prove useful for the development of their abilities.

In the Mammoth Treasury, the Mammoth Elders were having the time of their lives, happy throughout exhaustion as they could help develop Mystic Bone Art further.

Yes, since the situation in Sumatra was too dangerous, the Mammoth Clan wanted to improve upon the foundation of their abilities, which was Mystic Bone Art. And they were taking advantage of Virala's abilities to achieve it.

Once Vhalla left, Virala smiled at Orakha, "I only need to scheme when I desperately need something that would affect my endgame growth."

"Are you saying…?" Orakha's eyes widened, "Already?"

"Yup," Virala laughed, "This is my endgame build. I've already attained what I wanted."

"Now, I just need to grow."



