Chapter 271 A Tense Atmosphere

A stream of mist traversed from the tower into the forest below. And hopping through it like frogs were two figures, dressed in long gowns. Long was an understatement as each gown spanned a length of four metres, trailing past their hopping figures like a serpent.

The garment was monochromatic in nature, with the one on the left being yellow while the other was pink, a male and female respectively. Both were bald, sporting heads that reflected the sunlight.

They weren't simply bald. There wasn't a strand of hair on their body, for both the man and the woman, including their eyelids, eyebrows, and even nose hair. There was a thick layer of mascara on their eyelids, matching their clothes in colour.

Their ink-black eyes stared at the trio standing far away, despite being veiled in the mist they created as they hopped. Both were at the Body Stage, halfway into building their bodies.

The man in yellow observed the trio and spoke, "I can't see any vessel on the island. How did they come here?"

"If they are from the Brimgan Empire, they might own strange Spirit Weapons." The woman in pink replied, her voice parlous.

"What do you think they came here for?" The man in yellow asked next.

"Minerals, obviously." The woman in pink laughed, "Everyone knows we have some of the rarest minerals in Sumatra. The Free Humans can build powerful Human Avatars using them."

Soon, they arrived at the location and landed on the ground three metres before Inala, dispersing the mist partially. There was still faint mist lingering behind them, in which their lengthy robes fluttered, never touching the ground.

'What a damn waste of Prana.' Gannala snorted mentally.

"You must be the merchant from the Brimgan Empire." The man in yellow introduced himself, "I'm Tuktuk and the Immortal next to me is Lady Kaka."

"It's a pleasure making an acquaintance with legendary immortals such as you," Inala made a formal bow and introduced his side, "I am Inala. This is my wife Asaeya and our child, Gannala."

"Likewise, Sir Inala." Tuktuk's tone turned respectful upon realising both Inala and Asaeya were in the Body Stage. Since Gannala masked her strength using the power of the Inhibition Needle, she only appeared to be at the Spirit Stage, having two units of Prana.

"May I ask your reason for visiting our territory?" Tuktuk asked next, eyeing Asaeya and Gannala once, nodding in acknowledgement.

"We have come here to primarily purchase the Influence Easing Elixir." Inala said, "We also hope to buy many other medicines exclusively produced by the Cooter Clan."

"Influence Easing Elixir?" Kaka expressed her surprise, "Sir, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but that's outrageously expensive. It's only available at our Clan and not at an outpost like this."

"I'm aware," Inala nodded, "But I don't know where your Clan exists. The only location listed on my map is this island."

He cupped his fists, "I request your help in this matter."

"Well, that depends on what you're using to purchase." Tuktuk said, motioning for Inala to display his wealth, "I'm afraid we'll have to send you away if all you're offering are Parute Fruits."

"Take it out." Inala nodded at Asaeya. In response, Asaeya activated her Four-Storey Storage Lantern, making it reach its original size.

The expressions of the two Cooter Clansmen stiffened upon seeing the Storage Lantern, but they didn't say anything else, keeping their opinion to themselves.

One of its doors opened as a golden pebble sporting a metallic lustre flew out. Asaeya grabbed it and gave it to Inala who then presented it to the two Cooter Clansmen.

"This is…" Tuktuk frowned as he observed the mineral, unable to figure out its identity, "What is it exactly?"

"Rutham," Inala said, "This is the mineral used by my Empire's Royalty to build their Human Avatars."

"This is Rutham?" Kaka exclaimed in surprise and extended her hand, "Can I touch it?"

"Feel free," Saying so, Inala threw it to the lady.

"This is hard," Kaka observed it for a couple of minutes before returning it to Inala, "I apologise as we're unable to confirm its identity. We need to present it to our leader. But fret not. If it's really the infamous Rutham, we'll make arrangements to bring you to the Cooter Clan."

"Please," Tuktuk motioned for the trio to follow them as he and Kaka walked towards the tower in the centre of the island.

[Be patient for a bit longer.]

Inala communicated with Asaeya upon seeing that she was getting restless, thinking in relief, 'If not for the Inhibition Needles, she would have flipped out long ago.'

From time to time, Ewworms continued to target them. Even though the Empyrean Zinger Commanders were the ones to deal with them, their emergence irritated her.

'What is that ability?' Tuktuk thought as he observed from the corner of his eye, noticing a tiny wood-coloured hand hover behind Inala's back and deal with any Ewworm that targeted him. The case was the same for Asaeya and Gannala too, 'All three of them seem to possess the same power.'

The Empyrean Zinger commander was hidden within their clothes. Tuktuk failed to notice them since he hadn't used his Prana senses, for doing so would be rude to their guests.

If he were to unleash his Prana, Inala and Asaeya would be able to sense it. They would take offence. It was why he hadn't done that, solely reliant on sight to observe their abilities.

A Cooter Clansman would react the moment they see anything related to the Mammoth Clan. Hence, Inala coated the Prana Hands with tree bark.

He noticed their stiffening expression the moment Asaeya activated her Storage Lantern. The only reason they didn't voice their opinion was because merchants usually carried their goods in Storage Lanterns.

Thirty minutes of slow walking later, they arrived at the tower. Tuktuk opened the door and beckoned for the trio to enter, "Please come in."

"Our Leader is waiting."

"Okay," Inala was the first to set foot within the tower's ground floor, noticing a reception room that was circular in shape. Lined along the edges were sofas, numbering eight in total. Six of them were currently occupied, with the seat opposite the entrance placed a step higher, indicating the leader's position.

Tuktuk and Kaka occupied the remaining two seats right after entering the reception room. Asaeya looked around, failing to see any other seat, wondering what was happening. Three awkward seconds later, she frowned, realising that they were meant to stand while the Cooter Clansmen would remain seated.

'These bastards!' She thought, intending to teach them a lesson by stripping them of all their senses. There were eight of them, an even number, perfect for her ability to take full effect. Besides, all of them were at the Body Stage. So, she had more than enough Prana to steal all their senses, as the strength of seven Cooter Clansmen was only at the Iron Grade.

[Calm down! It's just how they are!]

Inala's message rang in her Bone Slip, forcing her to relax. She then noticed Gannala too behaving the same way, having been chided by Inala. But the fact that Inala was being treated like this triggered her.

One more nonsense, and she was ready to strike.



Chapter 272 Please Die

"I am Ralral, leader of Leh Island." The Cooter Clansman seated in the leader's seat was a lean, bald woman, sporting black mascara that matched her black gown. She was at the peak of the Body Stage, the strongest in the region, and also the only one among the group of eight with Silver Grade status.

The Cooter Clan liked to call themselves immortals, despite possessing the same lifespan as all cultivators according to their Grade. The reason was due to their superior affinity to nature, able to control their immediate vicinity.

In their eyes, they were controlling the Sumatra Continent itself, even though it was an infinitesimally small portion. Hence, they addressed themselves as immortals, capable of leaving a mark on the continent. Because of the way they saw themselves, they considered everyone else inferior.

The fact that they didn't offer any seating arrangement to their guests was simply because they felt that even granting an audience to Inala was doing his group a massive favour.

Hence, even though the words of Tuktuk and Kaka were polite until now, their attitudes remained snobbish, treating Inala as an inferior creature. At least, they were subtle about it.

On the other hand, Ralral was open about her views, resting her chin on one hand as she arrogantly gazed at Inala, "I've been informed that you're from the Brimgan Empire."

"Show me the mineral in your possession," She said, "I'll make a judgement myself."

Inala took out the piece of Rutham and extended it towards Ralral, watching a mist cloud form under it and carry it towards her. She inspected it for a few seconds and commented, "This is indeed the real deal."

She stared at Inala, "How much of it do you have in your possession?"

"Enough to purchase the Influence Easing Elixir," Inala spoke, noticing that even he was feeling irritated by now.

"It feels your ears aren't functioning well," Ralral mildly lowered her tone, "I asked how much you have in your possession."

"Two cubic metres worth," Inala said, keeping calm, repeatedly messaging Gannala and Asaeya to remain steady.

"I see," Ralral nodded as the reception room was gradually covered by mist, reducing visibility. She blatantly used her Prana to probe Inala, Asaeya, and Gannala. While doing so, her attention fell on his Sumara Ship, Sumatra Canon, and Sumatra Lantern, feeling the presence of a superior mineral on it.

Cooter Clansmen dealt with minerals all their lives, capable of instinctively perceiving the quality of one through their Primary Nature. The stronger the Grade of their Primary Nature, the better their perception regarding minerals.

As Ralral was at the Silver Grade, she could feel that the mineral in these three items was vastly superior to the Rutham. There was no comparison. Rutham seemed like hot garbage before it.

'Both are at the Body Stage. Judging by their presence, Inala has built around a tenth of his body while Asaeya has barely built five percent of her body.' She thought and communicated with the other Cooter Clansmen through the mist.

[Is there anyone else from their side lurking on our island?]

[I finished scouting while Tuktuk and Kaka went to escort them. There's no one else on the island. Moreover, I sensed three Gold Grade Pranic Beasts near our shore, slowly circling our island. If any powerhouse is hiding in the sea, they would have sensed them already.]

[I tried to look for a ship, but couldn't find one. But since they are from the Brimgan Empire, they might possess strange Spirit Weapons capable of taking the place of a ship.]

'Is that what they are?' Ralral thought as she stared at the three items in Inala's possession. After some thought, she decided to take them for herself, 'But first, I must figure out their intentions.'

"Two cubic metres of Rutham isn't worth a single vial of the Influence Easing Elixir." Ralral spoke as she stared at Inala, "What else do you have? Take them all out."

"Dad, I think this is the limit of my patience." Gannala sighed as she exhaled softly, unleashing a gale that sent the mist gushing out of the tower, clearing the reception room.

"She cleared my mist with mere air pressure…?" Ralral was stunned to see such a frightening level of power from a mere five-year-old girl. But then, she exclaimed in realisation, "You…!"

At a young age, in human form, and possessing an exorbitant amount of power, there were only two options here. But if she were a newborn Empyrean Snapper, then Ralral would have felt it long ago. But as she hadn't, then there was just one answer to Gannala's identity.

"You're an Empyrean Tusk!"

'I feared this would happen.' Inala sighed, mentally praising Gannala for having endured as long as she did.

Originally, Inala hoped to trade his way into acquiring both the Influence Easing Elixir and the various medicines Gannala needed to obtain her Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. But it was apparent that Ralral had no intentions to trade.

The Cooter Clansmen were snobby and considered themselves as rulers of Sumatra. If they wanted something, they would take it. No one had the guts to hold them accountable. After all, from the Dralh Sea, the aquatic region stretching through its eight Channels into other rivers and seas was all part of the territory where the Cooter Clan roamed.

The water was their domain and no force was strong enough to threaten them. Even the Boar King only attacked them once. After killing two Empyrean Cooters and obtaining his hands on the Mystic Mist Art, he returned.

He was a creature of the land. Hence, aquatic combat wasn't his speciality. Besides, he had no hatred towards the Cooter Clan.

Therefore, unlike the Mammoth Clan that had to constantly face the Boar King and be kept in check by him, the Cooter Clan grew unfettered. Moreover, unlike the Empyrean Tusk herd that split into two herds a couple millennia ago, the bale of Empyrean Snappers remained united, their numbers surpassing two hundred.

As a result, Cooter Clansmen were extremely arrogant, a tad more than Mammoth Clansmen. To date, they never had to and never needed to trade with others. Therefore, business with Inala was a one-time transaction.

In that case, why would Ralral part with valuable Elixirs when she could get them for free after killing Inala? The three mysterious minerals in his possession garnered her undivided attention. Moreover, accidents happened throughout Sumatra. Without a means to communicate, the Brimgan Empire wouldn't know if Inala was alive or not. And if he was dead, they wouldn't be privy to where or how he died.

Anything could happen. So, there would be no consequences to her actions if Ralral were to kill Inala and his group. But when Gannala revealed her identity, Ralral became nervous for a moment before grinning upon sensing the latter's strength through the Prana she emitted, 'Gannala has close to 600 Prana. Thank goodness. That's well within what we can handle.'

Even if Inala and Asaeya were Mammoth Clansmen who were capable of taking on three or four Free Human peers on the same level, it didn't matter. Ralral's side had greater numbers and superior strength individually.

Cooter Clansmen too were capable of taking on three or four Free Human peers on the same level. Therefore, the fight was easily in their favour. And if she manages to kill an Empyrean Tusk, she'll be regarded as a hero in her Clan.

"This is the opportunity of a lifetime," Ralral commanded her Clansmen to take action as jet-black smoke wafted out of her body, "If we manage to kill an Empyrean Tusk, we'll be heavily sponsored by our Clan to become powerful masters."

"That sounds amazing!" Kaka roared in laughter as pink mist revolved around her to condense into a giant cloudy hand that flew towards Inala, addressing the latter, "So, sorry about that, Mammoth Clansmen."

"Please die."



Chapter 273 Cooter Clansmen Vs Mammoth Clansmen

Upon reaching the Body Stage, a Free Human begins to build their Human Avatar. They can then transform their body into their Human Avatar accordingly, possessing the power of the mineral they had fused into their Spirit Container. At the peak of the Body Stage, they would be able to completely transform into their Human Avatar form.

A Mammoth Clansman upon reaching the Body Stage would possess the power of the Pranic Beast their Spirit Container had fused with. They couldn't take on their Pranic Beast form through most of the Body Stage. Only upon reaching the peak of the Body Stage, having completely built their Spirit Container into the respective Pranic Beast could they assume their Pranic Beast form.

The power they obtained was directly dependent on the fused Pranic Beast.

A Cooter Clansman upon reaching the Body Stage would take a dip in a Spirit Pool, a pool rich with Prana that had fused with a mineral, influenced and possessing some of the characteristics of the Empyrean Snapper.

The Empyrean Snapper resembles a turtle in appearance, with the shell on its back spanning an area of sixteen square kilometres. As the Empyrean Snapper lives in its aquatic habitat, it consumes all sorts of minerals as its primary source of nutrition.

Over time, a mountain grows on its back, entirely made out of the minerals it had consumed. The Cooter Clan would live on it, sustaining themselves through the resources generated by the mountain.

The mountain is akin to a deposit on the Empyrean Snapper's body and is not considered as part of it. Though of course, it's entirely under the Empyrean Snapper's influence.

Over time, minerals would deposit in certain areas on the mountain, gradually accumulating the Empyrean Snapper's Prana. Eventually, they turn into Spirit Pools.

When a Cooter Clansman reaches the peak of the Spirit Stage and fuses their 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole and takes a dip in a Spirit Pool, all the energy collected in it would flow into their body to fuse into their Spirit Container, successfully allowing them to reach the Body Stage.

It grants them power—a Primary Nature—according to the mineral concentrated in the Spirit Pool. A Cooter Clansman is capable of absorbing this power because the Mystic Mist Art allows them to ingest, control, and assimilate fluids similar to bones for the Mammoth Clansmen.

Primary Nature—Rash Mist Dominance!

Kaka generated pink mist in her Spirit Weapon range. She condensed the pink mist into a cloudy hand, spanning a metre in size, and sent it flying toward Inala. Upon coming into contact with it, the target would develop rashes all over their body with extreme severity. Their immune system would go ballistic—for that was the cause of a rash.

If enough of its effect accumulates in a target, their body would implode from within.

A Prana Hand flew forth and slammed into the pink, cloudy hand, causing the latter's size to drop in half upon clashing.

"Urgh! He can steal Prana! Be careful!" Kaka shouted as she reeled in pain from losing more than twenty Prana in that short contact. Her cloudy hand dispersed into mist and approached Inala before seeping into his nose.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Suddenly, Inala and Gannala both whipped up four Spirit Weapons. As for Asaeya, she pulled out six Spirit Weapons, creating a chaotic battle exchange between both sides.

With a stomp from Inala and Gannala in unison after activating Internal Inertial Gravity, the tower crumbled, forcing the Cooter Clansmen to evacuate in a hurry. But right at that time, they noticed to their shock that they were unable to see, hear, smell, touch, or sense anything.

They lose all their senses. And stunningly, the Prana of four of them began to drop rapidly.

Asaeya and Gannala stuck close to Inala as the Empyrean Zinger King crawled to his head. It used a bunch of Prana Bombs to create an umbrella to shield them from the tower's collapse. Three pillars jutted from the side and stabbed deep into the ground, with each of them being a Spirit Weapon.

The Empyrean Zinger King controlled them to erect a stable umbrella-like platform, watching the debris fall and create a thunderous boom. Dust splashed, smoke billowed, and the rubble piled upon, burying everyone.

Cracks formed on the cylindrical mound that once hosted the eight-storey tower.

The dust settled down slowly, followed by drilling sounds. Soon after, there was a powerful gust of air that spilled out the debris, revealing unharmed figures of Inala, Gannala, and Asaeya.

"Hmm…" Inala observed the faint traces of rashes that had formed on his skin.

"It's itchy, Dad," Gannala commented and focused on erasing the traces.

"They are all alive. Don't let down your guard yet," Asaeya commented alertly, sensing eight distinct Prana waves being emitted from under the rubble. Immediately in response, mist billowed out of the gaps between the rubble and steadily rose the rubble, clearing the way for eight people to walk out, only sporting minor injuries.

Prana surged in their bodies and began to heal their injuries. In the meantime, mist continued to spread out, blocking the senses of Inala and the rest.

"It's not working?" Asaeya spread out her Prana, noticing that it was unable to move beyond a couple metres from her position. The mist was actively blocking her Prana, preventing her from sensing more than two metres away from her.

She then shouted, noticing her voice getting muffled, 'They are smart enough to hinder our attacks.'

"Let me deal with this," Inala said and brought out four Prana Bombs that revolved around him like satellites, gradually increasing their radius as they spun. The moment they touched the mist, the Prana forming it was consumed, causing the mist in their vicinity to vanish.

As the Prana Bombs spun around, the mist in their vicinity cleared up, but the Cooter Clansmen were nowhere to be found.

"Go, look around." Inala sent his five Empyrean Zingers to scout the place, "Stay within range."

"If they escape, things would become messy," Asaeya said.

"Well, there's nowhere they can escape toward." Inala said and peered at the sky, "The Death Hour will begin soon. Even if they have a boat ready, with how far the closest island is, they'll be vaporised halfway during their journey."

'Besides, they're like headless chickens after losing all their senses.' Inala thought. The escape mechanism displayed by the Cooter Clansmen ought to be something they already installed in place, prepared for various contingencies.

Since trade negotiations already went to shit, the only other method to gain the necessary resources for his goal was through plunder. And since these eight were aware of his identity, they couldn't be spared.

"Let's look around in safety." Saying so, Inala took out the Sumatra Ship to remain unharmed, since once the Death Hour began, Pranic Beasts under the Gold Grade would rush into the islands, swarming the region.

The trio got inside and remained at the top of the mound, observing mist cover the entire island. Clearing all that mist using his Prana Bombs would take forever. Hence, Inala didn't bother with such a futile action and instead intended to remain in safety at the top of the cylindrical mound until the Death Hour ended.

"I'm sorry, Dad." Gannala said sullenly, "I jeopardised your plan."

"Nope, you didn't." Inala patted her head, "The trade deal was merely an optimistic approach from my side. I didn't have much confidence in it succeeding since the Cooter Clan never trades with others."

'The primary reason is the lack of information about their culture. Not much was shown in Sumatra Chronicles.' Inala thought and silently made a decision, 'Once I get hold of their data, I'll try to trade on another island with an informed approach.'



Chapter 274 Death Hour

"We messed up a bit back there," Ralral spoke once she regained her senses, observing that this happened only after four of her Clansmen expended all their Prana. She concluded after analysing the previous battle, "Asaeya can steal our senses using sound. We can counter her with our mist. As long as her sound doesn't reach us, we needn't worry about her."

"The problem is Inala," She said, watching the others nod in response, "He's able to steal the Prana in our mist. That makes him by far the most dangerous."

"Our defensive arrangements remain vulnerable before him."

"He's able to steal 10 Prana every second." Kaka calculated her exchange with Inala and spoke, "Somehow, he's able to control four Spirit Weapons."

"So, he can steal forty Prana every second." Ralral exhaled softly, "That's troubling indeed."

Currently, they were huddled within an abandoned mine, having terraformed it into a stronghold. Right before the Death Hour starts, Pranic Beasts would surge into the island.

The job of these eight Cooter Clansmen was to protect the entrance to the mine where the two thousand Free Humans worked. They would spend the Death Hour facing the Pranic Beasts, doing everything possible to hold out until then.

After all, the Pranic Beasts were aquatic creatures. They wouldn't be able to survive on land for long. Hence, right as the Death Hour ends, they would retreat into the water. Remaining on the island would be dangerous after that, as immediately after the Death Hour, there would be a cold downpour.

Immediately in response, the Dralh Sea would begin freezing.

There were times when too many Silver Grade Pranic Beasts came onto the island, overwhelming the Cooter Clansmen. Hence, for such situations, they made arrangements throughout the island, one of which was a wave of mist that would envelop the entirety of the island, dampening sound, decreasing Prana sensing range to merely two metres, and also reducing visibility to zero.

This way, the Pranic Beasts would be able to target the mine and would stay put for the hour.

When they lost their senses, Ralral activated one of her arrangements, causing a mist cloud to form and drag them all to this cave. As it moved on the ground, it was slow. But since the entire island was covered by mist already, they remained hidden until arriving at their stronghold.

And now, they formulated a battle strategy to deal with Inala's group. Staring at three people, Ralral said, "The three of you will deal with Asaeya. Attack her from long range. Kaka, you're in charge of this team."

She then pointed at three other people and faced Tuktuk, "You're in charge of this team. Deal with Gannala. She'll be able to destroy the ground and unleash powerful gusts of air, so be ready to defend each other when necessary. No matter what, never fight her head-on. A single punch from her could shatter your body."

"I'll face Inala," Ralral concluded and stared at the last member of her group, "You're in charge of replenishing the mist that covers the island. We have an advantage in this terrain. So, as long as we maintain it, our victory is only a matter of time."

All eight Cooter Clansmen inhaled the surrounding mist, activating their Mystic Mist Art to consume the Prana within the mist and replenish their reserves. In a matter of minutes, they were at full capacity.

In terms of combat strength, a Mammoth Clansman was stronger. But in terms of recovery means, a Cooter Clansman was superior. They planned to play by their advantages. And since they had a good grasp of their enemy's power, they were confident enough to win.

Inala had the power to absorb Prana through his Spirit Weapons. Asaeya was able to steal the senses of her targets through sound. And finally, Gannala was an Empyrean Tusk. Hence, with enough preparations, they could kill their foes.

The fact that Inala could possess more than one Nature never even crossed their minds. After all, such a feat was impossible. The butterfly effect created due to the regressor and six reincarnates didn't reach here.

Hence, their information and strength level were a mirror of Sumatra Chronicles.

Ralral closed her eyes and spread her senses through the mist covering the island, patiently sensing its flow. A minute later, her eyes shot open, "The mist in the region of our tower has been consumed. They are camping there."

She then observed the sky, making a prediction, "The Death Hour will begin in a minute. We'll spend this hour accumulating strength. Right as it ends and the cold shower starts, we'll attack."

"What about the Free Humans?" Tuktuk asked.

"The mist is covering the island. So their presence wouldn't be revealed for the time being." Ralral said, "I formed a barrier at its entrance. It's their fate if a Pranic Beast still manages to make its way into the mine."

"Killing the trio takes priority." Ralral said, "We don't want them to get too comfortable with our place and set up defensive arrangements."

Right as she predicted, the Death Hour approached on the dot.

There was a subtle change in the sky, following which the bubbles on the Dralh Sea subsided. The ink-black sea began releasing all the heat stored in it.

At the layer of water right above the seabed, heat began moving up, rapidly cooling down the layer of water to normalcy. But the layer right above it now possessed twice as much heat as before. Soon, the heat in the second layer was transmitted upward.

Now, two layers above the seabed, the heat within the third layer was three times as usual. As the heat continued to move up, it piled up into the successive layers, creating a layer of intense heat.

The powerful Pranic Beasts among the Gold Grade and Silver Grade were the first to swim down into the section of water above the seabed, for the temperature levels here had dropped to normalcy.

As the layer of heat began to move up, the Pranic Beasts continued to move below it, taking refuge in the safe waters. But soon, there came a point where the heat contained in the layer reached the point where it became plasma.

Any Pranic Beast that touched it now became vaporised instantly. The region of water underneath it was packed to the brim with Pranic Beasts like sardines. At the bottom-most were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Above them were Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in the descending order of their strength.

Some crafty Iron Grade Pranic Beasts too managed to reach this side and make space for themselves before the layer of heat turned plasma.

The Pranic Beasts stranded on the other side began to rush towards the surface, making their way towards the islands scattered around the Dralh Sea. They congregated on the islands, fighting for a spot as the land area was limited, resulting in a bloodbath.

The plasma layer continued to move upwards, absorbing more and more heat. It also vaporised the water that came in contact with it, resulting in billowing volumes of vapour gushing out like thousands of volcanic eruptions happening simultaneously, side by side.

These vapours carried some of the heat in the upper levels, creating a wave of mild plasma capable of melting the bodies of any Pranic Beast under the Gold Grade, resulting in the Dralh Sea's infamous phenomenon that lasted for an hour at the end of the day, every day.

Death Hour!

-----------------

Join our Discord Server: discord.gg/BR5kt99dhV

I'll begin releasing some character art there. First on the list is Granny Oyo.

-----------------



Chapter 275 Battle Upon Death Hour (Part 1)

"This level of heat is insane!" Inala peeked out of the Sumatra Ship and saw mist cover the entirety of the region beyond the island's confines.

Every second, dozens of thunderous sounds reverberated as pockets of mist exploded. With enough temperature and pressure buildup, not to mention charge being built up in the mist, the water molecules split into hydrogen and oxygen, carried by the billowing waves to later fuse once again, resulting in massive explosions.

Boom! Boom! Kaboom!

Shockwaves travelled across the region, with some of them even reaching Inala. Thankfully, by the time they reached him, they were merely loud sounds, having expended most of their destructiveness.

Crack! Crackle!

There was nonstop thunder as the mist ionised, creating a spectacle of colours as energy waves in various frequencies were radiated. It was a spectacle of sound and light, breathtaking to view from afar and would literally take his breath away if he were to come in contact.

It felt like the world came crashing down. There was an explosive wall of mist with ionised spectrums acting like a wall to surround the island, causing him to feel claustrophobic. The once massive world had now shrunk to the size of this tiny island, six square kilometres in area.

Inala stared at the ground from his vantage point on the mound, observing large bodies leap out time and again from the mist—unleashed by Ralral—covering the island ground. The bodies piled up as Iron Grade Pranic Beasts climbed over each other, trying their everything to make space on the island for more.

Hordes upon hordes of Pranic Beasts continued to rush into the island as the plasma layer in the Dralh Sea gradually approached the surface. It would take exactly an hour for this layer to reach the surface. This explosive spectacle of light and sound would continue until then.

The mound was the only safe region on Leh Island now, thanks to its altitude of a hundred metres. Of course, many Pranic Beasts noticed the existence of more space and began to rush towards it using the helical flight of stairs.

The forerunners were a group of Pranic Beasts with amphibian characteristics, sporting bouncy flippers that allowed them to hop four metres with every jump. Their tail and fins acted to aerodynamically control their jump trajectory, allowing them to even make sharp turns in the air.

They observed the Sumatra Ship, opened their mouths and spat out tiny spheres that arched towards the target and exploded upon contact. Waves of Prana spread around the area, affecting Inala as he was still peeking out.

His body became numb in response as a powerful sense of lethargy enveloped him. He stared lazily as one of the hopping Pranic Beasts parted its jaws four ways, revealing a dozen rows of sharp teeth and clamped upon him.

"Get lost!" Gannala's shout reverberated in anger as a powerful gust of air slammed out, knocking all the hopping Pranic Beasts out of the mound.

"Dad, are you alright?" Gannala pulled Inala inside the Sumatra Ship in a hurry and closed the hatch.

"I'll…tell later," Inala replied while yawning, frustratingly dallying in his response. Two seconds later, he recovered, trembling, "That was a messed-up ability."

A thought from him and four Prana Hands flew out to grab a hopping Pranic Beast from the batch that started to climb up the helical flight of stairs. It screamed and shot multiple energy spheres, but the Prana Hands dexterously evaded them.

Its Prana was depleted quickly as its weak body was pulled into the Sumatra Ship. Touching it, Inala activated his Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill. He fished out its skull and accessed some of its data, quickly surfing through its memories from every time it came to the island.

It fled to a different part of the island daily, heading wherever there was free space. Inala captured a few more Pranic Beasts and fished out their skull, surfing through their memories through the safety of the Sumatra Ship.

His five Empyrean Zingers took charge of defence. Ten minutes later, his eyes glinted, "Found it!"

He zeroed in on the location where Ralral had fled, "Let's head there immediately."

"Can't we wait until the Death Hour ends?" Asaeya asked.

"It's too risky," Inala said and explained the situation at play, "Currently, there are plenty of Pranic Beasts on the island, piling upon each other. Their skeletons are a reserve strength for us. Gannala can use them to create favourable terrain for us mid-battle. Hence, if we fought now, the advantage lies with us."

But once the Death Hour ends," Inala shook his head and stared up, "There would be a cold shower. The Dralh Sea will begin to freeze in parts. The intense rain creates a perfect environment for the Cooter Clan. Just like we control bone, they can control fluids. Moreover,"

He said in seriousness, "We are confined by the distinct shape and size of our Spirit Weapon. They are not."

Basically, water and mist could act as their Spirit Weapons. Best of all, they didn't need to be of a fixed mass, volume, or shape. As long as they mix a refined drop—Spirit Weapon equivalent—with a large volume of water, they can control the entire pool of water like a Spirit Weapon.

Its shape could vary freely, allowing them to dextrously control them and fight with added advantages. 'Resha's Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone in Sumatra Chronicles was derived from this ability of the Cooter Clan. It allows him to freely control streams of bone like a Spirit Weapon.'

"Basically," Inala concluded, "When it rains, the sky and ground become their Spirit Weapon. They can use the rain to rain bullets on us."

"I understand now," Asaeya expressed her shock, "They are probably waiting to kill us once it starts to rain."

"Yup," Inala nodded, "We'll definitely die when that happens. My Sumatra Canon can kill them, but as long as I am careless for a moment, a drop of rain will penetrate my head."

"We need to kill them before the Death Hour ends," Saying so, Inala created a bunch of Prana Bombs, flattened them, and stuck them like scales on his Sumatra Ship. Air gushed out of its vents as the Sumatra Ship glided in the air, making a beeline towards the hidden cave used by Ralral and group as their stronghold.

He peeked out from a hatch at its top, watching the Sumatra Ship glide towards a cave entrance hidden amidst mist. He took out his Sumatra Canon and loaded it with ten Prana Bombs, "Let's give them an explosive greeting."

One after another, the Sumatra Canon shot out ten Prana Bombs, generating ten, densely interlinked shockwaves layered upon each other, almost mixing. The ten-layered shockwave spread out for almost a hundred metres radially as ten Prana Bombs flew in a single file, right behind each other, sporting a gap of less than two centimetres between each other.

There was a barrier of mist covering the cave's entrance, thick in nature, strong enough to tank a full-powered hit from even four Centingers. And with its recovery means, the damage would be mended before a second artillery strike could arrive.

It would be even more difficult for regular Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to dent the mist barrier. But now, the very same barrier made a subtle plopping sound as it burst like a bubble. The ten Prana Bombs slammed dead centre, causing the cave to come crashing down.

"Here comes the thunder!"



Chapter 276 Battle Upon Death Hour (Part 2)

A Mammoth Clansman at the peak of the Body Stage transforms into their respective Pranic Beast form. At the same level, a Free Human takes on their Human Avatar form. A Cooter Clansman had their Spirit Weapon transformation.

Their body transforms into an object, behaving like a Spirit Weapon. Its shape and size resemble a Cooter Clansman's heart, continuously pumping out Prana. Surrounding it to form a false body would be mist influenced by their Primary Nature.

This false body could either be the same size as their original body or could grow into a giant. The only difference would be the Prana consumption necessary to maintain such a giant false body.

The biggest advantage of this is the fact that the false body is merely a mass of fluid acting as a Spirit Weapon. Whether or not it gets obliterated wouldn't affect the Cooter Clansman. They only need to consume more Prana to regenerate it, like a slime.

The heart-shaped object—their Spirit Weapon form—is their actual body. They would only be injured when this heart-shaped object sustains damage. Thereby, their rate of survival increases sharply.

When the Sumatra Ship began to glide towards their stronghold, Ralral alerted everyone upon noticing consumption in the mist and became battle-ready. Unfortunately, none of them ever expected such a level of power display from Inala as their entire stronghold was destroyed, defensive arrangements and all.

Ralral assumed her Spirit Weapon transformation, squeezing herself like a stream of water through a bunch of narrow passages between the collapsed cave walls. Kept safe in the centre of the stream of water was her Spirit Weapon form.

"No!" She screamed upon noticing that all her group members died from the impact, brutally crushed under the explosion. They weren't at the peak of the Body Stage and hence couldn't take on a Spirit Weapon form.

If she hadn't assumed her Spirit Weapon form, she too would have died, for her false body was obliterated. Since there wasn't enough space to generate a humanoid false body, she created a serpentine one that flowed like water.

The humanoid form was the most energy-efficient, since she was a human. Moving in the serpentine form, though barely a third of her human body in terms of volume, consumed more than twice the Prana to maintain and control.

"Inala!" She growled in rage, wishing to destroy Inala. But she exercised awareness, understanding that it was still the Death Hour. Now that her Clansmen died, it wouldn't be possible for her to take on two Mammoth Clansmen and an Empyrean Tusk.

'I need to wait.' Thinking as such, she flowed deeper under the rubble, remaining hidden there. From there, she released mist and covered up the region, making contact with the mist covering the island. Using her psychokinesis, she began to pull in the mist from other areas, consuming them to replenish her Prana, thereby maintaining an optimal battle state.

Once the cold shower begins, she could retaliate. Hence, it was prudent for Ralral to exercise caution.

The Sumatra Ship landed atop the rubble as Inala observed mist covering the region. The Prana Bomb scales covering his ship were already full of Prana, unable to absorb anymore.

After some thought, Inala took on his female form and chucked out dozens of Life Bombs, waiting for them to hatch as they slammed into unsuspecting Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

He infused minimal instructions into the shells forming the Life Bombs.

One of the Life Bombs slammed into a Pranic Beast and began to absorb its Prana. The Pranic Beast retaliated in a fluster, becoming afraid upon seeing its attack failing to even scratch the Life Bomb. A dozen seconds later, the Life Bomb hatched an Empyrean Zinger Scout.

It immediately accessed the Life Bomb shell like a bone slip and received Inala's instruction, quickly evading a blow from the Pranic Beast whose Prana it used to hatch. By activating Internal Inertial Gravity, it assumed miniature form and disappeared.

A few seconds later, it landed on the Sumatra Ship, having expended all the Prana it was born with. Cracking a Prana Bomb, it slurped its contents and began to replenish its reserves. It wasn't alone as many Empyrean Zinger Scouts soon followed it, having just hatched.

Once there were thirty of them, a Bone Slip appeared before them, informing them about Ralral and what they needed to do there.

Without any hesitation, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in miniature forms leaped into the gaps between the rubble and made their way inside. Two minutes later, faint vibrations coursed through the rubble as they began fighting her.

Even if she was alone, Ralral was at the peak of the Body Stage, possessing Silver Grade power. Therefore, when the cold shower begins, she still had a realistic chance of injuring Inala or worse, even killing him.

Inala only had to slip up for a moment to die. Hence, he intended to finish things before that. And what better way to do so than spawning Empyrean Zinger Scouts to harass her?

Ralral could absorb the mist and replenish her Prana. Inala only had to chuck four Prana Hands into the mist to receive a steady supply of Prana. Besides, there were plenty of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts nearby.

Their strength wasn't enough to damage his Prana Hands. Hence, they became his batteries. With that, Inala continued to increase the population of Empyrean Zinger Scouts and made them swarm the hiding Ralral.

Swoosh!

Upon being pressured, Ralral surfaced and made a beeline towards the Pranic Beast horde, intending to slip through the gaps. But no matter. The Empyrean Zinger Scouts gave chase. Every attack from her killed a scout, but for every Empyrean Zinger Scout she killed, Inala created three more.

'I underestimated him dearly.' Ralral thought as she saw Life Bombs being chucked out of the Sumatra Ship, 'He has a Secondary Nature. It seems he fused with a Mutated Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Besides, that weird object on his hip was his ship. Dammit!'

Miniature Prana Bombs flew towards her as her serpentine false body twisted and turned to evade them, unwilling to lose any more Prana. The pursuit was relentless, and their action turned the Pranic Beasts restless.

Boom!

A Silver Grade Pranic Beast stomped the ground in anger when a Prana Bomb slammed into its face. It stared at a stream of water moving in proximity, attacking it in irritation.

"Screw off!" Ralral shouted as her false body coiled around the arm punched forth by the Silver Grade Pranic Beast, swooshing to its back before slapping its cheek with the tail end of her form.

The Silver Grade Pranic Beast roared in anger and flailed its arms around, managing to hit three Empyrean Zinger Scouts, splattering them upon impact. They were merely newborns and were extremely fragile.

Ralral continued to flee, buying as much time as possible. Slowly but surely, she was making her way to the shore. And right as the group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts approached close, she leapt into the sea.

Two seconds later, a misty geyser jutted out of the mist wall and slammed into the group of Empyrean Zingers, giving the less affected third-degree burns while killing the more affected.

'It's coming!' Ralral thought in relief as she observed the plasma layer coming upwards, almost at the surface. She then stared in the direction where Inala was in the Sumatra Ship, aiming that way as she activated another of her arrangements, churning the mist wall.

Suddenly, the wall of mist turned ink-black as she unleashed her ability in full swing, dishing out a geyser toward Inala, like a laser beam.

Primary Nature—Broiling Mist Dominance!



Chapter 277 Battle Upon Death Hour (Part 3)

Primary Nature—Broiling Mist Dominance!

This was the most common Silver Grade Primary Nature possessed by the Cooter Clansmen. The Spirit Pool necessary for granting this Primary Nature was easy to create, for the necessary minerals were sourced directly from the Dralh Sea.

Every Death Hour, a vast amount of minerals would be released into the Dralh Sea. Floating on it casually, unaffected by this was the Empyrean Snapper.

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Dominance!

This was the Empyrean Snapper's Primary Nature, a name too gentle for its violent, domineering power. In its Spirit Weapon range, the Empyrean Snapper was able to control nature as if it were a Spirit Weapon.

Basically, the region stretching one hundred eighty metres from the Empyrean Snapper's epidermis was under its absolute rule. The air, water, land, and even Prana. Anything in this range fell under its control, absolutely.

The only one capable of negating it was another Empyrean Snapper.

The Empyrean Snapper was able to create waves and quakes, transmit the heat to cool down part of the surroundings while heating the other parts, create thunderclouds, catalyse various physical and chemical reactions according to its desires, etc.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Snapper!

With pinnacle body and mind, the Empyrean Snapper had more than enough computing prowess to perform the most complex of actions down to the molecular level.

With such powers, even the plasma layer during the Death Hour was merely another terrain aspect that fell under the Empyrean Snapper's control when it came within range. In this case, the Empyrean Snapper selectively absorbs valuable minerals part of the plasma layer.

One of the Spirit Pools resulting from absorbing the plasma layer was the Broiling Spirit Pool. When a Cooter Clansman takes a dip in it during their breakthrough from the Spirit Stage to the Body Stage, they will obtain the Primary Nature of Broiling Mist Dominance.

This allows them to control the hot mist being generated by the Dralh Sea during the day, with the ability peaking during the Death Hour and the cold shower. Ralral's terrain advantage during this period was the greatest.

However, at the peak of the Body Stage, Ralral didn't have enough strength in her psychokinesis to exert her will on the mist walls generated during the Death Hour. Only masters at the Life Stage could afford to do that without sustaining any damage in response.

But as she was pushed to a corner, she had no other choice but to do so, sustaining damage to her Spirit Weapon form as she unleashed the geyser sourced closest to the plasma layer.

The explosions resounding in the mist wall were absorbed by her to further increase the heat in the geyser as her serpentine false body coiled around it, riding the geyser like a wave.

The geyser arched through the sky and headed towards the Sumatra Ship. And surfing through it was Ralral, taking advantage of her Primary Nature to churn the heat within the geyser. She began to concentrate all the heat towards the tip, transferring enough heat to the front that the tail end of the geyser turned into ice.

The Empyrean Zinger Scouts chasing after Ralral noticed her actions. They shouted to warn Inala but noticed that all sounds were being dampened. Judging by the lack of response, the message failed to reach Inala.

An Empyrean Zinger Scout swallowed its brethren—that was in miniature form—and activated Internal Inertial Gravity to turn its lungs into a biome. Using its little reserves, it shot forth the miniature Empyrean Zinger Scout towards Inala.

During flight, the Empyrean Zinger Scout increased its weight and began gliding downward, hence accelerating in response. It barely overtook Ralral and continued to shout until it reached Inala.

When there were forty metres between the two, Inala was able to faintly hear its voice. Immediately in response, he reacted as the Sumatra Ship ejected copious amounts of air and thrust itself away.

Boom!

The head of the geyser slammed into the pile of rubble formed by the mining cave's collapse, melting through the rocks to form a shallow pool of lava.

Leaping out of the geyser was Ralral as she landed at a safe spot, glaring in anger upon seeing the Sumatra Ship evade her attack. She had used most of her strength to unleash this trump card of hers, only to see it miss.

"These critters…!" She glared at bits and pieces of Empyrean Zinger Scout corpses that scattered the area. Many had sacrificed themselves to deliver the message to Inala, no matter the cost.

The plasma layer reached the surface and mixed into the mist wall, increasing the pressure as large clouds formed in the sky. All the heat radiated upward while the mist high up began to condense into clouds, continuing to eject heat upwards as the temperature in them dropped.

Less than ten seconds spanned past as cold water began to pour down from the sky. A droplet fell on a Pranic Beast, causing a faint layer of frost to form on the impact area.

This was the cue for them to return to the Dralh Sea, for the upper layers of the sea would turn freezing cold next. It was warmer and habitable at the deeper levels. And before the cold shower began in full swing, they had to reach these deeper parts.

The Pranic Beasts rushed into the Dralh Sea as there was a standoff between Ralral and the Sumatra Ship. Since the cold shower began, her chances of victory increased drastically. Alas, that was in case she hadn't stepped into a trap.

Ralral had just focused her power on the falling raindrops when her false body collapsed. Prana was being drained from her at a rapid pace as the entire ground was covered by a Prana Bomb layer.

Right as her false body collapsed, four Life Hands grabbed her Spirit weapon form, stealing her Lifeforce. The pain from her Lifeforce being stolen in four distinct locations knocked her unconscious. And once all her Prana was stolen, her transformation came undone, causing her to revert to her human form.

Asaeya used her six Spirit Weapons to carry Ralral into the Sumatra Ship that curled up at a spot. In the meantime, Gannala used Mystic Bone Art to transform the skeleton of all Pranic Beasts killed by Inala to erect a robust roof.

As the cold shower began in earnest, the roof turned into ice. The four pillars supporting it were also covered by a thick layer of ice. Huddled in safety under this bone roof was the Sumatra Ship.

"I-It's cold!" Asaeya's teeth clattered as she moved to a corner of the Sumatra Chip's cabin.

Inala closed shut all the vents in the Sumatra Ship once all surviving Empyrean Zinger Scouts fled inside. He then encased a Prana Bomb inside another Prana Bomb, using psychokinesis to spin the two in opposite directions, thereby generating heat through friction.

The interior warmed up to a sufficient degree as Inala realised it was impossible to move the Sumatra Ship for the time being. All its joints had frozen, locking them in place with a thick layer of ice.

It was damn cold outside, with rain splattering everywhere upon impact, freezing everything they came in contact with. The ice would thaw gradually during the night once the cold shower ends, as the ambient temperature of the region was moderately warm and humid.

Inala encased Ralral in a Prana Bomb coffin, keeping her body sealed to the coffin, save for her face. He waited patiently, smiling brightly once she woke up, "Welcome to my ship."

"How do you rate our reception on a scale of one to ten?"



Chapter 278 Two Settlement Leaders Sip Tea

The 104th Empyrean Tusk!

It was currently dragging a long caravan of carts made out of bone. Each cart was a three to four-storey house, large enough to house twenty people comfortably. Mobile ramparts moved around the caravan that housed the Mammoth Clansmen from the 105th and 106th Settlements.

Elites stood guard on these ramparts, braving the danger that plagued them. Thankfully, the number of Empyrean Tusks in the herd surpassed a hundred, as a result generating a formless oppressive force passively that prevented Pranic Beasts from coming close.

Hence, the number of dangers faced by these elites on the ramparts was within considerate levels. As a result, their death toll wasn't severe enough to cripple their population.

It was a stark contrast to what they had to face in Sumatra Chronicles. There, the number of Empyrean Tusks in their herd had dropped from 44 to 43. Without the passive suppression, they were subject to endless attacks from all sorts of Pranic Beast hordes.

The twenty survivors of the 44th Settlement led horrible lives. Basically, they were like a ruined kingdom subjected to Mammoth Clan's level of danger. Every step of the way, they suffered.

But in this timeline, there were plenty of masters in the 105th and 106th Settlements who protected the caravan.

It wasn't just that. Originally, in fear of the Boar King discovering them, the previous Gannala kept survival the highest priority of the herd. It was why when she stepped onto a Mud Viper nest by mistake, the rest of the herd didn't come to her rescue and instead continued on their path.

The previous Gannala nurtured the herd with the prime intention of staying away from the Boar King's radar. Hence, there was a lack of data in the inheritance they received from her.

This caused their development to not be realised fully, causing untapped potential to be left behind. As they hadn't explored their potential, their growth hadn't reached its peak. This effect trickled down to the Mammoth Clan, influencing them as part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

It was one of the main reasons that contributed to the strength of the masters not going beyond the 8-Life Stage. The reason why Gannala did that was simple.

If a Mammoth Clansman were to reach the 9-Life Stage, they would hit the peak of the Mystic Bone Art's third stage—meant for Life Stage cultivators. Following that, they would begin touching the final stage of their cultivation technique, one that would allow them to access secrets related to the Transcendence Stage.

And if they were to unlock it, not only would they be able to converse with the Empyrean Tusk, but they'd also figure out the secret that the Empyrean Tusks once used to be Mammoth Clansmen.

Next, the Empyrean Tusk would influence its Mammoth Clan and cause many of the next generation births to be born with the Fragment Disease, since communication was now possible.

Many women with the Fragment Disease would appear, resulting in the birth of more Empyrean Tusks.

It didn't stop at this. If the conditions were right and the respective Transcendent World were to appear over Sumatra, the Mammoth Clansmen that had unlocked the final stage of Mystic Bone Art would also be able to converse with the Mammoth Ancestor. That would allow them to understand the full details of the Mammoth Clan and begin acting as one.

With their limited strength, acting as such would make them too high profile, resulting in overly evident traces. If their actions create ripple effects among Pranic Beast territories, the Boar King will eventually notice them.

That would cause their doom. It was why the Mammoth Clan part of her herd had a custom of chucking all students with the Fragment Disease into the mouths of Pranic Beasts if they failed to contribute to the Clan by the time of their graduation.

The original Mammoth Clan didn't have such a custom. There were plenty of other such rules exclusively created by the previous Gannala to limit the Mammoth Clan's potential.

However, after the merger, those unnecessary customs were abolished. The 42 Empyrean Tusks received a portion of data from the larger herd and, as a result, now possessed a full inheritance.

Thanks to that, their Mammoth Clansmen masters were no longer limited to the 8-Life Stage. As long as they had the ability, they could reach the peak. As they couldn't communicate with their Empyrean Tusks, they weren't aware of the limitation being lifted.

Besides, all of them died at least twice to the Boar King. So, it would take a long time before any of them were to reach the 8-Life Stage, which was typically reached only by Settlement Leaders.

Currently, two Settlement Leaders sat on the balcony of one of the caravan houses, sipping tea as they stared into the wilds, seeing shadows of Pranic Beasts flash past in the distance.

"I want to squish a few," Bora Tusk muttered longingly, staring at his trembling fingers, "I feel the itch."

"Go do it, then." Yahard Tusk stated reflexively, fed up with this madman, "Why are you bothering my tea time with your murderous spree?"

"They're too far away." Bora Tusk grumbled, "No Pranic Beast dares come within a kilometre radius. And those that do are weakling idiots that are taken care of by the elites."

"Send a body or two then," Yahard Tusk complained, "After they have their fun of slaughter, they can chase after the herd and return."

"I would love to do that," Bora Tusk sighed, "But I'm a Settlement Leader without an Empyrean Tusk, a joke among the circle of Settlement Leaders. I can't do shit like that for now."

"At least you're self-aware," Yahard Tusk commented, "Well, Harrala will soon assume her Empyrean Tusk form."

"I'm envious!" Bora Tusk groaned and slumped on the chair, "When will my Deity return?"

"I feel restless without her."

"I feel the same too," Yahard Tusk shook his head, "But this cannot be rushed. Harrala needs to grow a bit before she can transform. And it would take a decade or two before we can begin living on her back. How soon we can do that depends entirely on her growth rate."

"Fuck!" Bora Tusk cursed in anger, "I have to live in this shitty place for that long?"

"This is bullshit!"

"Inala, that dumbass. I hope he's taking care of Gannala well." He grumbled as his eyes glinted with a dangerous hue, "If he dares to starve her for even an instant, I'll butcher him!"

"Let's hope he's protecting her well." Yahard Tusk said, "I heard from the Chief that Inala is alive and doing rather favourably for himself. He also told me that Gannala's growth is rather spectacular. She'll definitely grow into a powerful Empyrean Tusk."

"Why the heck is he telling you that instead of me?" Bora Tusk glared, "I'm the Settlement Leader of her Mammoth Clan!"

"Ask the Chief, not me." Yahard Tusk shrugged, thinking, 'You're not even in the right state of mind to process such things. I'm surprised you haven't charged into the wilds to find Gannala yet.'

"I want to see my Deity's glorious form soon." Bora Tusk said and got up all of a sudden, leaping in the direction of the wild, intending to run in the direction of the Sanrey Plains. But suddenly, his figure remained stuck in the air, following which, he was slowly returned to his seat.

"Stay put! That's my final warning! Try going out one more time, and I'm putting you into a life of labour." Raaha's annoyed voice resounded on the balcony.

'Ahh! So that's why.' Yahard Tusk immediately got his answer, sighing, 'The Chief has his work cut out.'



Chapter 279 Goated Moustache

The rollers of a three-storey house among the caravan made cluttering noises as it ran over rocks and other uneven terrain constantly. The entire house tremored incessantly due to a lack of suspension.

Blola installed a suspension system for a house before, but due to the constant shocks, it malfunctioned all the time. After repairing it a bunch of times, the Mammoth Clan decided to simply reinforce the houses to not shatter upon repeated shocks.

Yennda was working on improving the suspension system but it would take a while before he could create a working mechanism. Besides, he was still chucked first into any region the Mammoth Clan intended to raid for resources.

With the herd having 104 Empyrean Tusks, their requirement for resources increased voraciously. Simply consuming the resources along their path wasn't sufficient, as by the sixtieth Empyrean Tusk, anything of value was long since consumed.

This left the ones at the back hungry. The increased level of safety due to the passive suppression unleashed by the herd after crossing a hundred in number caused the Mammoth Clan to feel greater safety.

As a result, they increased their birth rate. After all, now that the Mammoth Clan was bigger, they could afford larger and stronger raid teams for resource collection, as a result allowing the Empyrean Tusks to sustain a larger population.

From forty thousand per Settlement, the Mammoth Clan decided to increase the numbers to fifty thousand. This was a ten thousand increase per Settlement. Adding across the entirety of the Mammoth Clan, the increase in numbers crossed a million.

It meant the Mammoth Clan had to be more proactive in their raids to ensure all Empyrean Tusks got enough resources to consume, which ranged from luscious trees to mineral-rich soil. And of course, the most important of them all—Parute Trees.

A Parute Tree would wither when disturbed. Therefore, without Mudropper's power, it was impossible to relocate one. But even if it withers when an Empyrean Tusk swallows it, every Parute Tree was abundantly rich in nutrients, enough to satiate even an Empyrean Tusk.

Therefore, they were targets with the highest level of priority. And since every Parute Tree was closely guarded by Pranic Beasts, all these raids became messy.

Dragging his bloody self towards the tremoring home was Virala, having just returned from a small-scale raid. As an elite of the Mammoth Clan, he had to follow the Clan's orders and do the tasks of an elite.

He was commanded to join a raid targeting a lone Parute Tree in a region of Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. There was just one race controlling this lone Parute Tree. But despite being weak individually, just like all Iron Grade Pranic Beast races, they made up with their numbers.

Virala suffered lots during the chaotic battle, since the Pranic Beasts desperately defended the Parute Tree with their lives, for it was their race's lifeline. Without it, developing their strength would become a lot slower.

Eventually, they would be forced to relocate to a region less abundant with resources. It would trap them in a vicious cycle of losses until their race possibly gets annihilated in a matter of decades. Hence, they gave their everything to protect the Parute Tree.

Virala was stuck with the excuse he gave to Resha about possessing the power of an evolved Shock Lizard. Hence, he was forced to equip the Nature Weapon of a Shock Lizard in both his slots.

This power was a horrible matchup against their foes. As a result, he ended up taking quite a beating.

Bam!

He slammed open the door to his tiny room, ignoring the blood splattering from his bleeding fist, "Resha, that fucker."

"He knew I wasn't well matched for this raid. But he still sent me there." With Resha's increasing influence, even Bora Tusk listened to his words, although rarely. It was why Virala was put on this raid team in the first place.

The raid was a failure. Virala sustained a lot of injuries. And worst of all, his evaluation in the Mammoth Clan dropped, voiding his contributions for the past two months.

'If I could display my true power, these shits would mean nothing.' He sighed and downed some medicine before beginning to heal his injuries, 'But Resha wants exactly that. He's not convinced about my claims and thinks I'm hiding my true strength. Well, he's right about that, which is why it's so frustrating.'

There were too many eyes on Virala, forcing him to move every step of the way carefully. Every time he did something, he had to exercise utmost caution and subtlety.

As he began his recovery process, his moustache hair grew in length and reached toward his Storage Lantern, pulling out another medicine vial from it. The moustache grew to a length of three metres, behaving like a pair of arms as they began to work.

The left moustache pulled out vials from the Storage Lantern for his consumption. The right moustache used a piece of cloth to wipe off the blood stains on him. Once it was done, it coiled around a dumbbell made out of bone and began exercising.

Controlling both sides of his moustache like a pair of arms was taxing on his mind, especially during his recovery process. Sweat covered his forehead as Virala began training, stopping after a while to think, 'My dexterity and control have improved. Soon, I'll be able to use it in battle.'

Minor Treasure—Goated Moustache!

This was a strand of moustache hair that upon contact fused with Virala's moustache, allowing him to control it. He could either grow out his moustache or retract it fully. With some training, he was now able to grow or retract at least twenty centimetres of moustache hair in a second.

The Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache allowed him to control his moustache like an extension of his limb, able to flexibly use them. It wasn't easy at the start, but upon repeated training, he was gradually getting the hang of it.

The Minor Treasure of Goated Moustache didn't change the physical or chemical properties of his moustache. The hair was just regular moustache hair. But the reason for its name was in its ability to conduct Prana.

That aspect had been improved by a lot, allowing Inala to carry Storage Lanterns with it. When activated, a Storage Lantern reverted to its original size, painting a large target for enemies to attack.

He would have to then manually look for the necessary item from the Storage Lantern. If there were plenty of items inside, he would have to fish out the right one, which was difficult in a battle. In such a case, he could leave it to his moustache.

One side would control and carry the Storage Lantern while the other side would fish through it to retrieve the necessary item. This would perfectly come in handy for his abilities, since he needed to swap out Nature Weapons promptly according to the changing situations in a battle.

As it was just hair, his moustache couldn't be used to attack or restrict his opponents. The faintest of fire could burn them. And even though their tensile strength was high, that meant nothing before Pranic Beasts with tough bodies.

Therefore, his moustache was purely supportive in nature, "Well, it's still goated though. I now have an extra pair of hands."



Chapter 280 Resha’s Rival

"You're committing a grave mistake," Ralral commented once she got up, relenting after resisting a little and failing to budge her body. "The Cooter Clan will avenge me."

"Woah, hold that thought." Inala waved in a flurry, "Why are you blaming me? I'm the victim here."

He sported a pitiful expression, "I came here to trade legally. I offered a valuable mineral in exchange for your medicines. It was a good business opportunity. But what did you do in response?"

"You tried to kill me." He inched towards her face and glared in disdain, "Is this how the Cooter Clan treats its guests? Pretty disgusting, don't you think?"

"You…!" Ralral failed to come up with a retort, at a loss for words. Hence, she stuck to her default threat, "You'll regret this."

"Nope, I'll be damn fine, thank you very much." Inala stated relaxedly, "But I'm curious though."

He stared at her in confusion, "Why did you try to kill us? Was it that much of a loss to trade a few medicine vials? Even if you're gaining more in return?"

"Hmph!" Ralral snorted, "The Cooter Clan doesn't lack anything. We're the strongest and richest force on Sumatra. Our Clan is united to the extreme and will avenge the deaths of even our weakest."

"You sure about that?" Inala tilted his head, "Hasn't the Boar Killed two of your Deities? Have you avenged their deaths? Oh, let me guess…"

"You didn't," Inala snorted, "The Boar King is alive and kicking."

"You…bastard!" Ralral glared daggers, "Don't you dare mention it!"

"Oh, I will, with exceptional clarity," Inala approached her ear and spoke unnecessarily loud, "The Boar King killed and devoured two Empyrean Snappers, the Cooter Clan's Deity of worship. Forget killing him, I have never heard about your Clan even intending to face him."

"Let me guess," He said, covering his ears upon hearing Ralral scream like a maddened lunatic, "The Cooter Clan is afraid to fight the Boar King."

"What a bunch of cowards."

"I'll kill you! Fucking bastard! Don't you dare comment about my Clan like that!" Ralral roared, "Fucking slaves born on a damned Tusk…"

"You can shut up now," Ralral was unable to speak as suddenly, the expressions of both Inala and Asaeya hardened, exuding bloodlust as they grabbed her head and applied pressure, preventing her from speaking anymore.

"Why are you wasting time talking to her, Inala." Asaeya raged, "Just be done with her already."

"I wanted to hear her thoughts," Inala said and sighed, calming down as he stared at Ralral, "From her words, I can understand that even though the Cooter Clan wishes to kill the Boar King, they're afraid of losing even more Empyrean Snappers if they were to face him."

"I hoped to rope them in our fight against the Boar King. But it seems that would be harder than I had thought." Inala shook his head and seeped Prana into Ralral, activating his Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill.

Unable to utter any words of struggle, Ralral breathed her last. A group of Empyrean Zinger Scouts ganged upon her and removed her skull, giving it to Inala after cleaning it neatly.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Inala accessed Ralral's data and focused on the information related to the Cooter Clan's mining arrangements. Since the Empyrean Snappers required large volumes of mineral ores for consumption, as that was their food, the Cooter Clan had raided many Human Kingdoms in the past.

The captured Free Humans were brought and distributed across the islands on the Dralh Sea, forcing them to mine. Moreover, they brainwashed the Free Humans into worshipping the Empyrean Snappers, treating the Cooter Clansmen as immortals.

The Free Humans mined for mineral ores throughout their lives. Moreover, the Cooter Clan attached an Ewworm to each of them, making it easy to control them.

Medicines would be fed to the Free Humans at regular intervals, influencing the Ewworms acting as their tails. This influence made the Ewworms attached to the respective island they were upon, hence making them unwilling to leave its premises.

As a result, the Ewworms wouldn't wish to leave the island, even if an opportunity persists. They would stubbornly resist to move out. Because of them, the Free Humans had no choice but to remain stuck on the island for the rest of their lives.

They no longer knew anything about the outside world, having been living on the same island for generations. And in the likelihood of them getting wiped out by Pranic Beasts, the Cooter Clan would bring in a new batch of Free Humans.

They were nurturing a massive Free Human population on a large island at a different sea. In this manner, the Cooter Clan received a large batch of mineral ores to feed their respective Empyrean Snappers.

And as the Empyrean Snappers consumed the mineral ores, Spirit Pools formed on their bodies accordingly, granting strength to the Cooter Clansmen at the Body Stage.

A ship arrived at an island every three months to collect the mined mineral ores. At that time, there would also be a personnel shift.

At Leh Island, there were eight Cooter Clansmen, with Ralral acting as their leader. Depending on the size of the island, the number of Cooter Clansmen dispatched there would vary.

After their tenure of three months, when the ship arrives to collect the mined ores, Ralral and her group would board the ship to return to the Cooter Clan. Another group would take their place to guard and manage Leh Island.

After returning to the Cooter Clan, Ralral and her group would focus on building their strength for the next three months. Following that, they would be dispatched to guard another island. The Cooter Clan operated in three-month intervals, moving resources and personnel at every interval.

It had only been four days since Ralral took charge of Leh Island. So, it would take a while before the ship arrives to collect the resources. That gave Inala a period of eighty-six days where he could control Leh Island and make preparations.

He surfed through the data and looked into the personnel that had been transported to various islands. Massive ships were moving across the Dralh Sea, with each ship in charge of moving personnel and resources for dozens of islands.

Since the Cooter Clan disliked using anything from the Mammoth Clan, they neither possessed a Storage Lantern nor advertised the use of one. Instead, they focused on their ship technology and were capable of building massive ships on the levels of Earth's aircraft carriers.

Possessing Silver Grade strength meant Ralral was higher up the Cooter Clan's ladder. Hence, she would have mingled among the talented elites of her clan while travelling through the ship. With high expectations, Inala looked through the data of the personnel that travelled alongside Ralral, becoming giddy with joy, 'I was hoping for this ever since I decided to come to the Dralh Sea. As I expected, he's here!'

His hands trembled in excitement, barely able to control himself as the expression of greed flashed on his face, staring at the image of a certain individual in Ralral's data, "Haa! Hahaha!"

He hugged Gannala in excitement, "We're getting closer and closer towards your goal."

The individual he was aiming for was someone who made a short appearance in Sumatra Chronicles, almost like a cameo. In that short appearance, he fought against Resha to a tie. This was the sole individual depicted in Sumatra Chronicles as someone on par with the overpowered Resha.

Had the events with the Boar King not been impossibly far away from the Cooter Clan's territory, he would have become Resha's greatest rival and played a greater role in Sumatra Chronicles.

Cooter Clansman—Wittral!



