Chapter 701  That’s Fear, Child

701  That’s Fear, Child

"He…hehe…finally!" Virala burst into laughter like a deranged person, his expression long within the realm of insanity. Veins jutted on his arm as he dragged the corpse of a Zincuar towards the cave, leaving no traces of blood, since the wounds were faint and had already been healed by the Zincuar's Prana.

It had been a month since they began their survival in the wilds, facing dangers in every corner. Even now, they hadn't managed to succeed in killing a Zincuar. Instead, they used Zinger Shrieks to disorient the senses of the predator that had killed the Zincuar and caused it to flee.

Immediately in response, Virala rushed to the Zincuar's corpse and dragged it to their cave. He stared at it while drooling, "Finally! Something that I can call food that isn't poison."

He took out a knife that he had refined using his fingers. The grip was covered by a thick layer of his muscles. It was weird to hold something extracted from him, especially since the sensation was eerily the same.

However, beggars can't be choosers. As a result, Virala forced himself to adapt to the sensation, wielding the knife as he began to extract a large portion of the Zincuar's thigh, ready to eat. But right as he bit onto it, Inala appeared in the cave, observed his action, and slapped him on the back of his head.

"What the fuck?" Virala turned around in anger and glared at Inala, "I'll kill you, bastard! Don't touch me!"

"Never learnt the concept of sharing?" Inala snorted and kicked Virala in the face, "Is waiting for my return that hard for you? Then why don't you eat the dirt on my foot? That'll put you in your place."

"Tch!" Virala spat out blood from his mouth, noticing that two of his teeth had been broken from Inala's kick. His expression turned bloodthirsty as he slowly got up, churning Prana through his body and accumulating the force generated by psychokinesis in his muscles, "Last time I checked, you're not in charge of the two of us."

"Is that so?" Veins popped all over his forehead as Virala was incensed. He got up slowly and tightened his hold over his knife. It twirled on his palm, controlled through psychokinesis. He stared at the piece of thigh flesh that he had prepared for himself, now grabbed by Inala, "I have been putting up with your crap for a month now. No more!"

"You're the weaker one of the two of us!" He roared and rushed forward, churning psychokinesis in his legs as he leapt, spun once, anchored his body on the floor with his left leg, and kicked out with his right, aiming at Inala's face.

Inala brought his palms forward and caught onto his kick. He leapt backward lightly, causing the momentum behind Virala's kick to only send him flying by a couple of metres. As he had executed the preparatory motions already, his body didn't experience any shock from the attack.

He then noticed Virala's knife was stabbed into the piece of thigh flesh he held, feeling a tugging sensation. Veins popped on his arm as he tried to hold it, but was unable to anymore as the thigh piece flew into Virala's hold.

"Do you get it now? I'm stronger…" Virala was just about to grab the thigh flesh when a rock slammed into his face, bloodying his vision. Followed by a growl, he curled up in pain, noticing his knife fall beside him, extracted from the thigh flesh.

Blood dripped from the piece as Inala held it and leapt once, avoiding the knife flying his way. It swerved in the air and changed directions, aiming for his behind when a pocket of shockwaves slammed into it, ricocheting it into the cave wall.

"Damn you!" Virala wiped the blood off his face and rushed towards Inala, converging psychokinesis in his arms for a punch, hitting the piece of thigh flesh that Inala used as a shield, "That's my food, dumbass! Don't waste it!"

"I'm only letting out its blood. That's not a waste…" Inala said when his expression trembled, sensing through Piezo Resonance another knife flying his way. He dodged it in a hurry, barely landing when a second knife appeared, targeting his ankle, and nicking him a bit. "Urgh!"

"I can't control multiple Spirit Weapons like you, but I can do something better," Virala said as he held all the Spirit Weapons he had created. Followed by a grunt, he hurled them at Inala, changing their directions through psychokinesis.

He raised their speed and power of impact through psychokinesis, repeating in them the same that he could perform on his body. As these Spirit Weapons were made from his body and still retained a portion of his Prana, he could use them as if they were an extension of his body.

Mystic Nature Art—Spirit Weapon Switch!

Spirit Weapon Switch was an exclusive Skill of the Brimgan Royals, refined to its extremity over thousands of years, and was the most versatile Skill present on Sumatra. It resulted in a monster like Brandal Brimgan who was capable of controlling a hundred Spirit Weapons seamlessly, which to the naked eye, looked like he was controlling them at the same time.

In truth, he was only controlling one Spirit Weapon at an instant but was switching his control through the Spirit Weapons at such speeds, that an average cultivator wouldn't even notice.

Virala had all of Brandal Brimgan's information. And the moment he figured out that he could use his body parts as Spirit Weapons, he immediately thought of Spirit Weapon Switch and had been working on emulating its effects through Mystic Nature Art instead of instead of Gold Kinesis Art.

In the past month, he had laid down the necessary groundwork to unleash the Skill, though it was a far cry when compared to the Skill unleashed by the Brimgan Royals. But in their current, low-level battle, it was a game changed.

"Argh!" Inala grunted every time a Spirit Weapon nicked his body, despite his best efforts to dodge them. He had a clear perception of his surroundings through soundwaves, thanks to Piezo Resonance. That was why Virala couldn't ambush him.

However, his body wasn't fast enough to dodge a flurry of Spirit Weapons coming at him at the same time. Spirit Weapon Switch allowed Virala to instantly switch the target for his psychokinesis and move it at the same momentum he was controlling the previous Spirit Weapon with.

Following a flurry of incessant dodging, Inala clicked his tongue when a hand-shaped Spirit Weapon grabbed him by the ankle and pulled his leg, collapsing his balance, using which two knives stabbed into his back, targeting his shoulder blades.

"I know you can throw things that pack a punch." Virala approached Inala and stomped onto the latter's back, "Now that your shoulder blades are damaged, you've just lost your greatest advantage."

"Give up, Inala." Virala snorted as he increased the force behind his stomp upon detecting resistance from Inala, "In a one-on-one battle, I'm superior."

"Greatest advantage?" Inala chuckled as his body began to vibrate at a high frequency. Prana surged into his throat, transformed into shockwaves, and coursed through the rest of his body. In response to his vibrating body, Virala's right leg—that was stomping him on the back—began to tremble faintly.

But a second later, his legs trembled at a rate dozens of times Inala's, stunning Virala, "What the…fuck is that?"

He suddenly realised that he was unable to exert strength through his right leg anymore. Even with the aid of psychokinesis, his right leg's muscles were unable to contract, twitching like they had gone bonkers.

"Argh!" Inala shouted and sent out four Tangible Piezo Slips containing the strongest shockwaves he could amass. They curved in the air and targeted the shin on Virala's right, fracturing the leg bone into five pieces.

"What have you done?" Virala muttered in shock as he lost his balance and fell to the ground.

Mystic Royal Art—Resonant Shock!

It coursed through the body's target a shockwave matching the body's natural frequency, causing its vibrations in response to reach their highest, turning its material structure brittle. Physical contact was necessary since he was generating the shockwave from his throat and could only be transferred from his body.

If he were to send it through the air as a shockwave, too much of its power would be lost during the medium transfer from air to body, making it less efficient than he wanted it to be. Once the Skill of Resonant Shock compromises the structural integrity of the target, he would send shockwaves through a Tangible Piezo Slip and shatter it.

Virala couldn't understand it fully, observing that he was staring at the ceiling now. He was just about to crane strength in the other leg and get up when Inala dragged himself on the floor with his chin and bit onto Virala's left leg, activating the Skill of Resonant Shock once again. He followed it up with a shockwave and bit hard, shattering the left leg too.

He was unable to use his hands after the shoulder blades were destroyed, but upon rolling on the ground a bit, he accumulated enough momentum to kick the floor with his leg and got up. A knife flew his way when he evaded it, using the momentum behind his spin to cause his arm to flail about.

He relied upon that to ensure the knife came in contact with his palm, smiling in response. Immediately in response, Virala hollered at the severity of the headache he experienced as the Prana he was pouring into his knife was sucked in at a faster pace, stressing his Spirit Container.

A circuit had appeared on the knife, from which jutted out a string of Prana and latched onto Virala's stomach. It contracted, pulling the knife at tremendous speeds, and plunged it into his stomach.

"Aah!" Virala screamed as he grabbed the knife with his hand, using psychokinesis on all three—the knife, his two arms—in an effort to pull them out, shrilling as the Prana he poured into the knife was used by the circuit there to heal the string of Prana being ripped apart from the force he exerted.

A dozen seconds later, Virala collapsed on the floor, exhausted both physically and mentally. His Prana reserves too were at rock bottom. As the last unit of his Prana was consumed, the string of Prana was unable to maintain itself anymore, dissipating immediately after.

Blood leaked faintly from the stab wound on his stomach as Virala gasped in exhaustion, cursing in anger, "F-fucking bastard!"

"What the heck was that?" He groaned upon seeing Inala slowly walk in his direction, "I thought you couldn't use any Natures, just like me. Then how the fuck did you create that string of Prana?"

15:50

"It's a Skill," Inala stared at Virala's bloody self. He wasn't any better either, having multiple rib fractures and a pair of shattered shoulder blades. Blood dripped out of his back where two knives were still stabbed into.

Inala wanted to eat the Zincuar flesh as soon as possible and work on recovering from his injuries. But first, he had to establish something, glaring at Virala coldly to say, "If I tell you to wait, you better follow it religiously. Otherwise, I don't mind putting you in your place, as many times as you want."

"Hahaha!" Virala burst into laughter in response, "You barely managed to win this time. Now that you've revealed all your cards, you cannot take me by surprise the next." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Let's see who is laughing the next time." He roared.

"Wounded dogs tend to bark and wine nonstop." Inala stared at Virala and expressed with an enlightened countenance, "I have come to witness and verify that claim today."

"So, the legends are true." Inala laughed tauntingly at Virala, "You're a sore loser."

"I'll kill you!" Virala raged.

"Yeah, I'm standing right here." Inala taunted as he stood a couple of metres from Virala, "If you have as many balls as you claim, who don't you come here to punch me? Oh, my bad. It seems age is getting to me that I forgot…"

He stared at Virala's shattered legs, "You unfortunate soul. Want your dad to bring you a wheelchair?"

"Don't feel shy. I know you have it in you to be a humiliating son." Inala said and walked towards Virala and nudged his feet, "Can't react, can you?"

"That's fear, child."





Chapter 702  Resha’s Childhood

702  Resha’s Childhood

"I'm sorry…Resha."

"Please…survive!"

"As long as you live, the Mammoth Clan has hope to continue its existence."

"Live, Resha, live!"

"…Resha…"

"RESHA!"

"Urgh!" Seated on a sand dune at a spot two kilometres from the Sandy-Grey Void was Resha, his body covered with sweat. His expression seemed unfocused while his eyes exhibited pain.

Every breath he took reminded him of the final moments of his Mammoth Clansmen, those he was in charge of protecting. Every time they died, they only prayed for his survival. As long as he lives, the Mammoth Clan will revive eventually.

But that never happened, as it was all a product of Renduldu's future sight as he created Sumatra Chronicles, 'I know that's the truth, but still…'

His brows creased as his eyes turned red, "To me, it doesn't matter. I lived through it all, whether real or fake. And if I don't pick up the slack, Sumatra Chronicles will become our reality."

"Resha, we need to stick together as Death Row students." Aged ten, Orakha claimed with a flashy pose, "And if they still chuck us in the mouth of a Pranic Beast, we'll wrestle out from its belly."

"Idiot, just drink laxatives and it'll shit you out." Virala retorted.

"Save me if I can't make it out from its mouth." Blola stated with a pessimistic tone, "I'm afraid I'll be the first one that's chucked into the Pranic Beast's mouth."

"Well, I can't argue against Blola. He speaks the truth. He's the most useless of us." Yennda laughed and ducked to avoid a weak punch from Blola.

"Those two are somewhat better." Orakha commented as he nudged Resha and pointed at the duo of Inala and Grehha, "Maybe they won't be killed upon graduation."

"What do you think, Resha?" Orakha made eye contact with Resha, asking in seriousness, "Will all seven of us survive past the age of fifteen?"

"Haah!" Seated on the sand dune, Resha sighed, constantly churning his Prana through the Major Treasure of Cure, using the influence of which he began to gradually unearth his childhood memories that had been altered thanks to the power of Renduldu's future sight.

In places where he thought he was alone, six others were accompanying him, sharing his burden. They weren't always on the same page and argued most of the time, but when push came to shove, they had his back.

"Keuk! Thank goodness Blola can revive us." A string of tears streamed down his face as Resha thought of his past. Among the seven, the one closest to him, constantly following him as a friend and having his back in all situations was none other than Orakha.

They were actually besties before Sumatra Chronicles took effect. But once it did so, Resha forgot them and a few minutes later, caused Orakha's brutal death at the hands of the Mud Vipers.

If Blola never ventured out through the Ennoudu Plains to obtain the Parute King Seed, he would have never obtained the power of the Transcendent Eater, which meant Resha was the one who killed his bestie with cold-blooded composure.

"Damn him!" Resha cursed Renduldu for playing with his head, which caused a lot of chaos. Moreover, Sumatra Chronicles was a stronger ability than he had thought.

The moment Resha approaches an Empyrean Tusk, the influence it generates would cause him to gradually forget his childhood with the Mystic Seven and revert to his Sumatra Chronicles self. And this influence was generated the strongest from Gannala, the Supreme Tusk's successor.

If Resha wanted to mature, he would have to be away from the Empyrean Tusks. However, that would prevent him from protecting them. But if he remained with them, he'd revert to his Sumatra Chronicles self over time, which would cause him to make the same mistakes as before.

"Shit!" He understood the reason well. His sheer genetic composition was arranged in such a manner that there was never a Mammoth Clansman more attuned to Mystic Bone Art than him, so much so that his affinity actually exceeded the Empyrean Tusks and reached the level of the Supreme Tusk.

If the Supreme Tusk hadn't combusted her potential, she would have been on par with a mature Resha. That was what made Resha so special, he was a product of thirteen thousand years of genetic accumulation at all the right levels.

Majority of the creatures cannot even fuse with a Major Treasure. However, Resha couldn't feel any limitation in that regard. As he experienced, he felt that he could fuse with more than three Major Treasures.

'Maybe once I recover all my memories, I'll be able to find the answer.' He sighed. Renduldu's plan was simple. The Mystic Paths were designed to transfer all their accumulations to their daughters, who in turn would evolve into Empyrean Tusk variants geared to counter Brangara, as the Mystic Paths faced him at every Major Disaster.

As long as the daughters are born, they'll experience an evolution during the Fourth Major Disaster, as the Mystic Paths in them will fill rapidly once the Mystic Seven enter the Transcended Place, which was the Seat of Transcendence's Influenced Region.

And even if they were to fail, the Mystic Paths would funnel into Resha, along with all the experiences they had accumulated. They'll combine to become the Supreme Tusk's Mystic Path and allow Resha to become the strongest existence to ever walk on Sumatra, on par with the Celestial Boar.

The Supreme Tusk Gannala only had a Mystic Path. But the one Resha will be getting would be seven Mystic Paths all filled to varying levels, raising his evolution potential to a whole other level.

Moreover, all the Empyrean Tusk inheritances that the Supreme Tusk Gannala had were present in the Major Treasure of Cure. As the Major Treasures unleashed its influence in his biomes and began to gradually transform them into its Influenced Region, Resha was obtaining all the inheritances too, and even beyond.

The Major Treasure of Cure elevated Resha's Primary Nature from Internal Inertial Gravity to Perfect Inertial Gravity. And the Influenced Region it generates in an Empyrean Tusk's biomes was capable of converging all Empyrean Tusk inheritances in it.

The more this developed, the more Resha progressed to the state where he held the key to reviving the Mammoth Clan singlehandedly when necessary. It wasn't just that, but the more he absorbed the influence from the Major Treasure of Cure, the more he wondered how it had been created.

After all, the Supreme Tusk Gannala was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. But despite that, she had created the Major Treasure of Cure, not by becoming one through Bolts of Transcendence but by condensing it in her heart.

This seemed to go against all the rules that had been established in Sumatra until now. 'I need to understand the underlying principles behind it completely before I can return to the Mammoth Clan.'

Though he wanted to head back as soon as possible to protect them, he couldn't do so for the time being, for that decision would wipe away all his mental growth once again. He couldn't afford to go through that, for it took him close to fifteen years to achieve this growth.

"Aaargh!" Resha's thoughts were interrupted by a loud screech as a figure rushed into the desert from the Sandy-Grey Void. Pieces of his body were crumbling into grey sand, held together by the superior regeneration speed of his Prana.

Grey sand dripped out of his body as the power of Subtle Terrain Domination flared up in all its strength, grabbed the expanding pieces of the grey sand all over his body, and chucked them into the Sandy-Grey Void.

15:51

After extracting all particles of grey sand from his body, he collapsed onto the desert weakly, running dry of Prana.

Followed by a forlorn sight, Resha approached the figure and grabbed him, flinging him onto his back like a bag. Followed by a leap, Resha covered more than a hundred metres, repeating the motion multiple times until they were far away from the Sandy-Grey Void.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tusk!

A colossal entity appeared, generating a sandstorm in response as Resha assumed his Pranic Beast form. A field of gravity formed around the tip of his trunk, carrying the unconscious figure. With a flick, the Empyrean Tusk swallowed the figure, reverting to human form as Resha sensed the figure in his stomach biome.

Once the figure regained consciousness, he approached the closest Parute Tree and consumed some Parute Fruits, beginning to recover his Prana. A day's worth of consumption later, all the Parute Fruits in the stomach biome were eaten.

Immediately in response, Resha assumed Empyrean Tusk form and brought out the figure, asking upon assuming human form, "How's your progress?"

"Bad," The figure, Wally sighed dejectedly, "It seems impossible to adapt to the Sandy-Grey Void. I can't even seem to figure out how to approach this situation."

"Keep trying," Resha patted him on the shoulder, "I'll be here to pull you out from the Sandy-Grey Void if your life's at harm."

"That's the only reason I can dare attempt this." Wally expressed in gratitude, "To date, I never expected an Empyrean Tusk and Snapper could join hands like this."

"Same," Resha nodded, sighing in response, "The circumstances have brought both the Clans together."

After Brangara annihilated the Cooter Clan branch at the Dralh Sea, Resha brought Wally to the remaining branches, giving them the news as soon as possible. Though startled, the Cooter Clan began to take action accordingly.

They huddled together into a group first, following which they used Subtle Terrain Domination to make changes to their terrain, joining the water bodies of their respective branches into a singular whole where they erected their new base.

With the entire Cooter Clan concentrated in one location, they could manage to resist Brangara's future attacks. They planned to wait until Wally succeeded in his endeavour and became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Only then could they live freely as they did in the past.

And while they waited, the Cooter Clan planned to strengthen themselves as much as possible, actively gearing up for future conflicts against Brangara. Resha actively supplied them with knowledge and battle tactics proven effective against Brangara.

"Try again," Resha encouraged Wally, sending him into the Sandy-Grey Void once he was ready.

Left alone once again, Resha took a seat atop a sand dune and began to focus on his mental growth. As for his physical growth, he wasn't worried. That was progressing steadily and he had already entered the 2-Life Stage, becoming significantly even stronger.

The arsenal of bodies in his Tertiary Nature of Empyrean 100 had also increased, further increasing his versatility. As he took a seat, faint gravity fields fluctuated from him, causing particles of sand to float individually, signifying the extent to which his control over External Inertial Gravity had progressed.

He stared at the sand blankly, recalling the scenes from Sumatra Chronicles' Fourth Major Disaster, bursting in hatred as a crater formed in the desert. He hurriedly controlled himself and recalled the sand that had spilled out, forming the dune once again. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Endure it! Only then will I be able to think past my hatred!" He stared in a daze once again, recalling scenes of his Mammoth Clansmen getting crushed by the Empyrean Boar King, "BRANGARA!"

A sandstorm formed in his seated spot, reaching high into the sky, transforming into a rotating pillar with a thicker bottom. As time passed, his anger seethed, following which he dissipated the sand storm.

Sighing, he focused on another scene from his childhood that he had remembered following his outburst. It was a scene from before they were ten years old, huddled in a house, ostracised as children with the Fragment Disease.

The Mystic Seven lived by mentally supporting each other. Upon seeing the sight, Resha sighed, calmly staring at the sky to focus on the Transcendent World created by the Mammoth Ancestor, "You're probably watching me from there, Renduldu."

"I won't be your pawn," He snorted in anger, "And once I deal with the Celestial Boar, I'm coming for you!"



Chapter 703  Grehha’s Sacrifice

703  Grehha’s Sacrifice

Exactly fifteen years since the end of the Second Major Disaster, a group of tall women skipped past a bunch of trees, their footsteps lithe, barely producing any sound. Some people looked odd in the group, numbering four in total.

They were three males: Raaha, Grehha, and Orakha. The final one was a female, the shortest female in the place. She was one other than Maroppa. Her trembling hand held Orakha's, seeking support the closer they approached the Sandy-Grey Void.

She stared straight, observing a wall of darkness stretching endlessly from a spot a hundred kilometres from her. That was where her ancestors came from. She wasn't talking about the Sandy-Grey Void as a whole but the spot she was staring at, for it bordered the Gaja Enclave.

The Mudroppers invaded Sumatra Continent through the Gaja Enclave first. Through the memories unlocked in her genetics, she understood the reason why Mahira Tusk made it her life's purpose to annihilate the Mudroppers.

After all, one of the very first victims of the Mudropper invasion happened to be Mahira Tusk's parents, shaping up the way she grew up harbouring thoughts of revenge as a Ravaged Tribesman.

"It'll be alright." Orakha noticed her hesitation and tightened his grip, "We'll only be travelling along Sumatra's border. From the information I collected, we'll be safe as long as we travel in routes under Sumatra's protection."

"We're not leaving Sumatra but are just migrating to a far-off location that'll take Brangara centuries to reach through the routes available within the Continent." He concluded, "I have been gathering information regarding this all along."

"Is our destination…safe?" Maroppa expressed her worry, "If it's too dangerous…"

"Look at them," Orakha pointed at the tall women standing nearby, "The only ones who can harm this group is a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"Even if our destination has a bunch of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, they're not our match." Saying so, he patted his chest, "I alone am capable of handling a bunch of them." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"The current you is capable indeed, but," She hesitated with a reddened expression and made eye contact with Orakha, "Do you really have you give up the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power?"

"It'll be better that way." Orakha let out a mild sigh at the upcoming loss, but was mentally prepared, "Harrala needs someone strong to protect her. And Yahard Tusk is the only one suitable for the role. He was one of the strongest Settlement Leaders even before this and this will only raise his competency on the grand scale of things."

He then patted her on the head upon seeing that Maroppa was still worried, "Relax, I'm not going to become weak after giving it away. I'll still be me, a better me in fact, since I will no longer be affected by the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's influence."

"I…will protect you." Maroppa said, "I can't get rid of this sinking feeling I've been having for a while now."

"Whatever happens next, we'll face it together." He said and hugged her. The group continued to travel for some more time, stopping once Grehha arrived at a halt.

His expression was strange and conflicted, but not in the least despairing, unlike the Empyrean Tusks. Carried in his possession was an Empyrean Incubator containing his daughter. Her expression was calm, ecstatic even, constantly absorbing Empyrean Tusk essence that Grehha had poured into her through the Empyrean Incubator.

"This is where we part ways," Grehha said, surprising everyone.

"You're not coming with us?" Raaha expressed his shock and stared at Grehha's daughter, "Isn't it risky staying here with her?"

"It is," Grehha nodded, "But that's something I have to live with."

"She…" He said with a warm expression, "Is my pride, and I don't want her childhood to be one of fleeing from harm. That would impact her mental development."

"Though she doesn't express it," Grehha said as he lifted his head and stared at the Empyrean Tusks, "Gannala is afraid, the highest among us in fact. The fear she feels from Brangara's existence is the strongest for an Empyrean Tusk, due to their history with each other."

"I am a Mammoth Clansman, and the proudest to be one." He announced and turned around, "I've only accompanied everyone here to ensure the Mammoth Clan arrives here in safety. Now that my work is done, it's time I return to Gannala."

"But…" Raaha intended to ask Grehha to leave his daughter behind but stopped himself, aware that Grehha would rather die than do it. Raaha had observed how Grehha had spent all his time with his daughter once he was revived by Blola at the Mammoth Clan.

Grehha made eye contact with Raaha for a moment, giving the latter the answer through his determined expression. He then stared at Orakha, "I hope you'll reconsider your decision."

"I…" Orakha hesitated, sighing in the end to state his resolve, "No, I'm leaving."

"But can we do that?" Grehha asked as he stared at Vhalla, "Are the Mystic Paths free from the Major Disasters?"

"How…did you find out?" Vhalla's eyes widened as her voice was soft, confirming the answer a moment later, "You'll subconsciously arrive at the Major Disasters."

"That's what I did in the Second Major Disaster." Grehha nodded, "I had no concrete reason to show myself personally at the scene. I had plenty of methods to do what I needed through some Bone Vipers. But I found myself heading to the scene before I realised it."

He stared at Orakha, "Now you have the answer. If you want to flee, control yourself as much as possible. As long as you have enough mobility, you'll be finding yourself at the Armoury right as the Third Major Disaster starts."

"Thank you," Orakha smiled in gratitude, "I'm grateful for this information."

"Since you want to live happily and start a family, then go." Grehha waved his hand, turned around, and began to walk away, "Don't let everything else interrupt your happiness."

He stared at Maroppa once and nodded to express his support, "Take care of my brother. He's immature and a fold, but he's a kind-hearted person by nature."

"I will," Maroppa stated softly as she watched Grehha walk away until he disappeared from her sight.

"Seems he plans to stay behind and fight." Orakha closed his eyes, calming himself to prevent tears from flowing out. He was aware of the reason Grehha stayed behind.

The Celestial Boar was just too strong. The strength of the Mystic Paths must be combined to resist and defeat him. In terms of growth potential, Orakha was in second place, right behind Resha. His leaving left behind a void of power on the side of the Mystic Paths.

And if even Grehha leaves, then their side would be destroyed, ending up empowering Brangara to the extreme, using which he might travel Sumatra Continent to chase after the final Mystic Path, Orakha.

Orakha loved Maroppa. He had a reason to look forward to the next day, a reason not driven by thoughts of strength or power. Grehha didn't. The only woman he liked and had intentions to start a family with was already someone's wife.

That was Yarsha Zahara. And after birthing Yamahara, she lost her fertility. When Orakha conveyed the news, Grehha was the one who found it the hardest to stomach. But that was it.

He had no woman he loved enough to fight and forge a family with. Hence, he planned to stay behind, for his sole remaining reason was to fight.

As for his daughter, he never intended for her to emerge out of the Empyrean Incubator until the Fourth Major Disaster. No, she'll remain inside in safety, constantly absorbing Empyrean Tusk essence.

Inala, Virala, Blola, Yennda; none sought happiness. Instead, they were only focused on improving their strength to face Brangara. Even Resha was doing the same, having not met with Yahira for decades now.

Resha loved Yahira, but couldn't be with her, for he was afraid, afraid that it would be a repeat of the past. In his previous life, Yahira sacrificed herself to protect him, dealing a blow to the Empyrean Boar King before exploding into bits in response.

He wouldn't be able to handle a repeat of the past. Hence, Resha too was doing everything in his power to grow stronger. He knew he had to stand before the Mystic Paths and confront Brangara head-on while the remaining Mystic Paths worked their advantage.

"I'm sorry…" Orakha muttered in a dejected tone. He had long since reached the 3-Life Stage, becoming stronger than the last time he fought Brangara. But he was the one fleeing the fight.

He split off a body and transferred all his Minor Treasures of Orakha's Checkpoint to that body, "Even though only I can use this Minor Treasure, I'll gift this to Yahard Tusk. Maybe in the Mammoth Clan's future, there will appear a person who will have the same build as me. They'll be able to take advantage of the Minor Treasure."

"Goodbye," The lone body of Orakha saluted towards Raaha and disappeared, "I'll be transferring the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power to Yahara Tusk."

As the body disappeared, the 2-Life Stage Orakha who remained behind stared at a nearby tree in a daze. A few seconds later, veins popped all across his body as he collapsed to the ground, hollering in pain, "Aaargh!"

"Orakha!" Maroppa shrilled in fright and hurried to his rescue, propping him up as she inspected him, observing his Spirit Container trembling nonstop, sporting cracks with every passing second. She probed him and observed fractures appearing all across his Human Avatar, for the power of the Iron Empyrean Tentacle was being ripped apart from him.

"Aah!" Followed by a roar, Orakha fainted, growing weaker in response as he observed his Secondary Nature vanish, "So long, my revival."

15:52

A few minutes later, his Mystic Eaters coiled his body as he assumed his Human Avatar form. They began to mend the fractures, healing up the damage over time.

It took a few days before he made a full recovery, opening his eyes to stare at the Empyrean Tusks looking at him with moist eyes, "I…am fine."

"It was…your power." Vhalla expressed her sadness, "It was your wit that allowed you to obtain it from Brangara. And you were the one who gained acceptance from Sumatra to wield that power."

Orakha only let out a wry smile in response to her statement. He got up and signalled to everyone that he was ready to move.

Raaha stared at Orakha in silence, recalling the time following the Mammoth Clan's merger when Blola revived Orakha for the first time. 'He capitalised on the Transcendent Eater's power instantly upon understanding the situation at play and created a complex build. He's an enigma.'

To date, Orakha's build was the most complex and versatile, allowing him to change his builds as he pleased. As his knowledge increased, so did his power, at an exponential scale. Even at a comfortable pace, he had the potential to enter the Mystic Grade and become one of the strongest even at that level.

Everyone realised it, which was why they swallowed their comments, silently moving their feet as they entered a narrow path leading into the Gaja Enclave.

"This…is the birthplace of the Mammoth Ancestor," Vhalla muttered in a daze as she stared at the barren land that stretched beyond. Even after Mahira Tusk used the Dance of Recovery, Gaja Enclave had never recovered to its prime and remained a barren land.

And as if to mock their origin, the Gaja Enclave was where Brangara stored his Empyrean Tusk carcasses. Even if they had all been consumed now, considering how long their carcasses were placed here, a thick Empyrean Tusk presence covered the place.

'How many of us have that fucking bastard killed?' Veins popped all over her forehead at the thought, seething with anger. However, a stronger wave of fear encapsulated her mind, preventing her from acting on her anger.

"Let's leave," Raaha commented as he led the group and approached the outer edge of the Gaja Enclave, from where they planned to enter the Sandy-Grey Void and travel along Sumatra's borders.

However, when they were a kilometre from the border, Mystic Eaters jutted out of Orakha and hissed, alerting everyone as they raised their guard.

Slowly, as they watched with bated breaths, a figure walked in from the Sandy-Grey Void, his expression entrenched with sadness, "Do you…have to leave?"

"Please, I beg you." He said, "Don't abandon Sumatra."

It was Yamahara!





Chapter 704  Please, Hear Me Out!

"Is that him?" Prana billowed out of Raaha as he entered a state of vigilance, "Is he…"

"Yes," Orakha nodded in seriousness, "That's Yamahara."

"Has our plans been leaked to the enemy?" Vhalla frowned as she stared at Orakha, "But how? We haven't moved near any Parute Tree. Even the ones in our biomes have been destroyed and we've been using Internal Inertial Gravity to destroy any the moment they begin to sprout."

"We have underestimated Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. That's all," Orakha said as he glared at Yamahara, commenting upon spreading his senses, "But this is for the better."

"He's alone." Saying so, he kicked the ground and charged towards Yamahara, activating his Human Avatar. Heat billowed out of his back and selectively ionised the air, unleashing a thrust similar to a rocket that propelled him straight toward the target.

The conical structure of the propulsion expanded and contracted while increasing their number on his back, using torque and propulsion to accurately turn his body when necessary, allowing Orakha to move around swiftly even at top speeds.

"Please…" Yamahara's voice was soft as a golden flash burst out of his body, using his mother's Skill of Prana Flash. His figure flickered from the spot and moved away at speeds similar to Orakha, allowing the two to remain at a relative distance of twenty metres from each other, "Listen to me!"

"Things will be better with you out of the picture!" Orakha snorted as he used a Mystic Eater as a whip and lashed at Yamahara, frowning upon seeing an Eddy Blade sever it into pieces. A bloody scent wafted into his nose as Orakha opened his mouth and unleashed a wave of flames.

Patches of his skin got burnt in response as Yamahara raised the distance between the two, rapidly healing himself as he shouted, "I just want to talk!"

"DON'T LEAVE!" He shouted, "It's dangerous out there!"

"And what? Stay behind to become your father's dinner?" Orakha grunted and churned his Prana faster, ignoring the pain from his chest as he was placing greater stress on his Spirit Container. Ink-Black fumes jutted out of him and pervaded the surroundings, not in the least interacting with anything.

But the moment Yamahara touched a portion by mistake, intense heat assaulted him, melting off the contact portion. His face convulsed in pain as he clapped violently, unleashing a rumbling number of Prana Shocks that dispersed the ink-black mist and sent Orakha flying.

'That's the power of Astral Chart!' Raaha's eyes widened in shock upon witnessing the fight. The power the Empyrean Boar King had used to traumatise the Mammoth Clan was now being wielded by his son.

"Hah…haah…" Yamahara heaved ragged breaths as blood mist flowed out of his body, having used a significant portion of blood in that short duration. Though he had absorbed a large volume, if he were to face the Empyrean Tusks atop Orakha, he would run out soon.

He hurriedly breathed in and out and regained his composure, his gaze firming upon seeing Orakha, 'He's so strong even at the 2-Life Stage. If he reaches his peak, Sumatra will have one more powerhouse to face the other Continents!'

"Just…hear me out, please!" Yamahara shouted, "I came bearing no harm. Please, at least listen to me first before you do whatever you want."

"Whatever we want?" Orakha healed the cracks that had formed on his Human Avatar and began to walk towards Yamahara once again, "I want your death. Will you give me that if I listen to you?"

"I can't die," Yamahara shook his head, "But just listen to me before you make the decision, alright?"

"Your father never gave us that option while he hunted us," Orakha snorted.

"If we're going into specifics, none of this would have started if the Mammoth Clan hadn't barged into the Varahan Enclave!" Yamahara's expression hardened once Orakha talked badly about his father.

"And?" Orakha tilted his head and pointed at the group of Empyrean Tusks behind him, "Are we related to that incident? It happened two millennia ago. None of us were even alive back then."

"And you dare say you want to talk?" Orakha raged and grew silent, changing his mind a couple of seconds later, "Fine, talk! I'll at least hear you. But, remember this!"

His expression turned fierce, "I'll be coming after you immediately after you're done talking."

"That's fine with me. I won't allow myself to be killed." Yamahara glared at Orakha for a moment before talking, "Something dangerous is out there. I can't go into details, because if I did, I won't be able to find out any more information after this."

"But please believe me when I say that your strength is needed on Sumatra." He thumped his chest, "Whether you wish to fight or flee, that's your choice. But please do it on Sumatra."

"I plead with you to not cross its border!"

"Didn't you enter from past the border?" Orakha raised his eyebrow, "And you're telling us to not do the same?"

"I used this while doing so!" Yamahara said as a thick layer of Brangara's blood covered his body, "This protected me while I went out. But without my father's protection, I'll die in a matter of seconds once I venture out."

Raaha was silent for a few seconds before he activated his Secondary and Tertiary Natures simultaneously, using which he flickered towards the entrance of Gaja Enclave, entered the main continent of Sumatra, captured an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, and returned.

He tied a thick rope around its body, encased it in a bone sphere, and filled it with the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, ensuring the shock from being thrown wouldn't damage it. Following that, he spun rapidly, raising the momentum behind his spin, and released his hold once his figure had become a blur.

The bone sphere had morphed horridly, now resembling the skull of a terrifying beast, filled with grotesque mutations. As for the Iron Grade Pranic Beast within? It was even worse!

The bone sphere flew at tremendous speeds and entered the Sandy-Grey Void. Raaha waited for a few seconds and pulled the rope upon seeing Yamahara nod in response. The result terrified them.

The bone sphere had morphed horridly, now resembling the skull of a terrifying beast, filled with grotesque mutations. As for the Iron Grade Pranic Beast within? It was even worse!

Its head had grown four tentacles, with the ends of each sporting bizarre-looking heads, varying in size. The eyes of one suddenly swerved in their direction, terrifying everyone.

Pus leaked out of the Pranic Beast's body that was no longer at the Iron Grade. Instead, it had mutated to enter the Silver Grade, but its body had mutated to such an extent that it was unable to handle the rampant changes.

Its beating heart exploded, causing splinters of blood to burst out of its body and cover the inner surface of the bone skull. Faint tendrils resembling maggots coiled within the eyes of the skull and faced the direction of the Empyrean Tusks, revealing a ravenous glee.

Its jaws revealed a sinister smile while the lower body of the Pranic Beast behaved like a tongue, licking the front side of its teeth. The jaws moved up and down, expressing clattering sounds that somewhat resembled laughter.

"There's some juicy prey here," Suddenly, a grating voice resounded from the corpse of the Pranic Beast. One of its mutated heads let out the sound when Yamahara's figure flickered before it and unleashed a Prana Shock, sending the skull and all the contents within flying into the Sandy-Grey Void.

He then inspected the ground where the skull had been, extensively using his abilities and heaving a sigh in relief only upon failing to detect any lingering corruption. He slumped on the ground in exhaustion and turned around to face a terrified Orakha, stating, "That's one of the reasons."

'Sumatra's Transcendents are actively fighting against the Transcendents from the other Continents that have been sent first as scouts.' Yamahara thought of the information he gained from Sumatra's Transcendent Eater during their second round of discussion. He noticed that its voice seemed less arrogant than before, and mildly exhausted too?

'Mother, Father, Boul Brimgan, and the Mystic Paths. As long as I can prevent any of their deaths, we'll have sufficient fighting power to face the Continent Invasion following the Fourth Major Disaster.' Yamahara thought, worrying about it, 'But what can I do? Sumatra dislikes interference from the Transcendents. The moment I reveal the details, it'll lock out the Transcendent Eater too. I won't be able to get any information about our enemies and prepare accordingly after that.'

"I apologise that I cannot share any details, but I'll do everything in my power to act as a bridge between the two sides." He said, expressing desperation, "Let's have peace talks…"

He shouted upon seeing the Mammoth Clan continue to head towards the Sandy-Grey Void, "Didn't you hear me? You've seen what happens to anything that heads out!"

"You'll all die!" He said in desperation, flickering to appear between the Mammoth Clan and the Sandy-Grey Void.

"I appreciate your help, Yamahara." Orakha said, his expression of hatred softening, "But understand that this is our desperate attempt."

"Unless your father promises to leave us alone, we have no other choice but to flee."

"I promise to convince him…" Yamahara shouted, flinching upon receiving a glare from Orakha.

"As a merchant, I have a decent ability to read a person's character." Orakha stared at Yamahara for a couple of seconds, "I appreciate your efforts, Yamahara. But it seems you haven't managed to convince Brangara even after so many years. I don't know how many times you tried to do so, but it seems to be plenty."

"I'll try! As many times as it takes!" Yamahara shouted, veins popping across his neck as he watched the Mammoth Clan continue to avoid him and walk away, "Just give me time! I promise to convince him eventually. He's my father! He cares about my opinion. So, please! Give me some time and I'll ensure he's able to set aside his hatred."

"Time?" Orakha chuckled in a self-deprecating manner and stared at Yamahara to ask, "How many Boar Kings does the Wean Clan have at present?"

Seeing Yamahara's expression stiffen in response, Orakha shook his head and walked away, "That's the reason."

"The longer we wait, the more despairing it gets for us." A massive bone ship glittering with lines of Sumatra Gold appeared before the group who boarded it promptly. Standing on its deck, Orakha stared at Yamahara to say, "We have no intentions to wait until every single Wean Clansman can hunt us like your father did in the past."

The ship entered the Sandy-Grey Void, able to endure the corruption outside as it left Gaja Enclave, leaving Yamahara behind.

"I…failed, once again." Yamahara slumped on the ground and clenched his hand into fists. Tears streamed out of his eyes, "Orakha…left. He alone could have strengthened the Free Humans to a terrifying level."

"Aargh!" He roared, frustrated at his powerlessness. All he had was power and not the means to convince others, "What should I do now?"

'If the other Mystic Paths leave similarly, Sumatra will be done for!' His body trembled, fearing the enemies that would be appearing in the future, "But how? How can I convince them?"

"If you're that worried about something, you should have a chat with this old man, son." At some point in time, Brangara had silently appeared behind him, placing a hand on his shoulder to offer support, "You know I'm always on your side."

"Dad, can't we talk with the Mystic Paths?" Yamahara stared at his father, understanding upon seeing faint smoke wafting from his body to realise that Brangara had ventured into the Sandy-Grey Void, "Can't we all talk to each other?"

"A diplomatic talk will be great!"

"Do you know…?" Brangara let out a sigh and said, "A diplomatic talk is held before two sides wage a war. But,"

His expression hardened, "This war had already begun the moment I laid my eyes on Gannala during the First Major Disaster." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"And it won't end until one side is wiped out." He hugged Yamahara and walked away, "I didn't target the Mammoth Clan this time because you requested me not to. That's why I endured my impulse to not jump them when Orakha injured you. But, remember this, son."

He stated solemnly, "I'm strong! Whatever you're afraid of, I'll destroy it, even if it's a Transcendent. That's why I've been venturing into the Sandy-Grey Void in preparation. So, don't stress yourself so much, and learn to have fun once in a while."



Chapter 705  Grehha’s Dungeon

705  Grehha’s Dungeon

'A large-scale Tertiary Natures of Cultivator. So, that's how the Empyrean Tusks have evaded my pursuit.' Brangara thought as he began to return to the Varahan Empire alongside Yamahara, using the Sandy-Grey Void as a shortcut.

His presence was powerful enough to act as a barrier protecting them from the influences of the Transcendents in the Sandy-Grey Void. This allowed them to travel quickly through the Sandy-Grey Void, avoiding detection from all forces.

"Cheer up, son." He patted a sullen Yamahara, "There's more to live than needless worries."

"It's not needless, Father," Yamahara whispered, his shoulders slumped as he followed Brangara silently.

The duo walked without any discussion for a few minutes before Brangara broke the silence, "So, you fought Orakha. How was he?"

"Strong!" Yamahara nodded in awe, "I couldn't even fully grasp what he had done during the fight. But all I know is that he had strength to spare. And this isn't even his peak."

He stared at Brangara to say, "The way he controlled the heat generated by his Human Avatar was many times superior to when he fought you last. The potency has increased and he's able to attack with greater accuracy."

"When I fought him, it was stressful. It felt like every second we fought, he was accurately grasping the inner workings of my power." Yamahara said, "I felt the same frustration against him that I feel whenever I spar against Mother."

'He's as dangerous as Yarsha?' Brangara's eyes widened for an instant before curling up in seriousness, "So, he's grown to be that strong, huh?"

"At the 2-Life Stage, he's stronger than a 3-Life Stage Blola." Yamahara expressed his honest opinion, "I can at least absorb blood from Blola when I make contact. But once Orakha assumes his Human Avatar form, I can gain nothing from him."

He made eye contact with Brangara to say, "To be honest, Orakha can counter both me and mother. Another thing to worry about is the fact that I can no longer sense the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power in him."

"What?" Brangara shouted in shock, "How is that possible? He even has a Minor Treasure extending from that power. Where did it go if not in his possession?"

"Raaha is no longer the Gold Empyrean Tentacle." Yamahara sighed, "The fact that this happened can only mean one thing." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Sumatra's Blessed Race: Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Mystic Empyrean Tentacle!

Brangara immediately recalled his fight against the Mammoth Clan at the Dieng Canyon during the First Major Disaster, remembering one of the Settlement Leaders that had charged at him with a sword condensed out of Prana. 'That guy?'

The fact that the Iron and Gold Empyrean Tentacles have vanished meant scary news. In response, Brangara stared in the direction of the Mammoth Clan's ship, Prana seething out of him, brimming with fighting spirit.

He paused for a moment before thinking of Yennda, asking in response upon figuring out Yahard Tusk's identity, "Did you see Harrala in the group?"

"No," Yamahara shook his head.

'You better not fall in my line of sight, Yennda.' Brangara let out a long breath as he muttered, staring deeply into the Sandy-Grey Void, 'If your daughter controls the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, I can no longer afford to leave her be, no matter how much you beg for it.'

He understood and somewhat sympathised with Yennda's motives for wishing to stay with his daughter. Even after Yennda evolved by consuming two arms of the Celestial Boar, he was still an Iron Grade existence, which meant that he would at most live until the Fourth Major Disaster and then die a natural death.

So, if he stayed put far away from the fight, Brangara considered sparing just Harrala alone. It would be tough to control his impulses, but he could put in some minimal effort. But that was only when Harrala remained an unimpressive Empyrean Tusk as she was until now.

Things changed the moment her immune system gained the power of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Brangara considered that a genuine threat, just as how he considered the Royal Zinger.

Moreover, the threat level of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle far surpassed the Royal Zinger. both the Royal Zinger and the Celestial Boar were new existences that had appeared during the Second Major Disaster. It had been a mere fifteen years since their birth.

They didn't have enough time to develop their abilities, whether in terms of Skills, Prime Skills, ways to use Natures, etc.

However, Mystic Empyrean Tentacles had been alive since the beginning of Sumatra Continent's history, having had forever to develop their abilities. Even if they didn't have a Mystic Grade Nature, the extent of strength they could unleash thanks to their generations of accumulations trumped everything.

"When's the earliest you can communicate with Sumatra's Transcendent Eater?" Brangara asked after a moment of thought.

"After five years," Yamahara said, "I won't be able to communicate much using my accumulations from such a short time though."

"That's alright," Brangara nodded, "You only need to ask it the locations of three people and that would do. Will five years' worth of accumulations be enough for that?"

"Three locations…" Yamahara frowned as he began to calculate the time he would have to spend conversing with Sumatra's Transcendent Eater just to get to the point, "I will need at least eight years' worth, ten to be on the safer side."

"Ten it is then," Brangara nodded as he accompanied Yamahara and continued their journey.

At the same time, walking at a spot two hundred kilometres away from the entrance of the Gaja Enclave was Grehha, his expression serious as he walked with steady steps, his gaze falling upon his daughter from time to time.

His lips spread to form a mild smile every time he stared at her peaceful face, "My princess! It's a scary world out here, so until you've reached your full potential, it's for your best to remain like this."

As he had been feeding her Empyrean Tusk essence nonstop for more than six years, his daughter already possessed the Fragment Disease. It wasn't just a normal Fragment Disease like the Mammoth Clansmen of other Empyrean Tusks.

No, Grehha was the Fragment Disease Mammoth Clansman born as part of the Supreme Tusk Gannala's immune system. And through the Empyrean Incubator that she had bestowed upon him as his Tertiary Nature, the Fragment Disease he birthed in his daughter was the same as him.

As long as his daughter bathes in the blood of an Empyrean Tusk upon entering the Body Stage, she'd obtain the power of an Empyrean Tusk similar to Sumatra Chronicles' Resha.

But Grehha wasn't satisfied with that. He wanted more for her, especially since she inherited Yarsha Zahara's qualities. He had a clear idea of what build she could gain, for that was the strongest build a Mammoth Clansman could obtain.

Red Mystic Path—Resha!

16:21

Even though attaining Perfect Inertial Gravity was impossible without the Major Treasure of Cure, Grehha could aim for the next best thing—External Inertial Gravity!

But irrespective of what he wanted, he didn't plan on imposing his beliefs on his daughter. The type of power she wished to have was something she could decide upon reaching the age of adulthood, as is the Mammoth Clan's custom.

Grehha simply intended to ensure that she had access to all the options, so that she could get whatever she wanted. He had a somewhat twisted intention in the way he used Yarsha Zahara's ovum to birth his daughter.

But at the end of the day, he cared for her. The reason was extremely simple. He wanted hope, a reason to fight for, and a home to look forward to returning.

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Viper!

His build had remained consistent from the very beginning, created with endgame potential with enough room for growth and evolution. He intended to remain at the Silver Grade, there were no changes to that.

"Guess it's time to start my swarm tactics." He muttered and arrived at a decently open spot amidst the thicket of trees. Bone mist wafted out of his being as he activated his Primary Nature of Spirit Bone, condensing a bone hill before him.

He walked inside and extended his right hand, condensing a shovel through bone mist, following which he activated Internal Inertial Gravity and strengthened the shovel alongside his body. He began digging immediately, gorging out the earth within the bone hill.

Trolleys of bone flew out as Spirit Weapons and poured out the dug earth, filling up the surroundings. He gradually headed deeper into the ground, beginning to carve out a maze and laid a floor of porous bone.

He stood upon the platform and slit his wrist, dripping blood onto the floor to watch it seep into the floor in a matter of seconds. The floor absorbed the blood like a sponge, becoming dry soon after.

He expanded his Prana to the underside of the floor where a canal had been constructed. The droplets of blood fell there and formed a faint trail as it flowed forward. The floor was twenty metres thick, more than sturdy enough to withstand powerful attacks from even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts such as Centingers.

The tunnels forming the maze were two hundred metres wide and a hundred metres tall, with all surfaces covered by walls of porous bone twenty metres thick, condensed using Spirit Bone.

Grehha immersed himself in the process, heading out to hunt Pranic Beasts to consume and replenish his Prana, following which he returned to resume construction. Once he had finished an empirical setup, he sat within one of the tunnels and covered the Empyrean Incubator holding his daughter with a layer of Spirit Bone, blocking the child's view even though she had been asleep all along.

After letting out a long breath, he pulled down his pants and began to wank his little brother, assuming his Pranic Beast form to sprout a couple millilitres of semen that he habitually captured using an Empyrean Incubator.

Before the sperms could die, he seemed in Empyrean Tusk Essence and wielded the Empyrean Incubator as a Spirit Weapon, making changes inside faintly by varying the temperature, pressure, and light.

The majority of the sperm cells died in the process while a rare few survived. He casually condensed an Empyrean Incubator into a microscope, using which he observed them, tallying their appearance to his research data. 'Alright, there's enough modification that any living beings they grow into won't be considered my child.'

Due to the functions of the Mystic Path, a Mystic Path could only have one child, who will end up being birthed as their daughter. Grehha was simply making minor genetic changes until the progeny was no longer considered his.

This wasn't even the first time he had done this. The Mammoth Clan had thought otherwise, but the Bone Wipers were actually produced in this way, since he had generated sperm while in his Empyrean Viper form.

The sperm cells would mutate within the Empyrean Incubator due to the environmental conditions. He had a long list of conditions and the resultant mutations, having tallied mountains worth of research material.

One of the mutations was the Bone Vipers he created for the Mammoth Clan, which was what he focused on making now. among the millions of sperm cells he produced, barely a dozen sported the right mutations that he needed.

He stored the other successful mutations in a second Empyrean Incubator and spread the Bone Viper sperm cells in an Empyrean Incubator each. Following that, he supplied them with Prana, hatching them after a month's incubation.

Right as they were birthed, the Bone Vipers considered the maze their home. As they crawled across the bone floors with their tiny bodies, information seeped into their beings gradually as they had subconsciously activated Mystic Bone Art.

The entire maze acted as one giant Bone Slip, containing all the information necessary to allow the Bone Vipers to grow on their own and become selectively brainwashed since birth, treating only Grehha and his daughter as allies.

Grehha and his daughter were considered part of their home, entities they had to protect. Grehha worked on increasing their numbers gradually, watching the Bone Vipers begin to work on expanding the maze on their own based on the information within the Bone Slip.

Once their numbers had increased to a certain extent, he arrived at the deepest point of the maze and ripped his stomach out, gasping in pain for a few moments as he watched his stomach organ crumble in a matter of seconds, following which a pillar of light beamed out, unleashing a presence that began to draw in Pranic Beasts from the outside.

Minor Treasure—Corporeal Mixer!

This was the Minor Treasure bestowed upon him by the Mammoth Clan and the one he used as bait to lure in Pranic Beasts for slaughter. This way, he could sit in the comfort of his house and endless farm for resources that he required next to build up the strength of both him and his daughter, not to mention raise an army of Bone Vipers.

With the Minor Treasure as a lure, situated deep underground, the maze filled with Bone Vipers acted as a defence mechanism against the Pranic Beasts that acted as invaders. What he had created here was a very common trope on Earth, a popular one in fact.

A Dungeon!





Chapter 706  Grehha’s Ultimate Objective

706  Grehha’s Ultimate Objective

The Minor Treasure's presence wafted out of the Dungeon and spread to its surroundings on the surface, luring in the nearby Pranic Beasts.

Grehha had selected a location frequented by Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, with occasionally some Silver Grade Pranic Beasts moving about. Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were dangerous as a horde. However, the Bone Vipers were more than well-equipped to deal with them in the maze where they enjoyed a home-ground advantage.

A group of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts entered the decorated entrance positioned along the cliff side of the bone mountain and rushed into the maze, relying solely on sounds, smell, and Prana detection methods to sense around as their surroundings got progressively darker.

As they rushed inside, lured by the wafting presence of the Minor Treasure, they entered a section of the tunnel filled with bone mist, beginning to cough in response as they inhaled the smoke.

A few seconds later, they dropped to the ground as bone spikes jutted out of their lungs and pierced through all the nearby organs, including their heart. A Bone Viper controlled a chakram made of bone and began to sever the Pranic Beast's corpse into large pieces, causing its blood to spurt on the floor and be absorbed into it in a matter of seconds.

Once all its blood had flowed out, a group of Bone Vipers latched onto the corpse and tore it further, gorging upon the pieces in a flash of gore. Their instructions were to avoid the blood and consume only the flesh.

The Bone Vipers too couldn't see in the dark, but they had a superior weapon to rely upon in the maze.

Bone Slip! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The entire maze was a Bone Slip, allowing them to constantly add and access the information within it. They added every single piece of information picked up by their senses, collating which allowed the Bone Vipers to have a better grasp of the invaders' movements.

By relying upon this method, they pooled their senses and mowed down their enemies rapidly. The walls and floors absorbed the blood and dripped them outside, causing the blood to fall into the canal positioned further below.

As the blood collected in large volume, it began to flow through the canal, heading deeper into the maze, slowing reaching the innermost depths which were situated forty kilometres below the surface.

The maze hadn't even been developed past a kilometre mark in depth, as it hadn't been long since Grehha began constructing this Dungeon. At this depth, only the canal existed, which led into a large spherical cave spanning a kilometre in radius.

The blood dripped into it and began to gradually amass itself in quality, rich with the Prana of Pranic Beasts it was collected from. The Prana was gradually dissipating from the blood, enriching the air in the cave.

Grehha slapped onto the walls some Spirit Moss that he purchased from one of the Empyrean Tusks, watching it absorb the ambient Prana and rapidly grow in response, beginning to cover the cave walls.

As his surroundings began to brighten thanks to the Spirit Moss, Grehha jumped onto a boat floating on the lake of blood and placed the Empyrean Incubator carrying his daughter on it. There was a socket in the boat, in which the Empyrean Incubator had been lodged perfectly.

This allowed a portion of the Empyrean Incubator to remain in contact with the blood, allowing it to absorb the traces of Prana within the blood. And as it continued to absorb Prana, the Empyrean Incubator released Empyrean Tusk essence within, allowing the girl to absorb it and develop in response.

Upon seeing it working as intended, Grehha expanded the boat and brought the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer there, watching it hover before him and unleash a pillar of light that slammed into the ceiling of the cave.

It wasn't a Major Treasure, and hence its beam of light didn't manage to pierce all the way through forty kilometres of earth and reach the surface. Only a small portion of its presence leaked out of the Dungeon and systematically lured in Pranic Beasts at a pace the Bone Vipers could handle.

Grehha spent the next few months increasing the population of the Bone Vipers. Finally, eighteen years since the end of the Second Major Disaster, three years after he had begun constructing the Dungeon, he had completed laying down the necessary groundwork.

The Dungeon had multiple entrances reaching far away Pranic Beast territories. The number of Bone Vipers, though young, had increased to a couple hundred thousand. There were enough male and female Bone Vipers to conventionally raise their population despite their insane death rate.

Only after the birth rate slightly exceeded the death rate could Grehha call it a day. Now, the Dungeon will be self-sufficient, with the Bone Vipers expanding their population by feeding upon the Pranic Beasts that enter daily, lured in by the presence of a Minor Treasure.

With all preparations completed, Grehha arrived at the innermost cave where the Minor Treasure had been placed. He stared at the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer and observed that the blood filling up the place was steadily being influenced by it.

Corporeal Mixer was a Minor Treasure in the shape of a stomach. Once fused to the stomach, it allowed the stomach to digest any organic material rapidly. Birthed from a Mammoth Clansman who happened to be a Settlement Leader, this was one of the three strongest Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Clan's possession.

Spectral Eyes was with Resha, Extreme Sensitivity was with Gannala, and finally, Grehha had Corporeal Mixer.

Currently, the influence generated by Corporeal Mixer had changed the properties of the blood within the cave, turning it into a digestible fluid rich in Prana.

Grehha enveloped himself in an Empyrean Incubator, positioning himself on the boat similar to his daughter. The Empyrean Incubator absorbed the fluid and seeped Empyrean Tusk essence into him.

As he began to absorb large amounts of Empyrean Tusk essence, Grehha felt his Secondary and Tertiary Natures becoming excited in response, faintly beginning to develop. Internal Inertial Gravity couldn't grow anymore, for it had already reached the pinnacle of the Gold Grade. But Empyrean Incubator still had room for growth.

It was a Gold Grade Nature but wasn't at the peak of the Gold Grade yet. Moreover, Grehha intended to improve his Primary Nature of Spirit Bone to the Gold Grade and perfectly harmonise it with his Secondary and Tertiary Natures during the process.

His goal was to emulate the power of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle in how it harmonised its three Natures and unleashed power on par with a Mystic Grade Nature. Moreover, it could vary the levels of harmonisation to unleash varying powers, all at the Mystic Grade.

This was how Mystic Empyrean Tentacles were strong. Even though they could only unleash power on par with a single Mystic Grade Nature, thanks to varying their harmonisation, they had an arsenal of powers equivalent to multiple Mystic Grade Natures, able to use the perfect power according to the situation.

Once Grehha's three Natures were at the peak of the Gold Grade, he'd be able to achieve a similar harmonisation. The Empyrean Tusk essence he was absorbing to the point of saturation would help in evolving his Natures in that direction.

'It'll be unfortunate if this brings me to the Gold Grade as I won't be able to progress through the Life Stage fast enough.' He thought, for entering the Gold Grade meant he would be only at the 2-Life Stage or at most the 3-Life Stage, if he was fortunate enough, by the time the Fourth Major Disaster began.

Only by remaining at the Silver Grade could he progress through the Life Stage fast enough. After all, what he wanted the most wasn't Gold Grade strength by the stacking power he would get by progressing through the Life Stage, which would strengthen the constructs he makes through Spirit Bone.

16:22

Moreover, once all his Natures reach the Gold Grade, he'll be wielding Gold Grade strength. He just wouldn't be fast enough in unleashing his power as compared to a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, having enough reserve of Prana, and enough brainpower to process complex control over Spirit Weapon.

It was a worthy trade-off as he could somehow satisfy the lacking Gold Grade aspects with a high enough stack of bodies at the Life Stage. With that in mind, he began his preparations, from time to time using a Spirit Weapon to make contact with the maze and gathering information present in the Bone Slip.

He remained up to date on the current affairs thanks to the information gained and collated by the Bone Vipers. This way, he wouldn't entirely lose out in terms of information.

As he cultivated zealously, Grehha breathed out slowly, "Mystic Bone Art is indeed the best cultivation technique among everything."

Every single living being had a skeleton, which was what Mystic Bone Art controlled. That was this cultivation technique's greatest relevancy, which was why Grehha remained proud of his Mammoth Clansman identity.

It was also why all the Bone Vipers he created used Mystic Bone Art. And once he completes his accumulation process, he planned to construct as many Dungeons as possible and increase the number of Viper variants at both the Iron and Silver Grade.

Grehha had even mapped out the method to mutate a Gold Grade Viper variant, a completely new species. That variant was still unstable, so he was waiting until his three Natures were perfectly harmonised, following which he would produce the all-power Gold Grade variant.

Countless races existed on Sumatra that worshipped the Empyrean Tusks as Deities, among both Humans and Pranic Beasts. However, even though these creatures worshipped Empyrean Tusks, they had no relation with the Empyrean Tusks.

Their worship was created out of awe for these majestic creatures that represented the pinnacle of natural birth, possessing powers that vastly exceeded the standards of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Therefore, when Brangara hunted Empyrean Tusks, these creatures did nothing.

They were unlike Mammoth Clansmen who lived and died for the Empyrean Tusks. Hence, Grehha wanted to create a new line of Empyrean Tusk worshippers, those armed with Mystic Bone Art.

Cultivating the power derived from an Empyrean Tusk, they'll worship Empyrean Tusks from a fundamental aspect, just like Mammoth Clansmen. Hence, when Brangara attacks the Empyrean Tusks, they'll do everything in their power to stop him.

It mattered naught if they could do anything, but they'd give their everything for their Deities. Moreover, as they cultivated Mystic Bone Art, it meant the Mammoth Clan could instantly gain information through Bone Slips from all territories home to such creatures.

This would expand the Mammoth Clan's influence which had severely been undermined in the past few decades due to Brangara's growing power and the absence of the Empyrean Tusks.

Moreover, Grehha had a powerful motive to push forth in this direction. Whether it be the Bone Vipers or any other Viper variants he could produce through his Empyrean Incubators, they were all Pranic Beasts.

It meant that just like every single Pranic Beast race with enough intelligence and foundation, they could create Ravaged Tribes.

Ravaged Tribes that served the Viper variants and cultivated Mystic Bone Art. The Viper variants cultivated Mystic Bone Art and worshipped the Empyrean Tusks. Finally, the Empyrean Tusks who were the creators of Mystic Bone Art and the source of the Mammoth Clan's strength remained in the centre of this network of power. This would balloon the Mammoth Clan's influence to a whole other level, one that grew exponentially as the years progressed, making Sumatra extremely safe for the Mammoth Clan.

Grehha wasn't worried about it hindering the ultimate objective of the Mammoth Clan, for Brangara alone was more than enough threat that would force them to the depths of despair and force them to evolve.

He stared at his daughter, "The day she emerges out of that Empyrean Incubator, her Mystic Path would already be full."

"She'll be there to lead everyone, even if everything else fails," Grehha closed his eyes and muttered solemnly, "As the Supreme Tusk."





Chapter 707  New Blola!

707  New Blola!

Forest of Enrinos!

At a cave deep underneath, in the location the Mammoth Clan had been hiding for years after the Second Major Disaster, the screams of a man echoed nonstop.

The entire place was vacant except for this boy, who was sprawled on the floor. Root tendrils jutted out of his body and dug into the soil, absorbing nutrients before wilting a few seconds later. The process repeated in a loop, with his screams accompanying them every single time.

"Argh! Aaarghhh! You…damn…get recked!" Blola screamed as he fainted for the hundredth time on the same day.

"Hah…haah! Shit!" He gasped in exhaustion upon arriving at his mind space, which was a void way vaster than every other living being on Sumatra.

The void was divided into two parts, with four-tenths of it being under his control while the remaining was under the Transcendent Eater's control.

Data clusters hovered across the place, numbering a terrifying amount. But a good majority of them remained in the region controlled by the Transcendent Eater, including all the information about the Mystic Paths.

Below them were corpses of Blola, numbering in the millions, grotesquely pierced by root tendrils. The tendrils grew out of one of the corpse's mouth, flowering from his eyes, using his blood as nutrients to grow.

Every time they fought, the loser's trap was pulled into the region controlled by the winner.

On Blola's side was an even bigger pile, filled with the Transcendent Eater corpses. The carnivorous flowers were beaten badly, with the rows of teeth within plucked out.

'I'm almost there!' Blola thought the moment he entered the mind space, grabbing a data cluster and transforming it into an axe. He picked some of the teeth from a defeated carnivorous mouth and added them to the axe, arming himself with an array of weapons.

Followed by a grunt, he charged into the territory of the Transcendent Eater and began battling against a gigantic entity growing there, beginning to hack its countless branches.

Boom!

Followed by a resounding roar, his figure was sent flying into his territory, ending up breaking his focus. "Argh!"

He regained consciousness and screamed in pain, feeling a searching headache as root tendrils grew out of his body, controlled by the Transcendent Eater. He hurriedly circulated his Prana and gathered his bearings, regaining control over himself as the root tendrils dissipated.

"Fucking bastard, this is my body. I'm the one in control!" He growled and pierced his roots into the ground, regenerating his expended Prana, following which he entered his mind space once again, resuming the battle.

He was currently at the 4-Life Stage and was fighting to unlock his fifth body. As long as he succeeds, he'd gain the true capabilities of his nerfed Transcendent Eater form, becoming able to revive entities other than the Mystic Paths.

Only one body stayed in the dome while the remaining three were with Gannala. He had to stay here for only at the blessed land did he have enough nutrients to constantly generate Prana for various uses.

So, once the Mammoth Clan left, he began to use it as his training ground. The battles in his mindspace were brutal, resulting in his death numerous times. And every time he died, he lost a portion of his territory.

And conversely, his every victory increased his territory. Steadily, even though he died multiple times, Blola's territory was increasing, as the territory he gained upon each death of the Transcendent Eater was multiple times greater than what he lost upon every death.

[It's time!]

Hovering in the Sandy-Grey Void, with its roots dug into the grey sand and using it as nutrients was Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. The majority of its body was bruised, having been fighting against Transcendents from other Continents.

Its primary focus was on its fight against Blola, observing that the number of Blola's corpses in the mind space under its control had reached the desired number.

For an instant, it stared at Sumatra Continent, muttering with a soft voice, as if explaining its reasoning to the Continent.

[I'm not interfering personally. I'm only making some tweaks to protect you in the future, old friend!]

Boom!

For an instant, all the Parute Trees on Sumatra Continent stiffened for the fraction of a second, going unnoticed by the natives on the Continent. In that fraction of a second, Sumatra's Transcendent Eater gathered its influence and poured it into Blola's mindspace, into the part of it under its control.

"Almost there…" Blola grunted as he leapt high up in the air and twirled around with a pair of axes that were harnessed to his hip by chains. The axe heads slashed through a larger branch of the Transcendent Eater, rendering it helpless for a few seconds as all its branches had been cut off.

"Argh!" He growled and threw the axe, hooking it onto the remainder of the Transcendent Eater and coiled the chains around its body. Following that, he grunted and tugged it to his side in the mind space where he systematically dismembered it.

Right as he killed it, there was a change in the mind space as the region under his control increased, pushing his corpses on the Transcendent Eater's side further away as its territory shrank.

But right after that, all his corpses that were a result of his fight against the Transcendent Eater got up. Root tendrils grew out of them and latched onto each other, sucking in the nutrients forming their bodies.

Carnivorous mouths appeared in large numbers and fought each other, biting and tearing into other Blola corpses. They devoured each other, reducing their numbers while increasing the size of the ones remaining behind.

"What…the fuck is happening?" Blola was stunned when he realised that though he gained access to the 5-Life Stage, he was unable to condense his fifth body. Instead, something beyond his knowledge was happening in his mind space.

He stared in nervousness as all his corpses sprouted carnivorous mouths that devoured each other, beginning to grow in size and strength. Soon, only one carnivorous mouth remained, sporting a fat, bulging stalk.

It wriggled weakly and began to digest everything that it had consumed, gradually sprouting branches until it resembled a miniature Transcendent Eater. It then shrunk further, taking on Blola's appearance, following which it took a step forward and entered the mind space under his control.

"What the fuck are you?" Blola shouted upon seeing another him in the mind space, alarmed by the latter.

Until now, there were only two existences in his mindspace: him and the Transcendent Eater.

They constantly fought each other and every time he won, he gained better control over the Transcendent Eater's power. And in the mindspace, they were depicted in their original forms, which was why Blola was only able to use his human form here while the Transcendent Eater remained in its form.

But now, the arrival of the third party terrified him, especially since it could assume his appearance.

"I am you," As it spoke, the figure vanished, prompting Blola to regain consciousness in reality to see that at some point in time, his legs had turned into roots and were actively absorbing nutrients from the soil.

All the Prana generated in response accumulated in his Spirit Container, and once it reached full capacity, it condensed to form a second Spirit Container. The new Spirit Container absorbed the blood funnelling into the heart and formed its own heart, at which point a stack formed.

The second body in the stack began to gradually grow in response upon absorbing a voracious sum of nutrients from the soil, quickly building itself beyond Blola's control. "Shit! What is happening to me?" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He struggled to stop the process but was unable to control himself. His Spirit Container wasn't listening to him, acting on its own. 'I should stop this!'

He grabbed his neck and exerted force, intending to kill himself. Whatever was happening to him, he was sure it didn't bode well for him. So, it was better to commit suicide so that his 3-Life Stage self living in Gannala's stomach biome could take charge and avoid whatever issue was plaguing him at the moment.

[Idiot!]

A mocking voice resembling his boomed in his mind space, following which the newly formed body jumped out of the stack and appeared beside his body.

Immediately following that, it harnessed all its strength and leapt away, rolling on the ground in pain upon erecting a distance of 180 metres between the two.

Both the bodies of Blola rolled around in pain for a few minutes as they almost imploded due to the differences in their minds. Thankfully, the difference wasn't sufficient enough, otherwise they would have imploded when they were one—as a stack.

"Ha…haha!" The newly formed body of Blola laughed upon recovering from the pain, getting up slowly as it ensured to widen the distance further. It stared at the old Blola and commented, "You were wondering who I was?"

"Idiot, can't you see?"

"Are you the Transcendent Eater?" Blola frowned and became ready to fight.

16:23

"Fuck, no!" The newly formed body of Blola waved its hand and retreated further away in alarm, "The Transcendent Eater was involved in the process, but I'm still you."

"If you were me, why do you behave so differently from me?" Blola frowned, the pain he faced moments before was fresh in his mind. Had they been similar, he wouldn't have experienced the pain.

"Well, our character is different." The newly formed body of Blola shrugged, "I only possess a selective number of your characteristic traits. So, though we are the same individual, the influences shaping our minds are different. So, we cannot remain a stack."

'I should kill this bastard!' Blola grunted and assumed his Transcendent Eater form, having regained control of his Spirit Container the moment the newly formed body jumped away from the stack.

"Dude, calm down!" The newly formed body of Blola shouted and began to run away, ensuring to maintain at least two hundred metres of distance between the two. Its arms turned into stalks and expanded in length while the hands turned into a pair of carnivorous mouths and latched onto the walls of the dome.

Followed by a grunt, the stalks sent the newly formed body of Blola hurling up into the mouth of the dome.

"Come back, bastard!" Blola shouted and expanded his Transcendent Eater body further in an effort to capture the escaping body, but the newly formed body was well aware of his abilities and avoided promptly, ensuring the Spirit Weapon range of the two never interacted.

"Farewell, sucker." The newly formed figure of Blola flung itself through a long tunnel and reached the forest on the surface. Multiple Comets targeted it promptly after, but it endured the damage and relied upon its regeneration to rush out of the living area of the Enrans.

Soon, it flew into the forest where only the Enrinos lived, taking a breather there to make a full recovery, following which it left the forest. Only then did it sigh in relief upon seeing that Blola wasn't chasing after it anymore, "Thank goodness."

"It would have been troublesome if he continued to chase after me. He's at the 4-Life Stage while I'm only at the 1-Life Stage." It muttered and focused on its mindspace. The Transcendent Eater wasn't there, meaning that it could reach the 10-Life Stage whenever it wanted.

However, that wouldn't happen as long as Blola was alive. He was currently at the 4-Life Stage while the Transcendent Eater in his mindspace held control over the remaining five Stages.

'I'll wait for my time and gather strength until then.' It thought and began to move. It wasn't lying when it said that it was another Blola. The only difference was that its memories, character, and disposition were shaped by Sumatra's Transcendent Eater from the data it extracted out of all of Blola's corpses accumulated over the years in the mind space.

Those corpses contained his memories, experiences, and character disposition until the moment of death, so all the corpses were a bit different from each other, depending on when they died. Out of them, only the traits necessary for one purpose were extracted, which was to prepare for the upcoming Continental War.

That was this body's sole purpose. So, until the Fourth Major Disaster, it'll make preparations and then try to kill the 9-Life Stage Blola, if he was alive by then. Or even in the case of failure, it planned to transfer all its accumulations to the 9-Life Stage Blola, so that he would be ready for the Continental War.

"Ha…haha!" It let out a chuckle upon staring at its arsenal of data. Unlike Blola, it had full access, since the Transcendent Eater had given it. But the Transcendent Eater hadn't given it access to the Mystic Paths that were alive, only records of the past from dead Mystic Paths.

"This is more than enough!" It exclaimed in excitement, for the Transcendent Eater's power was one of revival. And the moment it obtains the data of someone, it'll never be erased from its arsenal, which allowed this body to become capable of reviving two, extremely powerful existences.

Moments before he was sacrificed into the Major Treasure of Arsenal, the Mammoth Clansman—Virala!

Moments before he came in contact with the Major Treasure of Attribute, the Mammoth Clansman male and Cooter Clansman female—Inala!

'I cannot revive them until their actual selves are dead, but this is a solid backup following that.' Letting out a grin, the newly formed body of Blola began to walk in the direction of the Brimgan Empire, intending to seek refuge there until the time was right to reveal itself.

Was a bit tired after work yesterday, so the chapter has been delayed by 12 hours. Sorry about that. Anvelope





Chapter 708  Gannala’s Trade

708  Gannala’s Trade

Connected to a stream of water stretching out from the Dralh Sea through the Kappeet Channel was a body of water largely transformed by the Empyrean Snappers.

It had been created by combining eighteen lakes, four Channels, and two seas, and laying down a direct connection to the Red-Draft River, resulting in the widening of the largest water body that had been there originally, now renamed the Tsloch Sea.

The environment of Tsloch Sea was created to be as safe and nourishing as possible, as a result drawing in plenty of Pranic Beasts to form a new ecosystem. Similar to the Southern Veins in the Brimgan Empire, a vein network of land stretched through the Tsloch Sea while being an island.

This island served as the domicile of the Cooter Clansmen while Tsloch Sea became their new home and doubled down as their headquarters. Pressured by the Celestial Boar, they had been forced to group up.

They had originally been split into different branches due to the limited availability of resources. The Dralh Sea couldn't sustain the needs of more than forty Empyrean Snappers in the long run, as their primary source of food resource originated from the Phells.

The Empyrean Snappers used their bodies to fill the gaps in the Abyss Ring, which only needed 38 of them. Any more, and they won't have a good spot, which was why that number had been maintained until the Second Major Disaster.

Now, multiple water bodies had been connected to form the Tsloch Sea that was barely able to sustain the sheer number of Empyrean Snappers concentrated at the place, all 216 of them.

Their numbers were staggering despite the recent massacre by Brangara.

At the headquarters of the Cooter Clan, situated right next to a resting Empyrean Snapper that had now assumed position as the 1st Empyrean Snapper, hushed discussions erupted in increasing frequencies.

The cause was none other than the arrival of two Empyrean Tusks, their second arrival in fact. The first arrival happened a few years after the Empyrean Snapper massacre. It was where both sides laid down some terms and conditions in regards to a cooperation, one initiated thanks to Resha forging a relationship between each other.

"I have come to satisfy my side of the agreement." Gannala sipped the tea offered to her as she stared at the person nominated as the Cooter Clan Chief temporarily, who only had Silver Grade Strength.

The newly appointed Cooter Clan Chief, Naknak was nervous as he stared at the figures of Gannala and Harrala, able to feel the sheer pressure exuded from their presence, gulping in response.

Gannala and Harrala weren't just Empyrean Tusks but had three Natures, which made them significantly more terrifying than Empyrean Snappers with one Nature. Moreover, Gannala had a Mystic Grade Nature too, which made her even more terrifying in his eyes, so much so that he had difficulties breathing just to be in the same room as the duo.

"Yes…" He took in a deep breath and calmed himself upon feeling the gaze of his Deity. They were currently seated on the topmost floor of a stone-shaped tower, with only four pillars propping up the ceiling. There were no walls.

And positioned right behind Naknak, observing the Empyrean Tusk duo was the 1st Empyrean Snapper's gigantic eye. It remained neutral to its utmost level, understanding that this cooperation was a necessity for their survival.

Unlike Geugeu, there were many Cooter Clansmen stronger than Naknak. But he was appointed for the sole reason he could communicate with the Empyrean Snappers, which only became possible upon reaching the end of Mystic Mist Art after entering the 10-Life Stage.

He was silent for a few seconds, hearing what his Deity had to say before nodding at the duo, "Yes, we've made the necessary preparations already."

He then pointed towards a large stone building a couple kilometres away, one that was forty stories high, "The first batch of medicines has been stored there. We'll give you a batch every time you assist us with your services."

"Good, let's get things started then." Gannala got up slowly and approached the 1st Empyrean Snapper and reached out her hand towards its face, prompting Naknak, "Tell it that I'm going to start with it first. Tell it not to resist."

As Naknak nodded and finished his conversation, Gannala seeped her Prana through the 1st Empyrean Snapper's body and experienced a lot of resistance immediately. She glared at the 1st Empyrean Snapper and watched it gradually reduce its resistance, allowing her Prana to eventually reach the Empyrean Snapper's Spirit Container, following which she vanished, having equipped herself onto its Secondary Nature slot.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

Gannala gathered the influence of her Tertiary Nature upon activating it at full strength, coursing it through the Empyrean Snapper that unleashed Subtle Terrain Domination instinctively. The effects of Subtle Terrain Domination didn't target her but instead harmonised with the effects of Cultivator she was generating.

Her Tertiary Nature had been derived through the assistance of the Cooter Clan, and if her Major Treasure of Arsenal's power, Internal Derivative Refiner could act upon it, she could even derive Subtle Terrain Domination from her Tertiary Nature.

Unfortunately, that wasn't a possibility for the time being, but the fact of the matter is that both her Tertiary Nature and Subtle Terrain Domination were compatible. As a result, she had barely begun the process when the Empyrean Snapper's Prana harmonised with the effects, resulting in the vanishing of its ginormous body, leaving behind only the mountain that had been growing on its back for many centuries.

"Ha…haha! How many years has it been since I last looked this small?" A bald, old man stood at the foot of the mountain, staring at his human hands, clenching them slowly. It felt awkward at first, unusual even, but as he moved them around, he got the hang of it usually.

His expression was fierce in terms of gratitude as he stared at the figure of Gannala who appeared beside him, nonchalant about the inconceivable feat she had just performed, "I thank you from the bottom of my heart."

"What you've done just allowed the Cooter Clan to continue its existence while minimizing the risks faced by the Empyrean Snappers." Saying as such, the 1st Empyrean Snapper bowed, unconcerned about the fact that Gannala was an Empyrean Tusk, seen as a rival by the Empyrean Snappers, or the fact that she was vastly younger in terms of age.

To him, it mattered naught, for Gannala's assistance placated his worries and allowed him to grab his brethren in human forms and flee to safety. Moreover, in human forms, all 216 of them could gather within the Spirit Weapon range of each other and stack the effects of Subtle Terrain Domination.

The absolute domain of authority they unleashed would be unbreakable for even Brangara. Moreover, the same group could even march together into the Varahan Empire and bring Brangara to his knees.

Just being able to assume human form transformed their despair into home. It was why he was truly thankful, setting aside his ego to bow without inhibitions.

"My Tertiary Nature of Cultivator…" Gannala hesitated for a moment before saying, her voice slightly emotional upon seeing an Empyrean Snapper bow to her without a hint of ego, truly thankful from the bottom of his heart, "It's not the same as Brangara."

"This Cultivator was created by my Dad, Inala alongside the perfect Empyrean Snapper, Wittral while taking assistance from the Empyrean Boar King, Brangara." She revealed the truth, nodding upon seeing the old man's disbelief, "It's the truth."

"Inala might have been the one to come up with the idea, but Wittral solved a great number of issues that popped up during the process." She said, embellishing the truth. Wittral and Brangara did contribute a lot to the creation of her Tertiary Nature, that was a fact. However, they never knew they were working towards it in the first place.

Gannala had a reason to cooperate with the Cooter Clan—medicines!

She wanted medicines in amounts that could easily bankrupt the Mammoth Clan, for she intended to raise Gold Grade Mammoth Clansmen. Hence, she purchased it from the Cooter Clan, trading them the opportunity to assume human form, plus equipping the Empyrean Snappers with suitable Nature Weapons.

Every time she gives them a Nature Weapon, she'll be given a large batch of medicines. It was similar when she gave human form to an Empyrean Snapper too. The second process was a goldmine of opportunity.

After all, Empyrean Snappers, just like Gannala and Brangara, weren't able to unleash their peak potential in human form. So, whenever they intended to stockpile a large volume of Spirit Pools, they'd have to assume Empyrean Snapper form.

And every time this happened, they'd request Gannala's assistance. For minimal effort, she'd be getting plenty of resources that benefitted her plan.

"Look here!" The 1st Empyrean Snapper bellowed at his loudest voice and beckoned the Empyrean Snappers to gradually gather in his vicinity. The expressions of everyone stiffened at the start before breaking into awe, excitement, and most of all, relief.

"If you please," He faced Gannala and asked respectfully.

"Of course, it's my pleasure." Gannala nodded and began to sequentially transform the Empyrean Snappers into their human form equivalent. Harrala watched the process from the side, her gaze one of admiration.

[Isn't she amazing, Dad?]

She thought, staring at the minor bump that formed on her wrist in response. The bump wriggled faintly in response as Yennda's voice resounded in her mind space, allowing the two to communicate.

[Do you want to do something similar?]

Yennda's voice was soft, treating the conversation as his most cherished memory, plagued by the thought that his daughter would eventually become tired of him. But until that dreaded moment arrived, he wished to be happy and assist her to his utmost capability.

[I don't intend to compete with Gannala, Dad. I just…wish I was a bit more competent.]

11:32

She had just uttered it when a large volume of information, from science to biology to information technology flowed into her mind, stunning her with the tens of thousands of foreign concepts.

Every piece of information that Yendda had read on the internet during his life on Earth was preset vividly in his memory, thanks to unlocking the third phase of Mystic Bone Art. Once unlocked at the Life Stage, it allowed the Mammoth Clansman to treat their body as a Bone Slip, able to remember every piece of information that was a part of their life.

They'll be unable to forget anything after that and will also recall everything that they had forgotten. In Yennda's case, he practically lived on the internet once he had been divorced, surfing through it for most of the day, except for when he slept.

[I…cannot understand anything, Dad!]

Harrala felt overwhelmed by the information, feeling her head spin. The quantity of information was nothing to an Empyrean Tusk like her, but the quality of information was terrifying. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

[I'll teach you, from the basics. From mathematics to physics, I'll teach you everything I know. I may not be as competent as Inala to raise Gannala to the stellar level that she has attained now, but I'll do my utmost to make up for our lost time. In Sumatra, you will inherit my competence in the field of science and engineering. Will you…learn from me?]

Her eyes became moist upon hearing Yennda's words. Finally, she was doing something a daughter could do with her father, which was to learn his craft. 'He's opening up to me!'

[Yes! I'll learn everything, Dad!]

In the meantime, Gannala exited the Spirit Container of the fortieth Empyrean Snapper after giving it a human form, noticing Harrala getting emotional while staring at her wrist. 'Is she talking to Yennda?'

'I'm happy for you, Harrala.' Before she realised, a wide smile had formed on Gannala's face. Harrala's emotional state had rubbed off on her, causing her to shout in high spirits, "Alright! Who's up next?"

"I'll go through everyone in one swing!"



Chapter 709  Gannala’s Empyrean Boar Farm

709  Gannala’s Empyrean Boar Farm

Nature Weapon—Empyrean Boar Transformation!

At the Zahara Kingdom, Gannala had kidnapped a newborn Wean Clansman and turned him into a Nature Weapon. From time to time, she used Dance of Recovery to revert the newborn into human form and nurture him.

Once she returned to the Mammoth Clan, the first thing she did was to approach Maroppa and take advantage of the latter's Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation. Gannala had the perfect item for this already, having obtained it from Ruvva, which was the condition for her release.

Nature Weapon—Astral Weaponiser!

Once Ruvva succeeded in turning a Free Human into a Mystic Human, Gannala used Weaponisation to transform the Mystic Human into a Nature Weapon. And before the year's time was up, she had returned to the Mammoth Clan.

Using the Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation, Maroppa fused Astral Weaponiser into Empyrean Boar Transformation. The resultant was a Nature Weapon containing the Nature of Empyrean Boar Transformation.

There was no change in its name, as its function remained the same. The only difference after Astral Weaponiser had been used on it was the fact that upon activating it, the entity equipped with the Nature Weapon would transform into an Empyrean Boar but wouldn't obtain the Secondary Nature of Voracious Nature that Wean Clansmen got.

Instead, Astral Weaponiser reinforced the transformation aspect, allowing Gannala to change the target into an Empyrean Boar without affecting them in any other way whatsoever.

And as long as she equips it onto a Free Human and activates it, the Free Human would transform into an Empyrean Boar. They'll be stuck in that state once she removes the Nature Weapon.

They'll have all the properties of an Empyrean Boar's body, from the physical capabilities of its physique, to its mental faculties as a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, and Gold Grade Prana. However, this could only be used on Free Humans that don't have a Nature.

Therefore, Spirit Stage Free Humans were her target. Upon transforming them into Empyrean Boars, Gannala will allow them to graze freely until they are fattened up to the limit and their bodies reach maturity.

Following that, she'd consume them to rapidly grow in strength. As the Supreme Tusk's successor, Gannala inherited a decent portion of Brangara's characteristics in being able to accelerate maturity by consuming Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, especially Empyrean Tusks.

And with her history, she could attain a similar result by consuming Empyrean Boars, as that was how her predecessor was created in the first place—by making Brangara consume the hearts of his brethren.

Moreover, the biggest reason Gannala used Astral Weaponiser was to erase the influence of Voracious Nature from Empyrean Boar Transformation. This way, she could transform her Mammoth Clansmen at the Spirit Stage into Empyrean Boars, and make them infiltrate the Varahan Empire.

'When Empyrean Boars slaughter the citizens, it'll shatter the relationship between the Free Humans and Wean Clansmen in the Varahan Empire. A civil war would erupt in their midst.' She thought while observing the Nature Weapon, having left the Cooter Clan territory upon completing her work there.

Both her and Harrala's biomes were filled to the brim with medicines, so they planned to capitalise on that first and return to the Cooter Clan once they had used them all up.

"Don't worry about it," Gannala noticed a concerned stare from Harrala and pocketed the Nature Weapon of Empyrean Boar Transformation, "I won't risk my life."

"Let's head somewhere safe first," Harrala said as the two women flickered alongside the banks of the Red-Draft River and stopped at a grassland where the strongest groups were only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Please promise me that you won't infiltrate the Varahan Empire." Harrala said, her gaze hardening in response, "You had a close call with Brangara already. He'll be prepared to capture you the next time."

"I know," Gannala smiled wryly, "Isn't that why we're strengthening our Mammoth Clansmen?"

The only two Empyrean Tusks left on Sumatra now were Gannala and Harrala. So, they had to reforge a new foundation for the Mammoth Clan, with Gold Grade strength, and hopefully develop them enough so that they could keep up with the forces of the Varahan Empire whose bottom strength began at the Silver Grade.

"I'll be honest, Gannala." Harrala let out a forlorn sigh as she made eye contact, trembling in fear, "I wish to support you, but I'm afraid. I have yet to recover from the Celestial Boar's presence that I felt during the Second Major Disaster." "I know," Gannala hugged Harrala, "Which is why I'm grateful that you're with me. I feel strength when I know you have my back. That's more than enough."

"Leave the shitty stuff to me," Gannala said and patted her Nature Weapon of Empyrean Boar Transformation, "You don't need to stress yourself regarding that."

"But we're similar in age." Harrala frowned, her mood in the dumps, "How can I sit on the sidelines when my sister is risking her life and bloodying her hands?"

Gannala's eyes were strained as she stared at Harrala, not saying anything as she hugged the latter, "Thank you."

"Thank you for deciding to stay behind."

"Yes, I'll always have your back." Harrala nodded as she tightened her hug.

'But, this is my fight. I won't endanger your life.' As she hugged Harrala, her expression hardened as Gannala firmed her mind, 'I'm the one Brangara is after. Maybe if I'm dead, Brangara will finally obtain closure to his hatred. He might no longer chase after Empyrean Tusks after that.'

'No, I'll ensure his burning hatred is entirely concentrated on me. That way, even if I fail and am killed by him, the Mammoth Clan remains unharmed since he'll be satisfied upon slaughtering me.' Her fingers trembled at the thought of having to face Brangara once again, but she put on a brave front to ensure Harrala wouldn't notice her emotional upheavals.

"Let's focus on happy stuff now," Gannala broke free from the hug and forced a chirpy voice out of her, "How's Yahard Tusk now? Has he become a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle?"

"Not yet," Harrala shook her head, "He has the power of the Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles, but they're still in the process of harmonising with each other. It's taking a lot longer than I had thought."

She sighed and commented after a few seconds of silence, "Had it been the Chief, the process would have ended long ago."

She then stared at Gannala, "Orakha would have been even faster. I think he would have barely taken a few hours to become a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle."

"It has been three years and Yahard Tusk is probably not even halfway in the synchronisation process." She muttered with a dejected expression, feeling that her lack of talent was the cause.

Before the First Major Disaster, among their herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks, the Supreme Tusk Gannala was at the last, associated as the 44th Empyrean Tusk. That was not only because she was old, but she had combusted her potential to assume human form upon escaping from the Sandy-Grey Void, and consumed most of her strength to result in the creation of 43 Empyrean Tusks.

Even the strongest of Empyrean Tusks could at most manage to birth two Empyrean Tusks, but the Supreme Tusk alone far exceeded that limit.

Gannala inherited the Supreme Tusk's genetics and hence would have eventually become the 1st Empyrean Tusk even if she only had Internal Inertial Gravity.

However, the case wasn't the same for Harrala. She used to be the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, the weakest of the group. Her rank remained consistent from the start, as all Empyrean Tusks were birthed at similar times, with at most a few years of age difference.

Despite that, due to the irregularity of her genetics, she had begun aging faster than other Empyrean Tusks. And her successor, the current Harrala wouldn't have even been born successfully if not for Grehha. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

And due to the Mammoth Clan's hurry, Grehha only managed to give Harrala enough Empyrean Tusk essence so that she could be birthed successfully. Her potential was still one of the lowest among Empyrean Tusks.

Being a Mystic Path Inheritor didn't improve her standing much, at most making her as competent as an average Empyrean Tusk. Worst of all, the Yellow Mystic Path had the lowest potential among all Mystic Paths.

So even if it gets filled, Harrala had no guarantee of evolving to the Mystic Grade. As a result, she had been depressed throughout her life, similar to her father. And even now, she felt responsible for Yahard Tusk's delay.

'Only after he succeeds can I contribute something to our situation.' She thought in disappointment, shaking her head when Gannala patted her in an effort to console her.

"Let him take his time." Gannala said, "We're not in a hurry. As long as he succeeds, he'll have the power of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Moreover, he'll reach the 8-Life Stage with that power, and that'll easily place him at the top of Sumatra, on par or even surpassing the current Celestial Boar."

"I can only hope he succeeds soon enough that our advantage against Brangara doesn't reduce further," Harrala nodded as the duo walked through the grasslands until they eventually stumbled upon a weak Free Human Kingdom that was almost in ruins.

There were only forty Iron Grade Free Humans at the body stage, with one Life Stage Free Human leading the group. He too only had Iron Grade strength, so the Kingdom was extremely weak. However, their surroundings were equally weak too, so they continued to survive without facing ruin yet.

11:33

"Don't look if it gets hard to bear for you," Gannala said, equipped herself onto the Nature slot of a middle-aged woman—the human form of a Millinger—and entered the Free Human Kingdom. Within an hour, she trapped everyone in bone cages.

The power of Inhibition Dome prevented the Free Humans from resisting her control as she steadily wiped their memories clean, transforming them into a blank slate. Following that, she equipped the Nature Weapon of Empyrean Boar Transformation on the closest target and activated it.

The Spirit Stage Free Human didn't have enough Prana for the transformation, so she had to supply her own, watching the transformation take effect soon after, turning the Free Human into an Empyrean Boar.

The Empyrean Boar had a blank gaze, looking no different from an Empyrean Boar that was three days old. Gannala inspected it and didn't detect any problems. Following that, she placed them all in a large container of bone that Harrala carried as her Spirit Weapon.

With her Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity, the weight she could carry using her Spirit Weapon far surpassed Gannala. Hence, she was in charge of transportation.

"Come, eat this." Gannala captured a group of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts and dragged them to the Empyrean Boar, smiling upon seeing the latter gorge on them instinctively. 'Even with a blank mind, it can still feel hunger. As expected of a pig!'

There was anger and disdain in her expression as she fed the Empyrean Boar, observing its body growing bigger at speeds visible to the naked eye, 'An Empyrean Boar only needs two years to reach maturity.'

Through Astral Weaponiser, Gannala had maximised the physical properties of the Empyrean Boar Transformation, ensuring it closely mimicked the original Pranic Beast and not its Wean Clansman counterpart.

The duo began to rear the rest of the Empyrean Boars, maintaining a farm of fifteen hundred. Gannala intended to replenish their numbers by four daily, which was how much she planned to consume daily.

After two years, she'll have a steady line of mature Empyrean Boars while turning the captured Free Humans into Empyrean Boars, adding four piglets to the farm while consuming four mature ones daily.

'By taking advantage of this farm, even if the growth percentage I attain from the consumption of a single Empyrean Boar is limited, I'll be able to accelerate my growth rapidly.' Gannala thought. An Empyrean Tusk required a century to attain maturity.

She was currently 38 years old and close to hitting the halfway point of her maturity. Based on her calculation, she'll reach the peak of the Body Stage after six years and require around a decade to reach maturity for each successive body.

'In the best-case scenario, I'll be at the 4-Life Stage during the Third Major Disaster.' Gannala thought, letting out a smile in relief, 'At least in terms of growth speed, I'm not lagging too much when compared to Brangara.'





Chapter 710  Wool Weaver Inala

710  Wool Weaver Inala

Petrichor Savannah!

It was a decently large region on Sumatra, somewhat similar to the Sticky-Slip Plateau in terms of size. The vegetation was decent but not enough to satisfy the needs of large group of herbivore Pranic Beasts.

Migration was common across this place, with herds of Pranic Beasts moving about from one part of the region to another every few days. The most prominent group among them consisted of a bawling creature that emanated the scent of fresh milk.

A quadrupedal creature that reached a height of two metres and a length of four metres. Thick, bow-shaped horns formed on its forehead, similar to a mountain goat, powerful enough for it to ram into its target.

Its frontal body was built with closely-packed clusters of muscles, enabling swift acceleration in the forward direction. The rear body muscles though weren't the same, resulting in its weakness of being unable to take backsteps.

It had two sets of hooves that could retract and emerge from the bottom of its limb. The first set was similar to the hooves of a mountain goat that allowed it to move about on hard surfaces, especially rocky hillscapes that it fled towards at the sight of a predator.

The second set of hooves was soft, resembling that of a feline, allowing it to sprint across the savannah for short distances at top speed to flee from a predator. The thick scent of milk it released registered it as a newborn in the senses of external parties.

Even if the external party could see that they were grown adults, the scent would make them subconsciously let their guard down and consider these Pranic Beasts weaker than they were. That provided them plenty of chances to escape from their predators.

Advanced Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Balghat!

With a Prana capacity of 740 and a lifespan of 60 years, a Balghat wasn't powerful in the grand scheme of things. Even in the Petrichor Savannah where it primarily lived, this race was labelled a prey.

Balghats only had a single eye on its forehead, lodged in the centre of its bow-shaped horns, protected by a thick layer of keratin that surrounds it like walls. This, while protecting its eye, also limits its vision.

Balghats had a tunnel vision, which prompted them to move about as a herd. Otherwise, they had too many blind spots to be targeted by predators.

Currently running about along the edges of the Petrichor Savannah was a herd that numbered close to four hundred. It was one of the smaller herds, releasing a dense scent of milk while occupying a rocky hill as their territory for the few days they planned to stay there.

With the rocky hill as their base, they moved about in the region, primarily consuming the leaves of the shrubs and trees that grew nearby.

They moved about in a circular formation, with all Balghats facing outwards to minimise their blind spots as much as possible. One of the Balghats approached a tree and rammed into it, collapsing it after a few consecutive rams. As the tree collapsed with a thud, it approached its foliage and began to munch on its leaves.

A Balghat could leap up to a height of fourteen metres, but the action strained its muscles. It only resorted to it while fleeing from a predator.

While grazing, if a Balghat comes across a large tree, it would jump once and ram into a branch with enough leaves for its consumption. If there were no such branches, it would ram into the trunk of the tree and collapse it.

As the quantity of leaves on this particular tree were limited, the Balghat felled it, beginning to consume the foliage soon after. But while it was in the middle of its eating session, it heard bleats from its brethren, promptly leaping high into the air to watch a humanoid figure rush past its prior location.

It landed a couple metres behind the humanoid figure and assumed a battle-ready position. The humanoid figure was a head shorter than it, appearing thin. It had never seen such a creature before this either.

However, the fact that such a thin-looking creature targeted it meant that it was a predator, though seemingly lacking the necessary muscle mass to threaten the Balghats.

Even among Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, Balghats were inferior in intelligence. So, it acted on its instinct and performed the same action that it did always when confronted by an enemy.

The greyish-brown layer of wool growing on its body expanded in response, separating from its body like a wave that latched onto the target at rapid speeds. It acted as a net and latched onto the target, constricting them in the fraction of a second.

The Balghat was bare now, having lost the wool it had been growing all along. It took a moment to glare at the predator that had been wrapped into a mummy and huffed once, spiking the intensity of the milk sent it released.

It dug its hooves into the ground and rushed forward, ramming into the wrapped target. Bone crunching sounds resounded in response as the wrapped target slammed into the trunk of a tree farther away.

Immediately in response, a second Balghat rammed into it, crushing even more bones. It stopped and struggled a bit, barely angling its body to the side to walk away, making enough room for a third Balghat to ram into the target.

By the third time, the wrapped figure had been crushed completely, leaking blood through the wool that had soaked the same. Once the predator had been neutralised, the Balghats resumed their eating process.

Primary Nature—Wool Expansion!

When threatened, the Balghat would launch the layer of wool covering it like a net that would capture and constrict its target, giving it the opportunity to ram into the captured foe.

Balghats were able to accelerate only on a straight line. They were horrible at making turns, taking significant time to do so, not to mention being unable to walk backward. Hence, their Primary Nature worked perfectly for their needs.

If the predator was weak enough, the Balghats would ram into it enough times until the bones in its body were crushed into a pulp. But if the predator was too strong, they'd flee after unleashing their Primary Nature onto the target.

The herd of Balghats would climb upon the closest rocky hill to remain in safety. All the predators in Petrichor Savannah were flatland types, unable to climb rocky surfaces. As a result, the rocky hills served as a safe zone for Balghats to survive.

However, no trees grew on these rocky hills and even if they grew, they were too scarce, which forced the Balghats to descend down and expose themselves to danger.

The wool they launched would coil upon itself through individual strands to instantly tighten their hold over their target. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Breaking out of it took time for the predators living in the Petrichor Savannah. Their best-case scenario would be to evade Wool Expansion on time and resume their hunt. But once they were caught, their lives were under the hands of the Balghats.

Since they had taken care of the only predator in the region, the Balghats continued to eat. One of them opened its mouth and chomped upon a large number of leaves, for a moment feeling that something was wrong, as the taste of the leaves seemed different from usual.

It didn't notice the thick blood bursting out of the leaves as its teeth munched on them. The blood flowed down its throat and suddenly expanded, blocking its windpipe.

The Balghat let out a soft bleat and collapsed to the ground, suffocated. A couple minutes later, its body began to twitch, dying soon after. The Balghats were confused as to what had happened there, unable to figure out the cause.

They observed a faint stream of blood leaking out of the dead Balghat's mouth, but that was it. there didn't seem to be anything else that was amiss. But right at that moment, a second humanoid figure rushed at them from a farther location.

11:34

One of the Balghats evaded the humanoid figure's lunge by jumping high up in the air and unleashed Wool Expansion. Once the humanoid was trapped in the layer of wool, the Balghats rammed into the target, taking turns until it was presumed dead.

There was no more danger following that. One of their brethren had died to mysterious causes, but other than that, everything else was fine. Hence, once they had their fill, they returned to their home, leaving the corpse of their fallen behind.

They had no tradition to care about their fallen, but instead left it behind to fill the stomachs of the predators. This way, they won't be targeted by the satiated predators. This was the logic with which the Balghats operated.

Once the herd left the place, two humanoid figures crawled towards the corpse, their eyes red, their teeth dripping saliva, and their bodies covered by mud as a form of camouflage. They were none other than the duo of Inala and Virala.

"Finally, some good stuff." Inala said as he approached the beaten-up humanoid figure and touched the wool constricting it. He began to tug the strings, gradually opening up an entrance. He widened the gap and pulled out the mashed corpse inside, addressing Virala, "Here's your puppet."

"It is damaged pretty badly."

"Shit!" Virala grumbled as he observed the corpse which resembled him. He had created it using his body parts after all. By taking off an arm, he supplied it with Prana until it began to regenerate the rest of the body.

It was a painstaking process, consuming a lot of Prana, but the result was a Spirit Weapon that he could expertly control like a puppet. After all, Virala was controlling his own body, one detached from himself.

"How much Prana do you think will it take to heal it?" Inala asked as he shot a glance at Virala.

"At least around two hundred." Virala sighed as he stared at the corpse of the Balghat, "We'll barely be able to replenish ourselves after the expenditure."

"That's pretty good then," Inala said and began to trail his hands across the wool, soon pulling out a long string. He grinned as he began to form a roll using the extracted string, "Once the Balghat unleashes Wool Expansion, its layer of wool takes the form of strings to better constrict its target. And that makes it easy to gather a roll of thread that is uniformly long and unbroken."

As the puppet controlled by Virala didn't resist and was quickly rammed to death, the wool barely sustained any damage. In an hour, Inala had two large rolls of wool beside him, stating happily, "I'll weave a strong suit for the both of us through this."

"Thank you," Virala said as he worked on recovering his two crushed puppets, "I'll scout out the place until then."

"Sounds like a plan," Inala nodded and asked, "So, which Pranic Beast are we targeting next?"

"Let's gather as much wool as possible." Virala said and pointed at a direction, "There's a nomadic Free Human Kingdom in Petrichor Savannah. They have recently aligned themselves with the Varahan Empire."

"We'll enter them as merchants selling intricately crafted wool clothes." He said and stared at the speed Inala's hands danced in awe, "Yeah, no one else can exceed your craftmanship."

"So, we'll be making bank."





