Chapter 561 Please, Dad. Return!

﻿﻿"Does the Mammoth Clan intend to become my enemy?" Inala's words thundered across the minds of all Empyrean Tusks, alarming them to the extreme.

They were already in a state of despair due to the emergence of the Celestial Boar. If they had to add the Royal Zinger atop that, then forget trying to survive. They could give up on life right then and there, no need to bother resisting death.

"Dad!" Gannala shouted, "Stop it!"

"Okay," Inala retracted his presence that was in the process of growing to the Gold Grade. Once he calmed down, the two Biome Bombs—slung at his hips—shrunk themselves to the size of his thumb, retracting their presence too. In that short instant, he was ready to attack Raaha.

Inala eyed Raaha, following his gaze to the location where the latter was grabbing him. He maintained eye contact for a couple of seconds until Raaha gave in and retracted his hand.

"You needn't fear me. I'm not the Mammoth Clan's enemy." Inala observed a nervous Vhalla and revealed his empty hands, "I wouldn't have arrived here after suppressing myself to the Silver Grade if I considered you all as my enemies."

"It hasn't been long since we saw each other, but I can no longer recognise you." Vhalla stared at Inala and asked hesitantly, "Are you still Inala?"

"Yes," Inala nodded and pointed at himself, "The difference you're sensing originates from two things. First, I've inherited and fused with the Brimgan Founder's accumulations. So, his thought process is currently making me seem alien to you. Second, I'm drunk on power now."

He was telling the truth. The Brimgan Founder's accumulations of a lifetime, from his memories, feelings, disposition, character, etc. had all become a part of Inala. So, they were indeed affecting his state of being.

But this disjointed state wouldn't persist for long. They'll eventually align themselves according to Inala's character and disposition. Once that happens, he'd return to his original state of being, but one armed with the Brimgan Founder's capabilities.

It would take a few years for the assimilation to be completed if he remained a Silver Grade Royal Zinger. But a few days would be enough as a Mystic Grade Royal Zinger.

The only difference is the fact that his relationship with the Mammoth Clan had to be forged anew. Basically, Inala was no longer a Mammoth Clansman. So, he was no longer being influenced like a Mammoth Clansman.

Unlike his past self, Gannala was his daughter, nothing more, nothing less. She was still the most important individual in his life but things stopped there. Inala was no longer obsessed with Gannala's safety.

As a father, he would do his fatherly duties for her betterment, care for her, and nurture her, but he wouldn't sacrifice his everything for her benefit. Even if he wanted to do so, it would be a conscious decision.

Before, that decision was subconscious. Before he could even think of it, Inala considered things from a perspective that benefited Gannala first. It was a common sense that had been built in him due to his state as a Mammoth Clansman.

Currently, Inala had enough Prana and Lifespan in his second Biome Bomb—obtained from his actions at the Lotus Range—to become a Gold Grade Royal Zinger. Therefore, once he elevates himself to a Beginner Gold Grade Royal Zinger, he'd be able to assimilate the Brimgan Founder's accumulations in a month or two.

And during this assimilation process, he planned to live with the Mammoth Clan, to forge new bonds, so that he would care about them.

It was apparent once he began to self-reflect, understanding that he was treating the Empyrean Tusks at a level a tad better than strangers. Hence, he wanted to become close with the Mammoth Clan, for both Gannala and Asaeya were a part of it.

As for Inala's second reason, it was a valid concern. The current Inala, after enough accumulations, could become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. In that state, he felt invincible. The base processing capabilities of his brain were no different from taking a bath in a pool of High-Grade Elixirs.

Stuff that Inala would have to ponder for hours before was processed in a matter of seconds in his Mystic Grade form. And he wasn't even hitting the limit of his mental capacity at that. Heck, he wasn't even sure if it was possible to fully harness the entirety of his mental capabilities, for a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's mind was just that superior.

A mere presence from him could stop or unleash a Major Disaster. And he himself was a walking, talking First Major Disaster. A thought from him could decide the fate of countless Kingdoms and Pranic Beast territories.

No matter how much he tried to remain humble, Inala was still getting drunk on power. It was why the moment his purpose was completed at the Lotus Range, he left the place and used up the remainder of his Prana quota to revert to Silver Grade strength.

It would take a lot of time for Inala to adjust himself physically, mentally, and emotionally and stay humble. For that to happen, he would have to ground himself to reality. Being with his family was the surest solution to it.

Hence, he had approached the Mammoth Clan, despite there being other pressing things to do. If Inala doesn't do this, he himself would become a danger, possibly even to the Mammoth Clan in the future.

His natural state as a Royal Zinger was to rule and make the Zinger Race prosperous. The moment he embarks on that journey, he becomes his own self, with his focus being solely on the improvement of his race.

"You understand now?" Inala smiled, having transmitted the content to everyone at the same time in the same process the Biome Bomb communicated with Resha. As he emitted Prana fluctuations, all the Mammoth Clansmen felt information appear in their mind space through their respective Mystic Bone Arts.

"Whether or not you wish to be an ally is entirely dependent on you." He stared at Gannala and Asaeya, "I only care about these two. It was the same even when I was a Mammoth Clansman. But back then, I also thought of the well-being of the Mammoth Clan as I was a part of your group. But now, I could care less about your fate."

"So," He eyed the Empyrean Tusks, "Give me a reason to care about the Mammoth Clan."

"That…" Vhalla fell silent, contemplating Inala's words, thinking of how the Mammoth Clan could have a relationship with Inala. There wasn't anything in terms of resources that they could use to forge a trade relationship, since they didn't even know what Inala wanted.

But even if they did, a trade relationship was merely an exchange of benefits. It wasn't enough to bring a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to their side. Other forms of relationship too weren't strong enough. Thankfully, they had a familial relationship.

Irrespective of Inala's current identity, it was a fact that he was born and grew up as a Mammoth Clansman. The woman he loved was a Mammoth Clansman and even his child was the same. So, there was enough reason for Inala to be allied with the Mammoth Clan.

In a matter of seconds, all Empyrean Tusks arrived at this conclusion, staring at the figures of Gannala and Asaeya who stood side by side, facing Inala.

"A reason to care?" Asaeya chuckled in rage as she stared at Inala, "You need a reason, fucking bastard?"

"Did you forget everything? Or have you lost all semblance of humanity after becoming a Pranic Beast?"

"If I…stop addressing you as my Dad, will you be hurt?" Gannala stared at Inala, tearing up in response to his lackadaisical reaction. She wiped her tears and stared at him coldly, "You have your answer."

"The Mammoth Clan doesn't need you, Inala."

"I understand, you've made your stance clear." Inala nodded and began to walk away, "It seems I've wasted my time with this trip."

"Though, I'll say this." He turned around to face Gannala, "If your life's ever at risk, call for me. I'll be there to rescue you."

"That's the least I can do for you."

"That won't be necessary. The Mammoth Clan will be leaving Sumatra soon." Gannala bit her lips as she stared at the familiar silhouette of her father, but one whose character and disposition wasn't in the least familiar, "You can see yourself out now."

"Alright, no need to be rude about that." Inala nodded and disappeared into the forest. A few seconds later, his figure had taken flight and was flying towards the Brimgan Empire. A second later, his voice resounded, "Though, I'll advise against leaving Sumatra. The situation outside doesn't seem safe. Don't decide without contacting Mahira Tusk first."

Thud!

Gannala collapsed to the ground and shed tears, in anger, "You…

were right, Asaeya."

"That's not my father!"

"I'm sorry," Asaeya kneeled beside her and embraced Gannala, "I didn't realise it in advance."

"I'm not blaming you," Gannala punched the ground in regret, "Even after reading his memories, I still failed to see through his scheme. You didn't even know as much as I did, so how can I hold you accountable?"

"I'm just…sad!" She screamed, "My dad…bring him back, please."

"I'll remain myself and won't transform into an Empyrean Tusk. So, please, Asaeya." She stared at Asaeya, trembling as she cried, "Do something to bring him back!"



Chapter 562 Changing Brangara’s Hatred List

﻿﻿"What's your thought on this?" Raaha asked Vhalla as he observed a crying figure of Gannala being consoled by Asaeya, whose mental state wasn't any better.

"Had Gannala asked for Inala to stay, he would have obliged. We could have obtained the protection of the Royal Zinger. But, that would only be torture to Gannala." Vhalla sighed, partly irritated, but mostly frustrated, "As Inala had explained, his behaviour currently is dominated by the Brimgan Founder's disposition. His eyes were that of a human supremacist. Having her father look at her with such a gaze is torturous."

"I want to respect her decision. It hasn't been easy for her either." Vhalla stared at Gannala in pity, "She has been denied her birthright. Her dad changed from her closest individual to a stranger overnight, so it's hard for her to accept it. Her omniscient perspective has already progressed to a good extent, but this incident has affected her badly despite that."

"Had she been any younger, she wouldn't have been able to bear this." Vhalla felt anger the more she spoke, "Inala did her dirty."

"Worst of all, he has a solid point too. Had he not become a Royal Zinger, he wouldn't have remained sane enough to face Brangara." She analysed, "Gannala knows this too. That's why she's heartbroken. Because if not for this messed up situation with Brangara, Inala wouldn't have felt pressured to become the Royal Zinger."

"We have denied a relationship with Inala." Rhanalla asked Vhalla, "Does this make him our enemy?"

"No," Vhalla shook her head, "On the contrary, the Royal Zinger will remain our ally."

"What do you mean?" Asaeya stared at Vhalla in confusion, "How will he remain our ally?"

"What do you think is Inala's purpose?" Vhalla addressed everyone at the scene, "He became the Royal Zinger to kill Brangara. In all our history, Sumatra has always been ruled by a single Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. But now, there are two of them. So, whether they like it or not, the two of them will be enemies. Even though Sumatra continent is incomprehensibly massive, we're situated in a corner of it."

"The Celestial Boar's home is the Varahan Enclave while the Royal Zinger's home is the Dieng Canyon." She concluded, "Two pinnacle existences living close by, do I need to say more?"

"They'll do everything in their power to kill each other. So in that aspect, Inala is indeed our ally. Moreover," She stared at Gannala, "He's a changed man now, but the fact of the matter is that you're his daughter. That can never be changed."

"So, irrespective of how your relationship worsens, if you're in danger, he'll come to your rescue." Saying so, she pointed at a thumb-sized Biome Bomb on the ground, "He might not emotionally be involved with you any longer, but he'll continue to logically help you."

"This is…" Gannala stared down and observed the Biome Bomb, realising that when Inala was conversing with everyone, he dropped one of the two Biome Bombs in his possession.

Though hesitant, Gannala extended her hand towards it, watching the Biome Bomb sprout eight strings of Prana to run across her hand like a living creature and stop at her neck. The strings of Prana joined with each other after coiling around her neck, appearing no different from a necklace.

"What…is going in his mind?" She was unable to figure it out. But seeing the necklace gave her strength as she got up and stared at Raaha, having gathered her bearings, "Let's depart from Sumatra, Chief."

"Have you contacted the Mammoth Ancestor?" She asked next, "Inala wouldn't have told us to do so without reason."

"I need some time for that." Raaha nodded and stared at the Transcendent World with an ivory surface, "There's no guessing when she'll reply."

"But staying here is dangerous." He said next and announced to everyone, "We'll continue to head towards the border while making preparations."

"It's for the best you stay in the biome of your Empyrean Tusk." Raaha commanded Asaeya. But a moment later, he looked around in shock, "Where's Harrala?"

Flying high in the sky was Inala, his expression mellow as compared to before. Him behaving like he didn't care about Gannala and Asaeya was partially an act.

The Brimgan Founder's accumulations indeed affected him tremendously, so everything he expressed towards the Mammoth Clan wasn't a lie. But at the end of the day, he was still Inala. He retained his core values, despite the influences.

After all, through the Sumatra Gold Skeleton, Inala turned his core values into a fixed, nonchanging fact. Therefore, he still cared about Gannala and Asaeya.

The reason he acted cold towards them was to push them away from him. After all, he didn't want Brangara to use them as hostages against him.

Resha had used that against Brangara. This meant that the latter would no longer care about the methods he used for retaliation. Forget his pride as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Brangara would go for the low blow from the get-go.

From now on, Inala would be readily targeting the Wean Clan. Hence, he wanted to prevent Gannala and Asaeya from being a target of Yarsha Zahara's schemes.

Even if Yarsha Zahara finds some method to infiltrate the Mammoth Clan, all she would find is that the Royal Zinger doesn't care about them. The only bond they had was the fact that Gannala was his daughter.

He didn't care about her. But, if her life was at risk, he would take action. When Yarsha Zahara finds this information, she would hesitate to target Gannala, for that would mean unnecessarily facing a full-blown war with the Quip Clan alongside the fleeing Mammoth Clan.

Honestly, his detachment from the Mammoth Clan might not help them much in the long run, but it was better to be safe than sorry.

For the time being, Inala would occupy the entirety of Brangara's focus as a fellow Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. During that time, he would try to find a way in which he could transform Gannala and Asaeya into being part of the Zinger Race.

As the Royal Zinger, he would have plenty of methods to protect them once that happened. Changing one's race wasn't impossible. As long as the necessary conditions were satisfied, it was possible.

The accumulations necessary for it would be ginormous, probably outweighing the entire arsenal of resources in the Mammoth Clan's possession. But the possibility existed. After all, Inala was already able to do it for someone.

Wittral!

As Wittral currently possessed Inala's heart, preparations were already underway. The moment Inala produces a piece of Sumatra Gold in his heart, he could use that to fundamentally transform Wittral into a Zinger equivalent.

He was already aware of everything necessary to complete this. Hence, Inala was deep in thought, thinking of what he wanted to do next.

"Wait!" A voice resounded from below as Inala looked down and observed the figure of Harrala flicker across the trees to keep pace with him.

"What happened?" Inala landed on the ground and watched Harrala arrive at a stop before him.

"Uncle, please save my dad!" Harrala pleaded, not missing a beat, "I can only request this of you. Please!"

"I'm ready to pay any price!" She kneeled on the ground, planning to keep begging until her request was accepted. "He has been captured by Yarsha Zahara."

"Tell me more." Inala coiled a string of Prana to form a chair and motioned for Harrala to take a seat, "Do you want some tea?"

"Eh? Tea?" Harrala was surprised by the change in his behaviour, feeling that the Inala before her was somewhat familiar. Though not as familiar as before, he was around ten percent familiar, which was a lot better than the alien self he displayed to the Mammoth Clan, "Uncle, was everything you said before an…act?"

"Nope, only a small portion was an act," Inala patted her on the head casually, "Don't worry too much and grow well, alright? Leave the problems to the adults."

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

Prana flowed out of his body to erect a dome that was transparent in nature. It could only be detected by one's Prana detection means. All one would feel is a mild prickle. If they weren't alert enough, they wouldn't notice that they were stepping into a region that was under Inala's absolute control.

Even their bodies, Prana, and memories weren't an exception. Inala would be able to control them all. Depending on their strength, they could resist the effects. But yes, all they could do was resist.

Inala found a suitable tree and plucked its leaves. The leaves were ground into a paste, their extracts heated up and condensed into a stream of fluid through the moisture in the air. Inala performed everything through his Secondary Nature, brewing tea in less than ten seconds.

A piece of wood—moulded into a cup—carried the tea and flew towards Harrala, "Drink up. It'll help you relax."

Technically, he could access Harrala's memories, since she was in his Spirit Weapon range. But the process would hurt her, since he was currently a Silver Grade Royal Zinger, so Inala refrained from doing so. Instead, he took a seat on a stool made from coiling his Prana string and faced Harrala, "Explain everything to me."

"Yes," Harrala felt relaxed as she drank the tea and began to speak everything she knew.

"Dammit," Inala cursed at the end, "Not just Yennda, but Grehha too is in her possession?"

'The Mammoth Clan's defensive means using the Bone Vipers would be leaked to her, including information related to what I had given the Mammoth Clan.' His expression became serious as Inala stared at Harrala, "Has Orakha returned?"

"No," Harrala shook her head.

"Currently, Gannala has Virala's child?" Inala concealed his shock, "And she was birthed by Yarsha Zahara?"

"Yes, he named her Ruvva." Harrala said, "Gannala was pretty shocked to find her. She's currently using a brainwashed body of Virala to take care of Ruvva in her stomach biome."

"Yes, he doesn't have a Spirit Container." Harrala said in a hurry, "She didn't give it to him after you extracted it."

"Alright, leave it to me." Inala got up and motioned Harrala to return to the Mammoth Clan, "I'll rescue Yennda and Grehha."

"Thank you, uncle!" Harrala expressed her relief and got up, intending to return when she stopped and stared at Inala hesitantly, "Can I…continue calling you uncle?"

"You have every right to." Inala waved his hand, "But don't reveal anything about our conversation to the others."

"Gannala was crying." Harrala said, "She was heartbroken."

"I know," Inala said and stared at the sky, "But you see, she's Brangara's number one target, even after what Resha did to his children. The hatred Brangara feels towards Gannala is pretty much part of his genetic makeup now."

"If Gannala continues to express care towards me, she'll be tortured while used as a hostage against me."

"So, I'm merely doing my duty as a father to protect her. If Gannala truly behaves in a way that depicts that she doesn't have her father's support, then it'll make Yarsha Zahara drop her guard while scheming, even if for a moment." He smiled wryly, "It's a necessity for what I'm about to do next."

His smile widened subtly, "I'm going to change Brangara's hatred ranking. Eventually, Gannala won't even be top ten on the list."

"How…are you going to do that?" Harrala asked, regretting it immediately upon seeing Inala's cold-hearted smile.

"How else," Inala waved his hand and took flight, "I'm going to fill up the list."



Chapter 563 Charm of a Prince Charming

﻿﻿'Is the Hidden Eye still unable to return?' Inala thought while in flight, using his Secondary Nature to manipulate the surrounding air to generate lift on his being, using it to accelerate.

Hidden Eye; was the name of the mysterious eye that prevented all beings on Sumatra from being able to fly. Inala learnt of its name through the Brimgan Founder's memories. And as he slowly digested the information, he realised why it erased all means of flight.

It was to protect Sumatra from harm!

Sumatra Continent could be considered an island floating on a sea of grey sand. Its borders were occupied by the Sandy-Grey Void, making departure from the continent impossible.

However, it was situated at the bottom of a tunnel in the Sandbox Universe. Its actual name was unknown, but the Brimgan Founder called the sphere of grey sand containing all the Continents and the Transcendent Worlds the Sandbox Universe.

The existence of this tunnel meant that as long as someone could fly, they could theoretically leave Sumatra Continent and journey through this tunnel without having to face the Sandy-Grey Void. Light and sound existed in this tunnel, since it wasn't occupied by the grey sand.

Therefore, travel through the tunnel was possible. One could reach the Transcendent Worlds in this manner. But this was where the problem originated from.

Cosmic Beings!

They were eldritch in nature, capable of corrupting every single existence that dared see them. These Cosmic Beings came from outside the Sandbox Universe, primarily intending to consume the Continents.

Only the Transcendents could face them. To face a single Cosmic Being required efforts from hundreds of Transcendents. Even a Mystic Transcendent couldn't face a Cosmic Being singlehandedly.

If a creature from Sumatra becomes capable of flight, it isn't entirely an issue. After all, there exists a barrier around Sumatra, protecting the beings within from the influence of Cosmic Beings.

The range of this barrier was related to the Spirit Weapon range, after all, Sumatra Continent was the corpse of a Transcendent Mystic Tentacle who became bored with life and ended up dying.

As long as one was within Sumatra Continent's Spirit Weapon range, they'd be safe. This information wasn't known to the inhabitants. Even the Transcendents were generally clueless about it.

Maroppa claimed that the Sandy-Grey Void would become tremendously dangerous once they head deep in based on the Mudropper Race's inheritance. This was something they had confirmed personally, though not knowing the cause.

If they venture deep into the Sandy-Grey Void, there would come a point where they would cross the Spirit Weapon range of Sumatra. Following that, they would no longer be protected by Sumatra.

This meant that the influences of the Cosmic Beings could affect them, causing their emotions to spiral out of control and grip them with madness. Their bodies might mutate, they would transform into grotesque existence, etc.

Honestly, they were travelling within the tunnel. Since the Transcendent Worlds hover in the nodes between the tunnels, the influence of the Cosmic Beings wouldn't leak in much. It all depended on one's luck.

If any Continent at the end of the various tunnels connected to the node has a Major Treasure revealing itself, a Cosmic Being would enter. Leaving the continent in this time period would be the worst.

At least, if a creature is affected in the Sandy-Grey Void, they wouldn't be able to survive, since the grey sand would consume them eventually. So, it was never an issue there. Once someone became maddened, they wouldn't be able to return to the continent, since travelling through the Sandy-Grey Void wasn't easy. The slightest mistake could kill them.

But there were no risks with flying, since they were merely flying through the tunnel. And once they get affected, they'd no longer be sane enough to continue flying. Due to the gravitational pull of Sumatra, they'd fall to the continent.

This would be the start of a series of disasters. The Cosmic Being's influence would corrupt the creatures of Sumatra, spreading around like a disease.

Without a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to defend the continent, the disease would spread uncontrollably until it engulfs the entire continent.

The Continents could be considered dead Mystic Transcendents. But in truth, only their sense of individuality had shattered. They still had Prana, which could act as their mind. Hence, once they get corrupted, the Continent itself would become an entity subservient to the Cosmic Being.

To prevent this disaster, all the Continents would actively pursue the creation of an Influenced Region that could restrict flight.

Hidden Eye was Sumatra Continent's equivalent of this effort to restrict flight. And until the day it finished forming, the Mystic Tentacles of every era were damn busy, trying to kill every single Pranic Beast that evolved to grow wings of other means of flight.

Life in Sumatra was the most dangerous back in those days.

As he flew, Inala became concerned, 'At present, I can fly, Resha can fly, Wittral can fly in human form, and every single Brimgan Royal with a decent stack of bodies could fly too.'

"If Hidden Eye doesn't return, things might take a turn for the worst." He muttered as he flew towards the Brimgan Empire, "First, I need to solidify the status of my staunchest ally."

As he flew, Inala soon spotted the female figure of Wittral walking along the wilds thirty kilometres away from the ruins of the Attributed Region, slow in his steps. He scanned the region and noticed Geugeu seated on a mountain five kilometres away.

Geugeu was gazing at the horizon where a large dust cloud was moving towards the Brimgan Empire. It was the group of Empyrean Snappers who were en route to the Empire.

The fact that Geugeu hadn't asked them to retreat meant that he had a plan of some kind, which was why he was patiently waiting atop the mountain and watched the group of Empyrean Snappers get closer over time.

It seemed Wittral was absolutely confused by Inala's actions in the centre of the Attributed Region, feeling betrayed and abandoned. Hence, in his state of confusion, he began to approach Geugeu.

'That won't be necessary.' Inala had no plans to allow Wittral to return to the Mammoth Clan, especially after the lengths he went to strengthen the latter. Even without maturing, Wittral was one of the strongest powerhouses in Sumatra.

Best of all, Inala could transform Wittral into a Gold Grade Zinger variant and strengthen the latter further. In order to ensure the continued growth of the Quip Clan, Wittral was an absolute necessity.

Currently, there are three Gold Grade Zinger variants, with each having strategic strength. Wittral would become the fourth variant.

Having four Gold Grade variants in a single race was unheard of. The Zinger Race was the only one with such a power. Their growth potential was the highest in Sumatra.

At present, the Wean Clan has better prospects due to their growth speed and Mystic Grade cultivation technique, but once Inala finishes his cultivation technique, his Quip Clan will be slightly superior to the Wean Clan.

Inala obtained an incomplete version of Mystic Sumatra Art through the memories of Brangara's children. So, he knew the Wean Clan's potential.

The Cooter Clan had already birthed a Supreme Snapper. So, it was just a matter of time before all Empyrean Snappers aligned themselves behind the lead of the Supreme Snapper.

If Wittral were to return to the Cooter Clan now, considering his three powerful Natures, he'd be superior to the Supreme Snapper. The Supreme Snapper could enter the Mystic Grade while Wittral had enough strength to fight against a Mystic Grade creature despite being a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

His arrival would fracture the Cooter Clan into two camps, which wasn't good for their growth. They were generally apprehensive about facing Brangara, irrespective of the damage they faced. Inala planned to continue triggering them until they targeted the Wean Clan without reservations.

There were too many logical reasons to ensure Wittral doesn't return to the Cooter Clan. Moreover, there were emotional reasons too.

In the time they spent living together, Amita had developed feelings for Wittral. Though it was nothing compared to how hard Wittral fell for her, her emotions were genuine too.

At present, Wittral was a female. And thanks to the effects of Mystic Royalty, the emotions of Inala's female form were conveniently converted to his male form. This was a seamless conversion that allowed Inala to live in his two genders without collapsing mentally.

All the emotions, feelings, etc. gained in a form would be converted into their equivalent for the other form. This way, Inala would be able to operate in the same way through both genders.

One of the conditions to become a Royal Zinger was to surpass gender restrictions. As a result, Inala had no mental restrictions as compared to his Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan selves.

"Wittral!" Followed by a shout, Inala retracted his wings and landed before Wittral, "There you are."

"Amita…" Wittral stopped speaking upon seeing Inala in his male form.

"Does this make it easier for you?" Inala turned into a female and approached Wittral, observing the latter's face evidently blush in response.

"Don't come closer!" Wittral screamed shrilly, "Do you think you could continue to manipulate me forever? I know everything now, the truth!"

"I won't be fooled by you any longer!"

"You think I wouldn't have picked up on clues and inconsistencies after we've been together for so long?"

"Heh! You've underestimated me too much. I'm telling you, I'm too smart for you to take on."

"Don't tell me you expected me to treat you as before…" Wittral continued to argue, not even realising that he had jumped into Inala's embrace and was now piggybacking on the latter.

'I had thought of many things to say, but this was beyond my expectations.' Inala was speechless as he began to walk through the forest, hearing Wittral's arguments blazing off right next to his ear. Wittral spoke as if he was against Inala while continuing to tighten his hold on the latter.

'I remember reading this a statement about this on Earth.' Inala adjusted Wittral's position on his back better as he picked up pace, 'If a woman loves you enough, she'll delude herself into thinking you're her prince charming.'



Chapter 564 Tying Up Loose Ends

﻿﻿"This is a secluded enough location." Inala said and dropped Wittral, observing the latter's discontent face about being dropped off as he continued, "I'll fill you in on everything that has happened and clear up your misunderstanding."

"Nothing you say will ever change my mind." Wittral gritted his teeth, blaming himself internally because he was feeling happy at Inala's consideration towards himself.

"When my male form went away, using Inala's identity, I sneaked into the Mammoth Clan. Then, I found out Loot's true identity." Inala said, watching Wittral's shocked expression. Upon seeing that the latter observed him with complete attentiveness, he continued, "His actual name is Virala, a Mammoth Clansman born with a Mystic Path."

"Mystic Path? What's that?" Wittral expressed his confusion.

"I'll start from the beginning." Inala sighed and spoke of the events from two millennia ago, going into detail about the Mammoth Clan's actions that resulted in the birth of the Boar King, "When Renduldu and the Mammoth Clan Chief, Undrakha were in the process of becoming a Transcendent, Brangara drew in a Bolt of Transcendence and became the Boar King."

"During his eventual conflict with the Mammoth Clan, the Supreme Tusk went missing."

"Supreme Tusk?" Wittral's eyes widened in shock, "Doesn't it sound just like…"

"Your brother, Wally." Inala confirmed Wittral's suspicions, "Using Brangara's speciality under Renduldu's instructions, the Mammoth Clan managed to birth the Supreme Tusk earlier than the Cooter Clan."

Inala then spoke about the Supreme Tusk Gannala's sufferings, watching Wittral tear up as he went into greater detail. As he concluded that story, Wittral was bawling like a baby, "When her beloved died, she assumed her Empyrean Tusk form, for final this time."

"She crippled her path to the Mystic Grade in the process. Hence, the Supreme Tusk Gannala focused on transforming her accumulations to create as many possible paths to the Mystic Grade as possible. They are the Mystic Paths." Inala said, "She created seven of them in total, naming them according to the colours of a rainbow."

"Inala was the Indigo Mystic Path while Virala is the Violet Mystic Path." Inala said, "The Mystic Path's child will grow up and accumulate her parent's life experiences. And once her Mystic Path is full, she'll enter the Mystic Grade."

"So, the child is the one who'll enter the Mystic Grade, and not the parent?" Wittral wiped his tears and asked.

"Yes," Inala nodded, "To avoid the Boar King, an Empyrean Tusk sent Inala flying with Gannala and Asaeya. The place they landed at was the Sanrey Plains."

"I see," Wittral nodded, "So that was when you found them."

"Yup, and it seems Virala was right there too." Inala continued, "He latched onto the Prana Bomb and made his way to the Sanrey Plains. These seven Mystic Paths compete for valuable resources, especially the Major Treasures."

"They knew about the appearance of the Attribute?" Wittral asked in shock.

"Not just this, but they know when and where three more Major Treasures will appear. I was stunned when I learnt of this information." Inala sighed, "As they're all competing for the same Major Treasures, they're enemies."

"Virala took advantage of the situation at play to target Inala. That was when I inherited his powers and his appearance through the Mudropper's power."

"Seven Mystic Paths?" Wittral frowned, "If they're competing for the Major Treasures, how come I never saw them?"

"What do you mean?" Inala controlled his shock and partial fear as he uttered, "You've seen them before."

"What?" Wittral was stunned by his words, "What do you mean?"

"Orakha is the Orange Mystic Path." Inala continued to speak as Wittral's expression became more and more afraid as he heard further, "The Parute Tree we sold in Arlfarah Auction House was the Blue Mystic Path. His true form is that of a Transcendent Eater, an existence capable of consuming even Transcendents. At his full strength, he could devour Sumatra overnight."

"The Minor Treasure we sold at the end of the auction was the Red Mystic Path."

"My…goodness." Wittral felt that his knees had gotten weak as he found a rock nearby to sit on.

"It's not just that," Inala sighed as he spoke, "Hayaya was actually Asaeya while Lannla was Gannala."

"What?" Wittral shouted in shock, "Are you serious?"

"Yes," Inala sighed, "They had us in the palm of their hands because of one reason."

"Gannala is Virala's deity!"

Before Wittral could fully process the truth bomb, Inala spoke, "He had two bodies. The first body possessed a power capable of transforming Humans and Pranic Beasts into orbs that he could equip and wield the power of whenever he wanted. It was through this power that he targeted us."

"Then our Spirit Containers?" Wittral asked in shock, his eyes widening in fear to see Inala nod.

"Yes, he was collecting our Natures. It was him that we called as Loot." Inala continued further, "And there's a second Loot."

"There's another one?" Wittral shouted in a fluster.

"It was the one we saw in the centre of the Attributed Region." Inala expressed mild fear, "I visited the Mammoth Clan after becoming the Royal Zinger. I wanted to use Inala's identity to continue accessing their accumulations. I found that this second Loot slept with Yarsha Zahara and had a child. Nothing much is known about this second body other than the fact that he's more terrifying than the first Loot. His actions are even more perverse."

"How…are these guys able to do all these things?" Wittral sighed.

"Future Sight!" Inala stated solemnly, "Renduldu used this power of the Red Mystic Path. Basically, he had experienced all these events once already. Armed with that knowledge, he can make plans."

"The rest of the Mystic Paths are only aware of that information in the form of a story. But they still know when and where a Major Treasure appears."

"Then, can you find out more from the Mammoth Clan?" Wittral asked in a hurry, "If they were armed with future knowledge, do they have the means to deal with the Celestial Boar?"

"Future Sight isn't perfect. Many variables have changed the events, so the Mammoth Clan isn't prepared for the Boar King's evolution." Inala pointed at the two of them, "In the original timeline, I was dead while you grew up into a normal Empyrean Snapper. We never interacted with each other."

"So, Inala's arrival at the Sanrey Plains changed everything." Wittral nodded in thought.

"Yes, by obtaining Inala's power, I managed to survive and made my way to the Dralh Sea in fear of Loot." Amita sighed, "The strangest thing I found out is that the very same Loot that made us suffer has been captured by Gannala once she found out his identity."

"Her influence was the answer." Wittral figured out everything by now, "So, Loot is in the Mammoth Clan's captivity."

"Then, can you ask to meet with him? This is a good chance to exact revenge." Wittral said, surprised to see Inala shake his head.

"The truth's out of the bag," Inala smiled wryly, "Gannala knows that I'm not Inala. They would have killed me had I not been the Royal Zinger."

"They chased me away," He scratched his cheek awkwardly, "So, there you have it. Before my identity was revealed, I managed to obtain the full picture."

"Maroppa is the Mudropper." Wittral said, surprised to see that Inala wasn't shocked by this revelation, "You knew this already?"

"The three pieces of Sumatra Gold in my stomach…whenever she came to see us, she sneakily used her powers to help me assimilate with them better." Inala laughed, "If I didn't have your Subtle Terrain Domination, I would have never sensed her actions. Since I had it, I knew who she was from day one."

"So, you acted like you didn't know her." Wittral sighed, a moment later understanding that Inala was always like this.

"Since she was being secretive, I didn't want to reveal that I knew who she was." Inala said, "Though, my male form had made contact with her multiple times. He figured out her identity while spying on the Orange Mystic Path."

"Then, the reason you wanted to save Asaeya at the Attributed Region?" Wittral asked the most important question.

"I was still acting as the Mammoth Clan's Inala at that time. So I had to show some effort. But it seemed she figured out the truth the moment I became the Royal Zinger." Inala sighed, "And then Gannala too ended up finding out that I have been hiding information from her."

"Something like that is possible?" Wittral was shocked.

"Since I had both Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art, I could easily create a skill that protected sensitive information. I made it in such a way that all information related to my secret and plans would automatically be protected by this Skill." Inala grinned confidently, "As a result, even when Gannala accessed my memories, she failed to learn the truth until now."

"I became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts without any plans toward it. So it was only obvious that the truth was revealed." Inala concluded the discussion.

Considering Wittral's emotional attachment towards Inala, he didn't have to explain himself. But Inala wanted Wittral to know everything that was happening. Only then could he actively participate in all future schemes.

Moreover, Inala ensured to tie everything to his story even while revealing the entire setup to Wittral. This ensured to erase the faintest doubts in Wittral, further cementing his status as Inala's staunchest ally.

Considering how much Wittral was smitten with him, even if Inala didn't do anything, Wittral would still be on his side. But Inala wasn't satisfied with it. And now, he had Wittral's absolute support.

"I told you everything I know," Inala made eye contact with Wittral, "Are you satisfied with this explanation?"

"Yes, perfectly so." Wittral nodded as he asked, "You'll stay with me from now on, right?"

"There's just one body of mine now. So, yes, you'll be seeing more of me from now on." Inala hadn't even finished speaking when Wittral jumped in joy, mistakenly sending the nearby trees flying.

Seeing boulders fly in the sky with every stomp from Wittral, Inala hurriedly used his Secondary Nature to erect a thick dome of mud as protection, able to hear Wittral's excited laughs even through the thick layer of earth.

'I shouldn't have said anything!' Inala felt a headache as the ground rumbled in response to Wittral's actions. He was the one who made Wittral jubilant. And now, he had to face an excited Wittral.

Boom!

The dome he had erected collapsed as Wittral rushed inside like a truck, grabbed Inala in a bear hug, and used Subtle Terrain Dominance to create a tornado the inside of which he flew, "Hahahaha! Thank you for keeping my feelings in consideration all along."

"Ah, what a fun day to be alive," Wittral exclaimed in joy and then stared at Inala with a heated gaze.



Chapter 565 The First Calamity!

﻿﻿[It's time!]

The Biome Bomb in Resha's possession communicated with him, urging him to deal with the Dieng Canyon's rulers. In the past few days, it had already told him all the necessary details.

Dieng Canyon currently had three rulers and three hidden rulers. The three rulers were the Zinger Queens who had been controlling the Dieng Canyon for the past few decades. The hidden rulers were the three Empyrean Zinger Queens created by Inala's Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen.

These hidden rulers were able to birth Silver Grade Zingers. They mostly remained in hiding and only revealed themselves when a strong enough Pranic Beast entered Dieng Canyon, using the Prana of which they hatched Empyrean Zinger Scouts and Captains.

Resha's objective was to capture these three rulers in the Biome Bomb. If that wasn't possible, he ought to kill them before Brangara could get to them.

Thankfully, in the current scenario with the absence of the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye, Resha was faster in the sky. At the Biome Bomb's shout, he observed an elevated plateau on the horizon.

Dieng Canyon!

It was a hub in this part of Sumatra, for all travel routes passed through the Dieng Canyon, making it a busy place traversed by all sorts of Humans and Pranic Beasts.

"Do I race to the centre?" Resha asked, surprised immediately after to see Prana churn within the Biome Bomb and condense to form a Zinger.

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Quip Zinger!

The Biome Bomb expanded to its original size, becoming a sphere with a radius of 180 metres. An entrance opened on it as the Quip Zinger walked out, fist-sized. As the Biome Bomb shrunk to occupy its position on Resha's shoulder, it morphed its shape to become a bowl in which the Quip Zinger sat, using it as a nest.

A string of Prana jutted out of the Biome Bomb and coiled around the Quip Zinger, using Inala's Royal Zinger influence to control it. The Quip Zinger was elated upon perceiving Inala's presence, quivering faintly, its expression no different from a zealot.

Kriek!

Once Resha approached the Dieng Canyon, the Quip Zinger unleashed a powerful shriek, transmitting a vast sea of knowledge that was given to it by the Biome Bomb. The information could be summarised as follows:

The Zinger Race now had a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Royal Zinger. The Royal Zinger commanded the Dieng Canyon to huddle all its queens at one location. Finally, the specific location where they had to group up.

Kriek!

Kuaaa!

Gugagagaga!

When Inala arrived at the Dieng Canyon to take in his Mutated Empyrean Zinger Queen, he informed the Zinger Race of his plans, promising that he would become their ruler. He had communicated through the Zinger's voice, and hence, all the contents were received and transmitted by the Zingers from one colony to another.

Within a couple of months, the entire Dieng Canyon became aware of the news and hence were waiting for Inala's return. The presence of the Empyrean Zinger Queens already implied that the Zinger Race could be elevated as a whole to the Silver Grade.

Zingers ranked in the upper levels of intelligence among Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Since they lived in communities, communication was rapid thanks to their genetic trait of being able to transmit large sums of information through a shingle shriek.

As Empyrean Zingers were birthed one after another, news spread in the Dieng Canyon. So, pretty much every single Zinger became aware of the gradual increase in the population of their Silver Grade variant and was hopeful for a future where they would all be Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

The difference between Iron and Silver Grade Pranic Beasts was substantial. One was an instinctual being while the other had sentience and was capable of conscious thought and decision making.

Therefore, getting into the Silver Grade meant an overall improvement, even if they were only becoming Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

The voice of the Quip Zinger, though slightly different from the Zingers, still conformed to their original language. Hence, all Zingers managed to understand it. They just possessed different accents.

Kiek!

Krieek!

Kuak!

A group of Zingers intended to approach Resha and inspect the Quip Zinger. Once the Biome Bomb informed him of their intentions, Resha pulled a bunch of Zingers towards himself. He targeted Zinger Captains and Zinger Commanders, using his gravity to keep them hovering around him as he blazed into the Dieng Canyon.

A Zinger Commander approached the Quip Zinger and gently touched it, seeping its Prana into the latter. Its expression evidently widened as it confirmed its doubts.

The Zinger Commander glided away and shrieked multiple times, transmitting two words that resounded with abundant power and authority.

[Royal Zinger!]

The Quip Zinger was birthed by the Royal Zinger, as the latter's presence was evidently present on this newborn. The Zinger Commander could perceive it clearly, since the presence wasn't of their rulers.

All the Zingers in the Dieng Canyon were birthed by the three Zinger Queens. And hidden Queens were only capable of birthing Empyrean Zingers. Basically, the endpoint of the Zinger Race was at Beginner Silver Grade.

But the Quip Zinger before it didn't have that limitation. There were some genetic differences, and it was these differences that paved the way for unstoppable evolution to the peak.

As a race that stole and consumed Prana of all races, the Zinger Commander could perceive the superiority of the Quip Zinger's Prana. Whatever it managed to sense, it transmitted to everyone else.

Similarly, the Zingers brought in by Resha approached the Quip Zinger one after another and revealed the information they perceived to everyone.

Shrieks resounded in the region as the various colonies continued to transmit the information, confirming the arrival of the Royal Zinger.

"What is happening?" Resha frowned as even he could feel joy in the expressions of the Zingers as the number of shrieks only grew in number and intensity.

[The Royal Zinger's authority is being accepted. The Zinger Race will now heed and live to exercise the will of the Royal Zinger.]

'That's terrifying!' Resha finally understood the full extent of Inala's plans, 'So that's why he was gung-ho about being a Zinger. He can now mobilise the entire Dieng Canyon!'

How big was the Dieng Canyon? It was one of the largest territories on this side of Sumatra Continent. Depending on the route they traverse, an Empyrean Tusk herd can take anywhere from one year to a few years to pass through the Dieng Canyon.

And this is in the scenario where they move through the outer regions. As the Dieng Canyon was a maze, getting lost in it was simple. With Prana Bombs bombarding them every step of the way, even the Empyrean Tusk herd would collapse eventually.

As a result, they always stuck to the same route they followed every century, one that had been widened enough for two Empyrean Tusks to walk side by side. The route was also short and safe enough for the Mammoth Clan, as they destroyed all the colonies along their route every time they entered the Dieng Canyon.

So, the colonies that were rebuilt along the route wouldn't be as strong as the ones deeper in the Dieng Canyon that hadn't sustained much damage from external parties.

An army of Zingers targeted the Mammoth Clan to shift their attention away from the Zinger Queen's egg that had been placed on the 44th Empyrean Tusk. This army numbered eighty million, forming the First Major Disaster.

The army that had been mobilised was under the instructions of the Zinger Queen who created the Zinger Queen egg. Other than the group of Zinger Kings meant to protect the egg, the remaining Zingers were a disposable army.

Their task was only to divert the Mammoth Clan. Hence, only the weak and unwanted Zingers were dispatched from the various colonies that had a relationship with this Zinger Queen.

But a word from Inala and every single Zinger in existence would take up arms, ready to plunge into death. And that was frightening.

"He's no longer a Major Disaster incarnate. There needs to be a new term for this." Resha sighed as he stared at the Biome Bomb, "A Calamity."

"The first of its kind to be born on Sumatra." Resha uttered with respect and fear, "Inala is the First Calamity."

[First Calamity? Ooh, I like that term!]

The Biome Bomb seemed to be enjoying Resha's changing expressions. It then nudged him to continue flying, for Brangara was hot on their trail.

"He's four hundred kilometres away from us." Resha said, "By the time he arrives at the Dieng Canyon, I'll be done with my work."

[You can use the repulsive force of your External Inertial Gravity to practically build up speed atop Brangara's speed. You're using your powers well. But you can improve further!]

Using the repulsive force, Resha pushed himself away from Brangara, using that to accelerate further and reached the Dieng Canyon well in advance, erecting a gap of 400 kilometres between the two.

And now, to ensure that Inala retained his advantage over Brangara, he was flying towards a specific location on the Dieng Canyon, guided by the Biome Bomb. He was surprised by the Biome Bomb's statement and asked in a hurry, "I can improve further? Are you saying I'm not using my powers to its full potential?"

[Bitch! You have complete control over gravity. Gravity is the sole power that can accomplish almost all cosmic wonders. If a science nerd had your power, they would have abused it to spam cosmic phenomenon!]

"I'm all ears, tell me more," Resha said, not in the least offended by the Biome Bomb's insult. After all, Inala managed to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. So, Resha respected the latter's input.

[I…don't know. I'm not a science nerd.]

"Fuck you!" Resha cursed, "Considering your boast, I thought you would know something!"

[I may not know it, but that doesn't mean you cannot learn more about it.]

"Then, where would I know more?" Resha asked in a hurry. "I'm ready to do whatever it takes to understand my powers better."

The Celestial Boar's presence caused him to feel his powers were lacking. Hence, Resha was desperate to develop further. After all, his endgame build was made in preparation to kill the Empyrean Boar King and not the Celestial Boar.

[Yennda! He should be the most knowledgeable about the subject. Talking with him will allow you to achieve a breakthrough in the usage of your gravity powers.]

"Yennda?" Resha was surprised by the answer, "Are you telling me that guy knows more about this science stuff?"

[Yeah, don't underestimate him. He's held back by his inferiority complex. But there's a reason he's one of the Mystic Paths.]



Chapter 566 Suck It

﻿﻿When matter was compressed to a tremendous extent, enough gravitational force would build up in the centre to affect atomic bonds, resulting in a fission reaction. Depending on the matter forming in the centre, the fission reaction might lead to a secondary fusion reaction or there would be a fusion reaction from the beginning.

The previous Harrala was able to cause it upon consuming the corpse of Gannala at the Dieng Canyon. She managed to create a sun that could operate for a second, which was powerful enough to kill a body of the Boar King.

Resha's powers were significantly stronger than Harrala's. He was also equipped with the Major Treasure of Cure, allowing him to wield the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity. If he had the know-how, he could manage to create a sun that could function for a few seconds at the very least.

That alone would be able to kill even the Celestial Boar. This was just one of the extreme cosmic phenomena he could create.

Cyclones, thunderstorms, etc. were created on Earth due to a pressure difference in atmospheric conditions. Resha could already use his Secondary Nature to refine the bones of his target into an Empyrean Tusk equivalent, allowing these bones to contain the power of Perfect Inertial Gravity.

Therefore, he could easily plant such bones across various regions of Sumatra to affect the climate in such a way that a terrifying cyclone was condensed at Brangara's location.

As long as he knows where Brangara lived and upon confirming that the latter would be there for some time, he could enact such a phenomenon. This way, without being at the scene personally, he would be unleashing a storm upon his enemy.

Earthquakes too could be unleashed in a similar manner using the refined bones. He would have to spend a lot of time, energy, and quality resources on the setup. But he had the power to make it a reality.

If Resha had enough knowledge of climatic conditions and the way changes in terrain affect each other, there was no limit to what Resha could do. The power of gravity was an absurd cheat in the hands of one with the relevant knowledge.

[I don't understand the cause behind these natural phenomena, but they can be created through your power.]

"I understand," Resha nodded, "But how does Yennda know all this? I thought he was in the IT field on Earth?"

[You know about that?]

"Yeah, it was contained in the knowledge Grehha gave me recently." Resha sighed, "I'm still failing to come to terms with it. I just cannot stomach that everything I've been through never happened in the first place."

"I realised how everyone knew about me once I went through the Bone Slip," Resha said, "To think Sumatra Chronicles had all these secrets and it's still available on Earth."

He stared at the Biome Bomb, "Isn't that a risk? If Renduldu is able to travel to and from Earth, can't other Transcendents do the same?"

[Transcendents cannot interfere with Sumatra. So, even if they obtain Sumatra Chronicles, we needn't worry about them. What we have to concern ourselves with is the fact that Yarsha Zahara remembers her past life. Considering her character, she'll side with Brangara. She knows a lot of the Mammoth Clan's secrets.]

"I know…" Resha turned silent in response as he continued to fly. Since Brangara was using a Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, Resha could sense his position clearly. As a result, he could move without worries.

Only Brangara could threaten him. So, as long as he was aware of the latter's position, he wasn't worried. A couple of days later, he arrived at the designated location, observing a Zinger Queen and Empyrean Zinger Queen there.

"There's only two?" He frowned in response.

[They were the closest, so only they managed to arrive in two days. It's fine. We can gather the rest ourselves.]

The Biome Bomb reverted to its original size, opening its entrance as the Quip Zinger shrieked a few times, communicating with them.

Brangara should never consume them. So, until he leaves the Dieng Canyon, the six Queens would be kept in safety with Resha. With his speed, he could continue flying and remain beyond Brangara's reach.

Once they became aware of the scenario, the two Queens entered the Biome Bomb. Since Inala created it while in his Mystic Grade Pranic Beast form, it could sustain life inside.

A few Baobab trees began growing on a small hill as the outside air was sucked inside, making the environment liveable. A portion of Brangara's Lifeforce condensed into a bump on the hill. Immediately after, a Parute Tree jutted out of the ground, growing to its full height in a matter of minutes.

It alone was enough for the two Queens to sustain themselves in the Biome Bomb. Resha took flight immediately after and continued to fly across the place, moving about in the route that the other Queens would take based on where they stayed.

Soon, he gathered the remaining Queens and began to fly away from the Dieng Canyon.

"Tch!" Brangara arrived at a stop right at the entrance of the Dieng Canyon, observing the Zingers glare at him despite trembling in fear at the tinge of presence he was releasing. 'Their mental states have grown stronger. Is that bastard's influence already permeating through their body and mind?'

As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast was protecting them, the Zingers weren't as afraid of Brangara as usual. It was because there was now a spiritual pillar in their mind space, forming an image of the Royal Zinger.

This spiritual pillar would only grow stronger and become deep-

rooted as time passes. It would cement itself firmly once they feel Inala's presence in person. This would protect them from foreign influences, especially that of Brangara's.

Technically, Brangara could make them go insane through his presence, but he would have to unleash his presence in full power to do so. Moreover, its effectiveness wouldn't be as high as against other Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

Inala's presence alone brought about these changes among the Zinger Race. This was just the start. There would be more as time passes.

"Hmph!" Brangara assumed Celestial Boar form and devoured a group of Zingers, digesting them to recover his Prana. He stored a few Natures of Prana Bomb belonging to Zinger Kings and digested everything else.

Through the routes, he ran in the direction of the closest Zinger Queen. As the Deing Canyon was a traffic hub, various races passed through the region. Hence, Brangara had spent a long time camping at the place, able to consume a variety of Humans and Pranic Beasts.

Some of them hailed from faraway places, travelling for decades, only to end up in Brangara's mouth. Only at the Dieng Canyon was it possible to accumulate a variety of Natures. Hence, he was pretty familiar with the place.

Brangara knew where the three Zinger Queens lived, so he made a beeline towards the home of the closest Zinger Queen, travelling for two days, only to see an empty mountain. He leapt into the sky, reaching a height of four kilometres by unleashing a powerful gust of air.

Through his elevation, he was able to survey the entire region, observing the Zingers bare their fangs his way. They were afraid, but openly displayed their hostility towards him, 'They never dared to do so in the past. These changes are due to that bastard!'

Brangara treated the Zingers as snacks in the past. They were still the same in his eyes. The only difference was in the behaviour of the Zingers. In the past, they resigned themselves to their fate and didn't bother resisting, for that was futile.

But now, they had faith in the Royal Zinger. And hence, they dared behave hostile towards Brangara. 'I need to destroy the Dieng Canyon. Otherwise, it would serve to become Inala's force in the future.'

But his priority was to capture at least one Zinger Queen. Brangara observed the sky and observed a faint dot flying far away, "Resha!"

It was apparent that Resha had already captured the Zinger Queen at the location. He was now speeding in the direction of the second Zinger Queen's home.

Upon seeing his direction of flight, Brangara gritted his teeth and changed plans, moving towards the home of the third Zinger Queen, all while protecting himself from the Prana Bombs flying his way, "Store them all, Yarsha."

"Yes!" Her kite-shaped Spirit Weapon flew rapidly and tanked the Prana Bombs, bringing them under her control. She stored them in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox promptly after. When necessary, she could attack her enemies with it.

But they were the Prana Bombs created by Zingers, not Inala. Hence, forget turning them into Prana Hands, it wasn't possible to morph their shape or even control them as Spirit Weapons, since she didn't have the necessary means.

It didn't mean she was helpless though as Yarsha Zahara took out a Comet and a Satellite from her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, applying their power on the Prana Bombs. Immediately in response, the Prana Bombs began to revolve around Brangara, targeting any Zingers within range.

Once the Prana Bomb absorbed Prana from the Zinger until full capacity, it would to the orbit when Yarsha Zahara would store it in her Lunchbox. This way, she was accumulating a reserve of Prana that would come in handy later.

But that was it. Their gains at the Dieng Canyon amounted to a stack of Prana Bombs for Yarsha Zahara and a few dozen Natures of the same for Brangara. They failed their objective, watching helplessly as Resha had already obtained the third Zinger Queen.

As all Zinger Queens left home due to the Royal Zinger's instructions, only Resha knew their position and could reach them first. All Brangara could do was arrive at the empty homes of the Zinger Queens.

"Suck it!" Resha roared from dozens of kilometres away, assuming Empyrean Tusk form just to unleash the powerful bellow.



Chapter 567 Congratulations, Resha

After taunting Brangara once, Resha turned around to fly in the direction of the Brimgan Empire. He didn't know how long the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye would be away, but he didn't want to take the risk anymore.

[Leap, Don't Fly!]

Mahira Tusk's warning served as a reminder to him. And having consumed a good portion of the Hidden Eye's blood, Resha had been making preparations towards the latter. The first of this preparation was to sense its presence.

While flying in the sky to chase after Brangara, Resha was multitasking on this front, actively working on his gains from this recent fight while consuming the Boar King's Prana and Lifeforce.

He had never consumed Prana on such a level. It was pure but vast, with every unit of it containing a suffocating amount of presence. This Prana was stolen from the Boar King after Inala became the Royal Zinger. At that point in time, both the Boar King bodies were actively tanking Bolts of Transcendence, not to mention having consumed the blood of Hidden Eye, and gained a portion of data from both Hidden Eye and Attributed Region through the Bolts of Transcendence.

Their Prana had traces of them all, which was what Resha was consuming. Through it, he gained enough information to be able to detect when the Hidden Eye would return. He could feel that it was about to return in a few hours.

The only way Resha could be faster than Brangara was through flight. And the moment he loses that advantage, Brangara could easily close in on him and kill him.

Resha didn't mind dying, since he was prepared for it, but he couldn't lose the Major Treasure of Cure. Since he gathered all the Zinger Queens, he began to retreat, intending to leave beyond Brangara's sensory range.

This way, even after flight was prohibited, Resha would be able to run on the ground fast enough that it would take Brangara days to close in the gap. Considering the situation at hand with his children, Brangara wouldn't make that choice.

'Now, do I return these to Inala or the Mammoth Clan?' Resha entertained the thought for less than a second before deciding to bring them to the Mammoth Clan. The eggs created by the Zinger Queens could be useful for the Mammoth Clan to fuse with.

[That's unnecessary. The Mammoth Clan already has enough Zinger eggs.]

The Biome Bomb spoke the moment Resha changed directions, stunning him.

"What do you mean by that?" Resha frowned, "Did Inala gift the Mammoth Clan Zinger Queen eggs?"

[How else do you think he received support from the entire Mammoth Clan? Inala didn't obtain Attribute just like that. He had the entire Mammoth Clan's support. And it was a team of Empyrean Tusks who brought him to the centre in the first place!]

"Are you…serious?" Resha stared at the Biome Bomb in shock.

[Gannala has the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. Her Secondary Nature is a Mystic Grade version of the Mammoth Ancestor's power. Using the two, she can transform all Empyrean Tusks into their human forms. Until the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself, the entire Mammoth Clan was chilling in the Brimgan Empire while farming Brimgan Royals.]

"Wait! The cause behind the disappearance of over a hundred Brimgan Royals is…" Resha shouted in alarm.

[Obviously, the Mammoth Clan. And it's all thanks to Inala. Currently, his contribution to the Mammoth Clan is the highest ever. It's an unbreakable record. The combined contributions of the remaining Mystic Paths pale in comparison to his. So, it's natural the Mammoth Clan supported him the most in this race.]

"How is this…possible?" Resha was unable to curb his shock when he noticed a figure flying his way. It was the Royal Zinger, but way smaller than the one he had seen before, barely reaching a height of 18 metres.

Seated on its back was the mysterious woman who gave him a familiar feeling back when he targeted Harla Brimgan.

"Did you succeed?" Inala reverted to human form and landed on the ground, asking upon seeing Resha arrive at a halt a few metres before him. He was only asking it to strike up a conversation with Resha.

The moment they came in range, an entrance opened on the Biome Bomb as the voice of the Quip Zinger reverberated out, informing Inala of everything necessary. Hence, he was already aware that they had succeeded in rescuing all six Queens.

"Yeah," Resha watched the Biome Bomb sprout eight legs in the form of Prana strings and crawl over to Inala, "How did you achieve this?"

"How did you become the Royal Zinger?"

"By working my ass off!" Inala replied, proud of his accomplishment.

"I'm asking how?" Resha grunted, "How is it possible to enter the Mystic Grade in a metre two decades?"

"Don't expect me to reveal my secrets." Inala clicked his tongue, "You see, the Mammoth Clan has announced that they want nothing to do with me. So, I have no incentive to support you guys."

"What?" Resha was surprised for an instant before his expression hardened, "So what? Gannala is your child! You should look out for her."

"I did everything I could do." Inala shrugged, "She possesses two Gold Grade Natures and one Mystic Grade Nature, not to mention every single Skill and Prime Skill I have created until now. Even before maturing, she's already stronger than many Empyrean Tusks. And once she matures, she'll be the strongest. It's not to mention the Indigo Mystic Path in her."

"After I became the Royal Zinger, I'm sure it was filled up by a good chunk. Maybe before or around the Fourth Major Disaster, she'll evolve into a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast." Inala snorted, "She has the Mammoth Ancestor's inheritance too. There's no aspect as an Empyrean Tusk that she lacks. She has everything."

"So, I've done my duty as her father." He then glared at Resha, "What did you do in response? What did you achieve other than burdening the Mammoth Clan's resources?"

"I did everything in my power!" Resha growled.

"Everything?" Inala burst out laughing, "Recall back to the First Major Disaster. At that time, I barely entered the Body Stage but had to flee the Mammoth Clan with Gannala. With barely any support, I forged a foundation of my own and reached my current height. But what about you?"

"Major Treasure of Cure, power of an Empyrean Tusk, and you had already progressed around sixty to seventy percent through the Body Stage. This was your accumulation at the point of the First Major Disaster." Inala stared at Resha with a tone of mockery, "With such overwhelming strength, you've barely contributed a fraction of what I did while trying to survive."

"Look at reality, Resha."

"Then, will you do nothing while the Mammoth Clan gets annihilated?" Resha grunted in anger.

"Gannala's powers allow the Mammoth Clan to move around whole hidden, strategically. Grehha created the Bone Vipers as defence while I've given enough Zinger Eggs, including ones that can birth Zinger Queens. They'll be the Mammoth Clan's offense, scouts, transports, and resource gatherers." Inala made a list, "Thanks to me, the Mammoth Clan now also possesses Mystic Mist Art and Gold Kinesis Art. It's not to mention Mutated Empyrean Zingers who have the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity and Subtle Terrain Domination."

"All Empyrean Tusks now have a powerful Secondary Nature that gives them insane Spirit Weapon Range and can transform both their human and Empyrean Tusk forms into humanoid powerhouses." He continued to speak while observing that Resha was rendered speechless by everything he said, "And don't even mention their need for resources. As long as Blola exists, they can survive even in the worst of environments, since in their human forms, they don't need much resources for upkeeping their functions."

"The current Mammoth Clan has enough power to fight the Brimgan Empire head-on and win." Inala concluded, "If, with such overpowering strength, they are still annihilated, then they're simply not fit for survival on Sumatra."

"It's as simple as that."

"That…" Resha wanted to argue but there was nothing he could retort with. Inala bombarded him with enough facts that words failed to come out of his mouth.

"Besides, it was Gannala who told me to get lost. I'm simply respecting my daughter's wishes." Inala said, "She's old enough to know what she wants. And honestly, she's the one who's making decisions for the Mammoth Clan for the past few months as someone who'll take position as the First Empyrean Tusk upon attaining maturity."

"I'm sorry," Resha bowed his head in defeat, "I didn't know all that."

"How long will you give the same excuse?" Inala cursed in anger, "Renduldu's future sight took effect on the seven of us at the same time. You remembered your past while we remembered our lives on Earth. And even after losing the war of information time and again, you still haven't taken any active effort."

"Had you done that, you wouldn't have targeted Brangara's kids at this point in time. His evolution would have only happened around the Third Major Disaster or years after that!" Inala said in mockery, "By then, we'd have capitalised on our advantages to become strong enough to face him head-on. But what about now?"

"Brangara is a whole new person now. He'll be actively using his head atop his already overpowered set of abilities!"

"Also, you don't know this, but because of your screwup, Yennda and Grehha have been captured by Yarsha Zahara." Inala shouted, "Not just a simple capture, but she obtained the fruits being revived by Blola. Now those two will be working for our enemy, whether they like it or not."

"H-How…is that possible?" Resha stammered in fear, "How did she end up getting her hand on them?"

"It happened because you acted without informing anyone else of your change in mind. Had you gone through the plan you told the Chief, we could have avoided this disastrous situation. But no, you just had to act like a hero for Yarsha Zahara. But if you planned to do that, you could have wooed her to our side. However, what did you do?" Inala cursed, "You killed two of her kids."

"Spectacular! What a performance!" Inala clapped in mockery, "You succeeded in riling up an Yarsha Zahara armed with the memories of her past. Now, she's no longer a sheltered princess but one capable of garnering the support of countless Kingdoms and Empires for her cause."

"You half-assed as her hero, half-assed as her villain, and you half-assed in your aggression towards her. And now, the most cunning woman in all of Sumatra with Mystic Grade strength will be coming for our asses!" Inala saluted, "Only you can brew such an electrifying Elixir!"

"Congratulations for fucking us all!"



Chapter 568 A Gift

﻿﻿"Dammit! Dammit! DAMMIT!" Resha cursed nonstop as he ran across the wilds, splattering the faces of any Pranic Brast that dared come in his way.

"Congratulations for fucking us all!"

Inala's words resounded in his mind nonstop, looping without a break, almost like a curse. He wanted to get some insight into Inala's path to the Mystic Grade but instead received a sermon pointing at every single mistake he had committed.

It was frustrating to know that he had singlehandedly screwed up big time and the result of that was the birth of the most powerful Mystic Grade Pranic Beast to ever exist—Celestial Boar.

Originally, Brangara was the Empyrean Boar King. Though he was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, he had the prefix of Empyrean, signalling that he had attained the limit of his evolution as a Pranic Beast.

But now, the Celestial Boar had no such prefix, despite being an Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Basically, even after hitting the limit possible for evolution, he hadn't touched the evolutionary limit for his newly evolved race.

That was absurd. And the greatest contributor towards that was none other than Resha. His contribution was so high that it wouldn't be strange if future generations of the Wean Clan erect a statue of Resha and pray to him daily.

In the time he had infiltrated the Brimgan Empire, the Mammoth Clan had changed as a whole. He probably wouldn't be able to recognise them given the degree of change the Empyrean Tusks had experienced.

'Where did I go wrong?' Resha thought, easily able to pinpoint the decision that changed it all. He knew the Attributed Region the best. Originally, he planned to obtain the Major Treasure of Attribute by making Harla Brimgan fuse with it.

Through his power, he had already refined her skeleton. Hence, he could control her as he pleases. With that, he would make her target Brangara's children, lead him into the Attributed Region and kill him using the Attributed Creatures.

This was a plan that he had refined carefully after taking into consideration his past life's experiences while accounting for the variables that would arise from the reincarnates.

But that all changed once he heard Yarsha Zahara call for him through the Minor Treasure of Summoning Bell. He was overcome by his emotional self and got rid of his careful planning to move to the rescue of Yarsha Zahara impulsively.

Split between hatred and his care for Yarsha Zahara, he made an absolute mess of the situation, all because he couldn't stomach that Yarsha Zahara had birthed the children of the two people he detested the most in Sumatra.

He gave in to rage and prematurely targeted the Boar King, which was what caused all this. Had he maintained his cool, he would have wondered about what the Boar King was planning after drinking the Hidden Eye's blood and the information he was receiving through the Bolts of Transcendence.

The moment he thought of that, he could have changed his plans accordingly to ensure the Boar King ended up dead.

"Do I have to become nothing more than a killing machine?" Resha landed in the midst of a group of Pranic Beasts and unleashed a storm of gravity that pulled the bodies of the Pranic Beasts in different directions and ripped them apart.

"What's the use of living a life like that?" He grunted in anger, "It would…just be a repeat of my previous life."

Even if that life never happened, Resha lived every second of it. To him, that timeline was his past. Every second of his effort, his suffering, his bonds, the pressure he endured, and the despair he faced towards the end, he experienced it every second of the way.

How the fuck can he act like that never happened?

"Fine, if it's like that, then I'll change." He expressed once he had calmed down, observing that he was at the centre of a massive crater that was two kilometres wide. He had created it during his emotional outburst.

"Information, is it?" He uttered, his voice devoid of emotion, "I'll learn everything."

"Since the Mammoth Clan is stronger now, they can protect themselves. I no longer need to worry about that." Saying so, he began to head towards Guna Caves, "I'll focus on killing Brangara."

"Nothing has changed. I'm still alive. My family is alive. The Mammoth Clan is bigger and stronger than before." Prana surged out of him and began to steadily condense around him, displaying signs of solidifying through the unleashed flux of gravity within, "Since Yennda is captured, I'll give the Wean Clan some free time to revive him."

"There are plenty of gravitational terrain in Sumatra." Resha firmed his destination, "I'll learn from nature."

'Yennda won't be able to break free from Yarsha Zahara's control nor does he have the willpower to do so. Then, to learn more about Gravity from him, I must first empower him.' Thinking as such, Resha flicked his finger, pulling a Pranic Beast close.

He surged Prana into its resisting body and refined its skeleton to be on par with the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk. Through his Secondary Nature, he turned the Pranic Beast's skeleton into his Spirit Container and used it as a Bone Slip to implant some information.

Following that, he continued to use his Secondary Nature of Mystic Bone to alter its skeleton, causing a layer of exoskeleton armour to grow on its body. Internally, he built a bone cage around its heart and other internal organs in the same way they existed in an Empyrean Tusk's body.

By the time he was done, the Pranic Beast was unable to move, for its body was too heavy, no different from an armoured truck. All he did was smirk in response and connect the bone marrow of the exoskeleton and organ cages to the bone marrow of its skeleton.

With that, Prana was able to flow through the entire construct of bone, as if it were an extension of its skeleton. As Prana flowed through the bone marrow, information coded within the skeleton entered the Prana.

The Biome Bomb communicated with him through the presence of Prana that his Mystic Bone Art could translate. The Pranic Beast didn't have a cultivation technique. Instead, Resha employed the Skill of Prana Domination alongside Perfect Inertial Gravity to influence the Pranic Beast's Prana.

Over time, pieces of information entered its mind space as the entirety of its skeleton structure emanated the same influence over the Prana in contact with them.

"Go, find Harrala." Resha patted the Pranic Beast and activated his Major Treasure, using its capability of influencing terrain to seep the influence into a small biome in the heart of the Pranic Beast.

This biome was formed in a layer of bone around the Spirit Container. In terms of volume, it occupied a square metre, basically a Storage Lantern equivalent. Hence, it was stable.

The Major Treasure's influence seeped into this terrain and affected the Prana. As the Prana circulated across the body, it absorbed information from the skeleton, eventually reaching the Pranic Beast's mind space and affecting its decision. Since it was an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, it fell prey to the influence very soon and began to move in the direction of the Mammoth Clan.

The effects of Perfect Inertial Gravity will keep its body weightless and repel all creatures away from it, ensuring it remains safe until it reaches Harrala.

Resha didn't stop at that and created multiple such creatures, sending them in various directions, not knowing exactly where the Mammoth Clan was heading.

He could no longer take flight, and hence, it would take him a while to find the Mammoth Clan. As Inala's words continued to echo in his mind, Resha felt that returning to the Mammoth Clan would only cause him to return to his old ways.

This is already the third time he wanted to change. But every time he changed, upon remaining in the Mammoth Clan, he reverted to his old nature, as if that was how he should exist.

Mewww!

One of the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts eventually found its way to the Mammoth Clan and collapsed in exhaustion before Harrala.

"Eh? This is?" The moment Harrala touched the Pranic Beast's exoskeleton, she felt that the entirety of it was a giant Bone Slip. She accessed all the information in it, watching the Pranic Beast explode promptly after, unable to endure the load anymore.

The vast sea of information condensed in her mind, allowing Harrala to stare at a small cup—the Yellow Mystic Path—in her mind space.

Resha was able to see and target his Mystic Path. Upon making some improvements, he sent the data to Harrala, allowing her to observe and interact with her Mystic Path too. And the purpose of it?

[Harrala, this is Resha. I know you desire a normal relationship with Yennda. But it has only become harder after he has been captured. However, don't give up. As long as you call for him, he'll return. Mystic Paths are very mysterious. I want you to build upon my information and figure out a way to communicate with Yennda through the Yellow Mystic Path.]

"Thank you, Uncle Resha." Harrala cupped her fists in gratitude, "That's the first gift I received in my life."

"And I'm grateful for it."



Chapter 569 Mahira Tusk’s Gamble

﻿﻿"So, everything was true." Standing on a mountain far away, Resha observed a group of women moving about in the thicket of trees. There were a total of 105 women, somewhat varying in age. The sole male accompanying them was Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief.

Clutched in Resha's hand was a Bone Slip given by Inala, containing information from his experience of visiting the Mammoth Clan a few months ago. It was through Inala's perspective, since the information was extracted from his memories.

This was given by Inala to prove that everything he conveyed was true. And now, as Resha observed the women, he was able to verify Inala's information. His gaze then fell on the woman walking towards the end of the group, feeling his vision spin in response.

Protect!

His heart thumped as his face began to heat up in response. A powerful urge to return to the Mammoth Clan erupted in his being, to submit himself to the rule of his Deity and work tirelessly for the Mammoth Clan's benefit.

"No, not now." He clutched his head, retreating to avoid reverting to his old ways once again. Until now, Resha tried to change three times. The first time was when he lost his Spirit Container due to Virala's scheme.

Resha gave up his original plan and made a beeline towards the Supreme Tusk Gannala's heart. He didn't wish to be controlled by his hatred and instead wanted to be someone who could lead the Mammoth Clan to a future of survival and excellence.

He maintained that state of mind until he exited. Once he did that, he approached Yahira and told her information about the future, protecting and improving her. He schemed and planned to continue changing for the better.

But that was the end of his scheme. He never progressed beyond that. The second time he wanted to change was following the Boar King's attack on the Mammoth Clan after the Fifth Minor Crisis.

It was once again during a confrontation with Virala. The latter's claim that the Empyrean Tusks knew his detestable schemes and still turned a blind eye to his actions infuriated Resha. He vowed to change after that and indeed did.

But at some point in time, he stopped scheming or gathering information and instead reverted to strengthening himself once again.

The third time was when he infiltrated the Brimgan Empire. He made a scheme to act as a Minor Treasure and fuse with Harla Brimgan's skeleton, intending to gather information from the source who controlled the Empire.

When Yarsha Zahara called for him through the Summoning Bell, he should have tried to influence Harla Brimgan into checking out the situation and not revealing himself as he did. And once he saw her, he snapped and reverted to a battle maniac who fought against the Boar King.

This action of his was a time-tested failure. It was how he met his end in his past life. But irrespective of how much he changed, whenever something happened, he always found himself proceeding through his old ways, those that had failed once already.

When the race started two decades ago, he had the greatest advantage, both in terms of information and experience. But now, Inala had already surpassed him. Virala did it too. Orakha was on par with him while Blola was steadily catching up.

Only Grehha and Yennda were inferior to him at this point in time. It meant that out of the seven Mystic Paths, Resha's development was the slowest. In terms of strength, he was still growing at a terrifying rate, but if strength alone could kill Brangara, then he would have won in his previous life already.

With a heavy gaze, Resha walked in the direction of the Guna Caves, staring at the second Bone Slip given by Inala. He accessed it and found himself in a foreign world, staring at a computer. He didn't know what it was, but as he saw it, all the related information surged in his mind.

Displayed on the computer screen was a book cover sporting the title, 'Sumatra Chronicles.' The contents flipped through, reading through the story, a recount of Resha's past life from an omniscient perspective.

"This is a gift from me. Prepare for the endgame, Resha." Inala had given the Bone Slip to him with those words. Contained in this Bone Slip was a perspective from Inala's point of view as he read Sumatra Chronicles for six years, the highs and lows he experienced at different arcs, and how he was influenced by this story.

Obviously, after reading a chapter, Inala went through the comment section too. And that info too was contained in the Bone Slip.

When Inala arrived at Sumatra, he couldn't recall everything he had read. But upon reaching the third Stage of Mystic Bone Art—one attained by masters at the Life Stage—Inala was able to recall his entire past with startling clarity.

Accompanying that was his reading experience with Sumatra Chronicles.

Resha went through it in a daze, seeing his actions written in words that invoked a strange feeling in him. And accompanying every single scene was criticism, varied criticism from the readers.

He could have done it like this, he could have done it like that, he was smart, he was a retard, etc. It felt like his head was about to burst upon hearing random strangers' comments about his life, as a portion of the comments were damn offensive.

He raged upon hearing mocking remarks about Yahira, wishing to do nothing but destroy them all. But how could he do that? He didn't even know where Earth existed or how to reach it, not to mention finding the identities of those readers veiled by the anonymity of the internet.

Endure the criticism!

That was all he could do as tears streamed down his eyes helplessly. After all, when viewed at his life from an omniscient perspective, even he criticised his past self's actions, at places he never even regretted or thought of before.

The Bone Slip didn't just contain Inala's experience with Sumatra Chronicles. It also contained the experience of Orakha, Blola, Yennda, Virala, and Grehha.

Gannala had already gained all their memories. Inala had a copy of the same, which was what he recorded in the Bone Slip.

For the first time, Resha understood what the reincarnates felt while reading Sumatra Chronicles and journeyed with Resha until the end.

Thud!

He kneeled on the ground and crushed the empty Bone Slip, having absorbed all the information within it. "I understand now."

"I get why everyone behaved as they did."

Resha remained in the same spot for a few minutes before gathering his bearings to leave on a journey, "There's something foreign at work here."

He stared at the sky in silence for a few seconds before his figure flickered across the place.

Gliding across the sky far away was Inala in his Royal Zinger form. Seated on his back was Wittral, asking with a puzzled expression, "You tore him down verbally. Wasn't that harsh?"

"No, it's a necessity." Inala said, "Until now, Resha felt that only he could protect the Mammoth Clan from harm. But after I became the Royal Zinger, he has realised that there are many others who are more capable of protecting the Mammoth Clan than him."

"Also, when I was at the Mystic Grade as a Royal Zinger, I could feel their arrangement." Inala said and stared at the sky, "Both Mahira Tusk and Renduldu have placed a tremendous amount of influence on the seven Mystic Paths. Among us, Resha is the one who got influenced the most."

"Future Sight!" Wittral exclaimed.

"Yep," Inala nodded, "Resha's past life is a product of Future Sight. From the start, there were seven Death Row students. But in Sumatra Chronicles, there was just Resha. By editing out the remaining six, Renduldu has stitched Resha's memories in a certain way that he becomes bound by his past."

"As a result, he becomes a slave to the Mammoth Clan."

"Aren't all Mammoth Clansmen slaves to the Empyrean Tusks anyway? What difference does it make?" Wittral snorted in disdain.

"There's a difference," Inala said without being offended like in the past, as he was no longer a Mammoth Clansman, "All Mammoth Clansmen start their lives as zero and accumulate experiences. Yes, they can be called slaves, but they live lives based on their character, experience, disposition, and strength. So the actions taken by each Clansman for the same situation would be different. The same Clansman might make different choices for the same situation at various courses of their lives."

"But it's not the case for Resha. He is born with a mental setup that forces him to act in a certain way, consistently." Inala snorted, "That's why, no matter how much he changes, he always reverts back to his usual personality."

"He can neither develop as a person nor break free from the mental construct in his mind that acts as his past." Inala concluded, "So, I gave him the perspective of the reincarnates in hopes he can break free from the artificial mould and bloom with his individuality."

"Why is this being done only on Resha?" Wittral was unable to understand, "Why do they need to go to such an extent to control him? As you said, if all it needs for Empyrean Tusks to enter the Mystic Grade is to have experience of two worlds, then Resha's soul too could have been brought to Earth instead of making him a target of Future Sight."

"It's because he's Mahira Tusk's backup plan." Inala laughed wryly, "Resha is probably the only one on Sumatra who can fuse with more than one Major Treasure. He has the power of an Empyrean Tusk now, plus the Major Treasure of Cure that was created by the Supreme Tusk through Renduldu."

"Even if everything fails, Resha will be able to fuse with all the Major Treasures and Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Clan's possession, receive an inheritance from all Empyrean Tusks, and flee the place to rebuild the Mammoth Clan from scratch. This experience of going against an impossible enemy like Brangara will become his foundation for growth." He concluded, "That's Mahira Tusk's gamble."

"After all, the Red Mystic Path is guaranteed to reach the Mystic Grade. So, he has been the Mammoth Clan's future from the very beginning. As a result, Renduldu is controlling Resha to ensure he operates within the core values that form the Mammoth Clan's foundations." He expressed anger as Inala glared at the sky, "So, they'll do everything in their power to control Resha as a chess piece. Sumatra Chronicles is the tool they created to achieve their control over him."

"Whether we win or lose to Brangara matters naught to these Deities in the sky."



Chapter 570 Be My Representative

﻿﻿Cure, Attribute, Weapon, Pet, and Seat of Transcendence. They were the five Major Treasures that appeared in Sumatra Chronicles. And the extent of Renduldu's arrangements lasted only until the end of the Fourth Major Disaster.

It would mean the Mammoth Clan's loss if Brangara obtains the Seat of Transcendence. It didn't matter if he killed all the reincarnates. When that happened, Resha would be able to grab the Major Treasures and Minor Treasures from the corpses of the reincarnates.

He was the sole individual capable of fusing with them all. Hence, when Brangara obtains the Seat of Transcendence, Resha could take the chance to flee. Anyway, his experience of facing four Major Disasters, against Brangara in every single Major Disaster would translate to enough experience necessary to fill the Red Mystic Path.

Resha's child was guaranteed to be born a perfect counter to Brangara. It was why Renduldu was never worried about Brangara growing stronger since day one. His plans ensured to use Brangara as fuel for the Mammoth Clan's evolution.

As long as Resha survives the Fourth Major Disaster, through him, countless Empyrean Tusks will emerge, able to reach the Mystic Grade without issues.

And Mahira Tusk was observing Resha all the time to ensure he wouldn't be killed. The only thing preventing a Transcendent from taking action on Sumatra was the Sumatra Continent itself.

The presence of even an Iron Grade Transcendent could wipe out a good portion of lifeforms on the continent, not to mention stronger Transcendents. Hence, Sumatra Continent barred them from interfering with the affairs of the continent.

But this wasn't perfect. As long as Sumatra Continent wasn't alerted, a Transcendent could take action, which was how Mahira Tusk saved Resha from the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye.

But once she took action, Sumatra Continent became alerted, no longer leaving the Transcendents any room for interference. Only when it lets down its guard can Mahir Tusk take action.

If worst comes to worst, both Mahira Tusk and Renduldu would descend onto Sumatra Continent to save Resha. "That's what I have concluded based on the info I've accumulated until now."

Running across the wilds of Sumatra was a thumb-sized Biome Bomb. There were two Biome Bombs attached to each other, like the compartments of a train. Four strings of Prana jutted out of the Biome Bomb on the front while another four jutted out from the Biome Bomb on the rear, behaving as legs.

The eight strings of Prana behaved like the legs of a spider as they scuttled across the rough terrain. From time to time, whenever a Pranic Beast was within a range of 180 metres, two strings of Prana would latch onto the target and steal both its Prana and Lifespan.

This helped upkeep its function. Of course, the excess amounts were used to condense a terrain inside.

In the rear Biome Bomb were the twenty members of Inala's Quip Clan. They continued to proceed with their daily lives. Well, daily life was an exaggeration, since a majority of their people died to the Bolt of Transcendence.

The survivors only numbered twenty. They were still in the process of getting through the shock, which was why Inala left them as is for the time being.

In the Biome Bomb on the front, accompanying the six Queens was Inala and Wittral. As the Biome Bombs continued to absorb Prana and Lifespan, Inala began to condense more and more terrain in the place. Ground, soil, a pond, grass, some Baobab Trees, and a stone house in the centre of them all.

The stone house expanded into the air like the branches of a tree, sporting six different terraces, each of which became a resting spot for a Queen. They were currently in a state of sleep under Inala's orders.

While they slept, Inala slowly accessed their memories at a rate that wouldn't cause them pain. It was hard to do while he was a Silver Grade Royal Zinger, but since time was on his side, Inala could take it slow.

Seated in the living room, drinking tea while conversing were Inala and Wittral.

"How sure are you of this hypothesis being real?" Wittral asked, "You've replaced the Indigo Mystic Path. But at the end of the day, you're not real. So are you sure all the information you've obtained is the truth?"

"To a good measure, what I'm saying has been verified." Inala nodded, "But there can be parts where I'm wrong, so I need your help in that regard."

"I still need to spend time digesting the Brimgan Founder's accumulation. So, I'll leave the defence and operation of this place to you." Inala finished his tea and got up, intending to sleep on the nearby bed and relaxedly go through everything he had gained both from the Brimgan Founder and the data contained in the Bolts of Transcendence.

"Where are we going now?" Wittral asked next, "What's our plan?"

"There's two," Inala said and pointed at Wittral, "The first is to transform you into a Zinger Race equivalent. I've already obtained all the relevant information through a Bolt of Transcendence. Once this is done, you'll be able to take advantage of my Royal Zinger powers as my representative."

"Second is my Tertiary Nature," Inala pointed at himself, "I would have to build it from scratch and make it complimentary to my current set of abilities."

"Do you really want me to become a Zinger?" Wittral sighed, "I'm…proud to be an Empyrean Snapper."

"I know," Inala nodded, "So I'm not going to force anything on you. All I'm saying is that if you want it, I have a path prepared for you."

He pointed at his chest, "Thumping here is your heart, and in you exists mine. So, if anyone can become my representative, it's you."

"I got it," Wittral let out a mild sigh before nodding firmly, "I'll become a Zinger then. But, will I be stronger or weaker than my present self?"

"In terms of personal strength, you'll more or less be the same." Inala said, "The only thing that will change is that you'll be in charge of the Quip Clan. And you have two options now."

Inala lifted his index finger, "First, you'll remain a Pranic Beast and retain all the advantages of one."

He then lifted his middle finger, "Second, you'll become a Clansman who needs to expend Prana to take on a Pranic Beast form, but the advantage is that you can cultivate through the Life Stage."

"Life Stage?" Wittral expressed his shock, "Isn't that incomparably better? I'll be able to grow to a level of strength unlike anyone has ever seen."

"Honestly, I can't say which option will be a better choice." Inala smiled wryly, "In your current state, you can be a Pranic Beast for as long as you want, since that's your natural state. It's the same for your human form too. But once you take the second option, you'll be expending Prana to maintain your Pranic Beast form."

"For short durations, you'll be stronger with option two, but your weakness will become obvious in endurance-related battles." He laid out the pros and cons of both the choices, "So, I want you to make the decision, since it's related to your growth."

"How long do I have to decide?" Wittral asked next.

"Years," Inala said, "I'll have to first produce a piece of Sumatra Gold in my Mystic Grade Royal Zinger heart to aid your race change."

"Got it," Wittral nodded, "I'll give some thought to it."

Primary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

Secondary Nature—Empyrean Mist Deity!

Tertiary Nature—Subtle Imprison!

There was no weakness in his current power. Wittral was pretty much an unstoppable entity. Upon attaining maturity, he'd easily outclass Raaha and Geugeu, the strongest powerhouses of the Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan respectively.

If there was anything that Wittral could assume to be lacking, it is the fact that he was an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Basically, he'd be unable to become a Transcendent, irrespective of how strong he was.

If he were to possess the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, then it was possible. But considering his age, that option was no longer feasible.

Inala was guaranteed to become a Transcendent, since he could remain as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast for as long as he wanted—by not consuming any of his Prana. Once he reaches the limit of his growth in this form, he can summon a Bolt of Transcendence and become a Transcendent.

Wittral wanted to accompany Inala to the Transcendent World. The only way that could be done would be to become a Quip Clansman who can transform into a Pranic Beast, the same as Mammoth Clansmen.

But Wittral felt averse to that, since he was a Pranic Beast. He lived and breathed as a Pranic Beast in his natural state. Whether it was Royalty from before or his current Secondary Nature of Empyrean Mist Deity, both allowed Wittral to remain in his human form or Pranic Beast form as his natural state.

He didn't wish to lose that aspect, no matter what. Upon reaching that line of thought, Wittral approached a sleeping Inala, "Wake up, Ami…Inala!"

"Eh?" Inala had fallen asleep by then, a bit groggy since he had been exhausted by the series of battles leading up to him becoming a Royal Zinger, borne by both his bodies until then.

"Are you planning to get Cultivator?" Wittral asked, "With your age, wouldn't that be tough too?"

"It'll be tough, but my chances aren't zero yet." Inala massaged his eyebags and spoke.

"Wouldn't it be the same for me too?" Wittral titled his head, "Then can't we aim for Cultivator at the same time?"

"Do you wish to remain a Pranic Beast?" Inala asked, understanding upon seeing Wittral nod in response, "Alright, then I'll make changes accordingly."

"The resources for all our plans and options are available in one place anyway. So we can decide once we get there." Inala concluded.

"Where exactly is that?" Wittral wanted to know if such a mystical place could exist that would grant them everything necessary for Inala's grand plans.

"Yup, and you know that place." Inala smiled.

"Where is it?" Wittral frowned when Inala didn't reply. Mildly pissed, he observed the world outside, eyes widening in shock upon seeing the route taken by the Biome Bomb, seeing large traces left on the ground by the movement of a group of Empyrean Snappers, "Aren't we heading in the direction of the Dralh Sea?"

"Bingo!" Inala laughed, "Our destination is there, at the heart of that region."

"Wait a second…seriously? There's a path there? Are you sure you're not insane? That's a death sentence, even for us!" Wittral stammered in shock, "A-Abyss Fall? We're entering it?"

"Yup." Inala grinned.



