Chapter 161 Iron Empyrean Tentacle’s Power

"What do you wish to do, Yennda?" Orakha asked once he was revived for the third time.

"I…don't know." Yennda said, drooping in sadness, "Whatever I planned for has failed. Now, I'm simply Blola's slave. I have no future."

"I see," Muttering as such, Orakha walked away. Arriving behind a large boulder, he watched an energy barrier erect around themselves and spoke, "Chief, as long as his body absorbs enough blood of an Empyrean Tusk, he'll become one too."

"Does that apply to everyone with the Fragment Disease?" Raaha asked.

"No," Orakha shook his head, "Based on what I absorbed this time, it seems only us seven are eligible for that."

"Alright, go find out more." Saying so, Raaha vaporised Orakha.

Coded within the Transcendent Eater was information about all seven Death Row students. And this information was being updated in real-time through Renduldu's power infused within it.

Blola's Spirit Container was the baby Empyrean Tusk he had killed and absorbed the heart of. The Transcendent Eater had used that as its pot to take root and grow within, gradually filling up the container.

Therefore, present within the container was the essence of both an Empyrean Tusk and Transcendent Eater. While Orakha's body was being constructed, his Fragment Disease harnessed the Empyrean Tusk essence naturally.

And while it flowed into his body, it also tugged part of the Transcendent Eater essence into him. Present in the Transcendent Eater essence was the coded data. As Orakha absorbed it, he gained information gathered by Resha and the reincarnates.

Yennda couldn't do so since his Fragment Disease was at its weakest. He had given birth to a baby Empyrean Tusk after all. Therefore, the path Gannala established in him had already been transferred to baby Harrala.

As a result, Yennda caused no reaction in the Empyrean Tusk essence.

Originally, Yennda's situation was supposed to be the case for everyone. Despite the danger involved, all reincarnates knew better to survive and accumulate strength strategically. Even if they died, it would only be after they had attained the Body Stage at the very least.

By then, they all would have a child or two and the paths in them would have moved into their children. Even Renduldu assumed that to be the case.

But as a regressor, Resha's actions could no longer be predicted. And when he killed Orakha, things went out of plan right then and there.

And now, Orakha was at the Spirit Stage. His Fragment Disease was at its full power, not to mention the path in him being the second strongest among the seven. As a result, his presence instinctively called forth the Empyrean Tusk essence within the Transcendent Eater.

Most of all, he died on the first day, the day when the souls of all reincarnates had surfaced as a result of Renduldu's power.

Therefore, when he was being revived, Orakha's body was being built in the same state as his death. That state also included Renduldu's power which affected him at the time.

As a result, every time he revived, Orakha absorbed the essence of the powers dominant in the Transcendent Eater—Empyrean Tusk, Renduldu, and Transcendent Eater.

Upon activating his Mystic Bone Art, the absorbed essences fused into his body, gradually causing his Prana levels to increase. By his twentieth revival, Orakha reached the peak of the Spirit Stage and fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a singular whole.

Raaha killed him right after.

The Transcendent Eater began to revive him immediately. This time, he was being built at a cultivation level that had just entered the Body Stage, but with an empty Spirit Container.

To truly enter the Body Stage, he would have to fuse with a Pranic Beast egg. Orakha wished to experiment and see if it was possible.

After all, Resha gained the cure in that state within Gannala's heart by absorbing her essence nonstop. Even without fusing with a Pranic Beast egg, he gained an Empyrean Tusk's power.

A baby was birthed in a woman. It was a result of the condensation of genetics, lifeforce, and resources. For a Pranic Beast or cultivator, Prana too was condensed in the womb.

When Resha was absorbing Gannala's essence, his empty Spirit Container acted as that womb. Eventually, as enough of her lifeforce, Prana, genetics, and resources condensed in it, a life was formed. And this life fused directly with the Spirit Container it formed within.

Orakha was attempting the same this time. And, he planned to die and revive until a life begins to grow in his empty Spirit Container and end up fusing with it. That was the smartest way to obtain a strong power.

After all, within the Transcendent Eater were the powers of an Empyrean Tusk, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, and a Transcendent Eater—Gold Grade, Mystic Grade, and Transcendence respectively.

Blola was too stupid to even understand the wealth in his possession, and neither did he have the means to take advantage of it. Hence, through Raaha, Orakha took them upon himself, treating Blola simply as his revival device.

Technically, Orakha couldn't harm Blola. Just because of this one reason, Blola didn't care about whatever Orakha did, blindly listening to whatever Raaha ordered him to do.

When he revived the 21st time, Orakha smiled, having obtained a Nature. By remaining in an extreme situation—doing nothing but die, absorbing information while being revived, and reviving in a loop—for more than a year, Orakha finally obtained a Nature.

Secondary Nature—Daily Checkpoint!

It took him twenty days to revive. And it was currently his 21st revival. Therefore, he had spent more than enough duration in the same situation to end up obtaining a Nature.

Daily Checkpoint was the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature. The power currently was in the Boar King's possession.

Renduldu was originally an Iron Empyrean Tentacle before he evolved into a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Therefore, by absorbing enough of his essence, Orakha had obtained this power.

But, there was one absolute law to be noted here. In Sumatra Continent, the Empyrean Tentacle was its blessed race. And the powers of the Empyrean Tentacle could only exist as a single copy.

Raaha had fused with a Gold Empyrean Tentacle, gaining its power of Thought Condensation. Yahard Tusk fused with a Silver Empyrean Tentacle, gaining its power of Prana Solidification. And finally, to prevent the arrival of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, the Boar King swallowed an Iron Empyrean Tentacle soon after becoming the Boar King.

Rather, it was his first priority, hence preventing the birth of his strongest competitor. As long as he held onto its power, an Iron Empyrean Tentacle wouldn't be born on Sumatra. As a result, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle will never appear.

But now that Orakha gained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power, there was a clash. In Sumatra's rules, there could only be one of it. As a result, when the rules took effect, they observed the source through which Orakha and the Boar King gained the power.

The Boar King devoured an Iron Empyrean Tentacle while Orakha gained it from Renduldu's essence. Since a Transcendent was involved, Sumatra Continent's cause and effect contacted Renduldu in a Transcendent World, since he was part of its blessed race.

An instant later, the Boar King's howls echoed throughout Varahan Enclave as he lost the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power.



Chapter 162 Compound Human Avatar

"How…what just happened?" The Boar King was in a state of fluster upon seeing the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Nature disappear from his Astral Chart. 'Is it about to revive?'

"Did something happen?" Yarsha Zahara asked in concern.

"I lost the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power." The Boar King explained the details, "I was saving it to prevent the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle's birth. But somehow, it disappeared from my Astral Chart."

While the concerned duo were butting heads about the cause, Orakha was jubilant, 'It's a success!'

Daily Checkpoint was a power that had an effect for a day. Orakha could select a location and place a checkpoint there. After that, as long as he's killed within the next 24 hours, he would revive at the checkpoint.

And while reviving, he could pick any state of being he was at during the 24 hours to revive. Maybe if he consumed a valuable Elixir, he could kill himself while fleeing and revive in a state of being where he had just consumed the Elixir.

Even though the effects lasted only for 24 hours, it was a valuable ability. Moreover, once the duration ends, Orakha could activate it once again.

It was also this ability that Renduldu fused with Prana Solidification and Thought Condensation to derive his future sight ability upon becoming a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

Orakha approached the location behind the boulder and spoke to Raaha, "Chief, I obtained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power as my Secondary Nature."

"You did?" Raaha's eyes lit up before he roared in laughter, "That's great! It's worth the time spent here!"

He knew about Sumatra Continent's bias towards the Empyrean Tentacles. The fact that Orakha obtained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power meant the Boar King lost it.

This also meant that currently, the Mammoth Clan held all three powers of the Empyrean Tentacle Race.

'As long as we take caution, we can pass on the powers of the Empyrean Tentacle through the Mammoth Clan generation after generation.' Raaha thought. He didn't just blindly believe it to be the case.

Rather, the Mammoth Clan possessed records left behind by Renduldu detailing the workings of the Empyrean Tentacle race. Through it, Raaha could take measures to ensure the Mammoth Clan would possess the powers of all three Empyrean Tentacles.

And if the need arises, they could work on the birth of a Mystic Tentacle. The initiative lay with them from henceforth.

He patted Orakha on the shoulder and disintegrated him, "Continue whatever you're doing."

While Orakha continued to die and revive, Yennda was sent to the Ennoudu Plains to live on a diet of Spirit Moss alone. He was accompanied by a team of talented Mammoth Clansmen, all of whom were evaluated to have enough potential to become masters in the future.

The goal of them all was to gain the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator. Since Raaha knew the value of that Nature, he had no plans to leave it be. Hence, he had already set things in motion.

Besides that, a panel had been established to research the environmental conditions in various regions along their route that could nurture a Nature in them, planning to use them to strengthen the Mammoth Clan by a whole other level.

Yennda was simply made to accompany the team already en route to Ennoudu Plains. Besides, if the team were to encounter any mishaps, Blola could revive Yennda. They'll be able to figure out the cause through him then.

Yes, that was Yennda's purpose. Since he lost his value, Raaha planned to use Yennda as a tester, the first one to be sacrificed to figure out the danger level of any place.

In his 45th Revival, Orakha sat cross-legged on the ground as he felt the changes in his body. Slowly, his eyes shot open as he smiled. He had officially entered the Body Stage.

Tertiary Nature—Mystic Eater!

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

Mystic Eater was a derivative of a Transcendent Eater, limited to devouring resources, specifically the minerals necessary to build a Human Avatar.

Mystic Eater wasn't just limited to devouring resources. Rather, the moment Orakha devours a mineral resource through it, he'll instantly obtain the cultivation technique necessary to build the mineral into his Human Avatar. And this change would be done to his Mystic Bone Art.

Yes, Orakha was taking a Free Human's cultivation route while remaining a Mammoth Clansman. That was achieved through his Primary Nature of Human Avatar.

While he continued to die and revive, the various essences were absorbed in his body. Eventually, they condensed in his Spirit Container to birth another him, basically a mutated Pranic Beast version of himself that mimicked a Free Human.

But for a Free Human, the Primary Nature they obtained was based on the mineral used to build their Human Avatar. Orakha's was a bit different.

Through Mystic Eater, Orakha could consume any resource of his desire and incorporate it into his Human Avatar. His Mystic Bone Art would be modified accordingly.

And since his Primary Nature was the Human Avatar, he could rebuild his Human Avatar as he pleased, in conjunction with his Mystic Eater.

Suppose he chances upon a valuable mineral in the future, but by then, he's already at the 4-Life Stage. Then through Mystic Eater, he would devour the mineral. Following that, Mystic Eater would modify his Mystic Bone Art accordingly to integrate the mineral into his Human Avatar.

Thereby, he would split the mineral into four parts and integrate them into his four Human Avatars respectively. Moreover, if he chances upon more of the mineral in the future, he could modify his Human Avatar further.

And if he feels the current version is weaker, he could remove some minerals, make the necessary modifications, and change his power. For other Free Humans, this wasn't possible.

It took them a lifetime just to create a cultivation technique and generations upon generations to refine and increase its efficiency, eventually raising its Grade.

They'll have to carefully build their Human Avatar according to the cultivation technique, keeping the mineral pure. If their cultivation technique doesn't allow other minerals, having a purity of less than 100 percent could cause their Human Avatar to collapse. It was risky.

Thanks to his Primary and Tertiary Natures, Orakha would become the first in Sumatra to build a compound Human Avatar, able to optimise the effect according to his wishes until the power he could unleash surpasses what the strongest of pure mineral Human Avatars could unleash.

Since he succeeded, Orakha approached Raaha and bowed in response, "Chief, I have hit the limit to the information I can obtain from the Transcendent Eater. If I try to gain any more, the Transcendent Eater's will would start growing."

"Record everything in this." Saying so, Raaha pointed at a massive Bone Slip.

Nodding in response, Orakha recorded everything he wished to convey to Raaha, withholding sensitive information that only Resha and the reincarnates ought to know.

Raaha accessed the information in the Bone Slip and frowned in response, "The Boar King's planning to create his Clansmen?"

"That's worrying."



Chapter 163 Orakha Leaves for Brimgan Empire

"Who came to know this information?" Raaha asked.

"Inala," Orakha said, "He's currently living in a region blocked from the rest of Sumatra by a Mudropper's powers."

"A Mudropper?" Raaha was stunned, "There's still a Mudropper in Sumatra?"

"Yes," Orakha nodded, "In the region it created, there exist four other Silver Grade Pranic Beasts: Rockatrice, Carcass Snail, Rooted Clam, and a Boutique Lizard. There's also an offshoot of the Brimgan Empire living there. They call themselves the Ganrimb Kingdom."

"Currently, all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts are in the process of creating a Ravaged Tribe. Seeing their actions was what inspired the Boar King to create his Clansmen." Orakha sighed.

Honestly, he wished to know more about Inala upon knowing the influence he had on the Boar King. But there was a limit to what he could find out from the database. All core information regarding Resha and the reincarnates was heavily protected.

Had he tried to access them, the Transcendent Eater's will would have surfaced, putting an end to his plans. Hence, he didn't disturb them and only absorbed the information he could obtain without consequences.

Even that was a lot, allowing him to know what the Resha and the reincarnates were up to. After explaining everything he wanted, Orakha said, "Chief, there's a problem with Blola."

"I know," Raaha said, "I have been observing him all along. So, I have an idea already."

The Transcendent Eater's revival wasn't without limits. The stronger the revival target, the greater the strain it endured. There's a strong chance of it wilting after reviving the current Resha once.

In terms of Grade, Resha was at the Expert Gold Grade while the Transcendent Eater was at the Beginner Gold Grade. In terms of cultivation, Blola was currently at the peak of the Body Stage while Resha was only around eighty percent into the Body Stage.

But the moment Resha's cultivation reaches equal to Blola or surpasses him, reviving him wouldn't be possible. This was the first limitation.

The second limitation stemmed from Blola himself. As the months passed, his mind was gradually being assimilated by the Transcendent Eater.

As long as it had taken root, the Transcendent Eater was capable of growing on its own. If it was allowed to develop freely, it would breeze through the cultivation ranks at the Life Stage.

The stronger it got, the faster it would devour Blola's mind. Hence, Renduldu added a restriction, stopping its growth at the peak of the Body Stage.

Only when Blola's mind develops enough to suppress and overcome it would he be able to cultivate into the 2-Life Stage. But the current Blola showed no signs of that. He was already losing to the Transcendent Eater.

Therefore, at this pace, forget cultivating to higher stages, Blola would continue weakening until the Transcendent Eater devours his mind. Once it becomes free, it would take root and blaze through the cultivation ranks and reach the 10-Life Stage.

It will then reach the Transcendence Stage and leave Sumatra Continent. And before that, it would wreak havoc through the Mammoth Clan.

If they don't do something, this is bound to happen. Hence, Blola needs to be trained enough so that he picks up the slack and wins the battle of the mind.

"It's impossible to erase the Transcendent Eater's will. I tried and failed." Raaha said, "A mysterious power is preventing it from being erased. This feels similar to how Sumatra Continent guards the power of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles. So, the only option we have left is to train Blola."

"Yes, Chief." Orakha nodded, "At this pace, Blola will become useless once the six of us reach the Life Stage. He would become incapable of reviving us. I don't know the full story, but from what I found out, Gannala created us seven with two goals in mind."

"First is to complete the route to the Mystic Grade. And second is to kill the Boar King." He continued, "And the only one who knows the entire truth regarding both plans is Inala. It seems he inherited that information from Gannala. Moreover, his daughter is Gannala's successor. So, it's mandatory to meet with them as soon as possible."

"Hmm…Ganrimb Kingdom…" Raaha muttered, "It's not anywhere close to our new route. And even if we were to send a team, Inala might be gone by the time they reach the Ganrimb Kingdom. Our paths coincide at the Brimgan Empire, so it's best to wait until then."

"I wish to go there early, Chief." Orakha bowed, "My cultivation requires mineral resources, which isn't found in our Settlement. By heading to the Brimgan Empire, I can gain the various resources in their possession to create the strongest Human Avatar. Moreover, with my abilities, I can serve as a communication point between us."

Once he heads to the Brimgan Empire and meets Inala, Orakha could commit suicide when the situation deemed necessary and be revived by Blola, communicating with the Mammoth Clan. Moreover, if Blola were to improve by then and improve his cultivation to the Life Stage, he might be able to revive Orakha within a day.

As long as that was possible, Orakha could place a checkpoint at the Brimgan Empire, die, get revived by Blola, communicate with the Mammoth Clan, die, and revive at the Checkpoint. It would allow the Mammoth Clan to keep tabs on the Brimgan Empire from far away.

That was a solid proposition, since the Brimgan Empire was one of the strongest human civilisations in Sumatra.

Moreover, with his Human Avatar, as long as Orakha keeps it active, his presence would be that of a Free Human and not a Mammoth Clansman, the perfect disguise to remain active in a place like the Brimgan Empire filled with powerhouses.

"Chief, I promise to accumulate a large wealth for the Clan by the time the herd reaches the Brimgan Empire." Seeing that Raaha wasn't fully convinced, Orakha said in a hurry.

"How much are we talking?" Raaha raised an eyebrow, his interest piqued.

"The Mammoth Clan's annual budget," Orakha said.

"If you are boasting without substance…" Raaha turned mildly serious. Orakha didn't promise to accumulate a year's worth of his Settlement's budget, but the entire Mammoth Clan's. That implied he would amass a wealth worth the annual budget of the entire Mammoth Clan, stretching across 104 Settlements. That was an exorbitant sum. And he promised to accumulate that within 17 years, for that was when the Empyrean Tusk herd would reach the Brimgan Empire.

"I'm confident," Orakha patted his chest, "With my current abilities, I'm not boasting. And, if I were to fail, I'd commit suicide and return to the Clan and find another way to contribute."

"Alright, don't waste the chance," Raaha said and brought Orakha and Blola to the herd. He then bestowed a Storage Lantern to Orakha and sent him away to the Brimgan Empire.

'Alright!' Once he was far away from the herd, Orakha posed in victory, 'I'll create a strong force in the Brimgan Empire. Once it's time to fight for the Attribute, I'll use my power to get it first.'

Currently, he was the most free unit in Sumatra. Despite being a Mammoth Clansman, he could survive without any reliance on an Empyrean Tusk. With his abilities, he could wander the Sumatra Continent, collect resources as he pleased, and build his strength, facing no limitations whatsoever.

Whether the Mammoth Clan was annihilated by the Boar King or not wasn't his concern. Either way, he could freely mingle around as a Free Human. The reason he didn't cut off his connection to the Mammoth Clan was because it was profitable.

On Earth, he was a merchant. Hence, he knew it best to take advantage of a complex situation. Besides, now that he could revive, both through his Secondary Nature and through Blola, he didn't fear death, allowing him to enact the most daring of plans.

"I'll be the one to get all four Major Treasures!"



Chapter 164 Theatre Owner Inala

Ellora Trade City!

The street adjacent to the main road, renamed the Theatre Street was bustling with activity, a sharp contrast from three years ago when it was a narrow street with hardly any human activity.

Luxurious carriages arrived on the Theatre Street as poshly dressed men and women got down one after another. There was a queue of uniformed youths, the staff of the place. They offered valet services, bringing the carriages to a parking lot.

When the place was originally a shopping street, the road was narrow. The buildings too were arranged in a haphazard manner. But now, all of them had been demolished. And standing in their place was a ten-storey building, with each floor serving as a theatre.

On the ground floor were artists of small, but decently recognised troupes. They performed to smaller audiences. The higher the floor, the greater the troupe's renown, and so were the customers visiting to watch their plays.

There was an open ground on the end of Theatre Street where people performed unofficially to entertain crowds with little to no money. If anyone gains renown from there, they would eventually be asked to perform on the ground floor of the Theatre.

The Theatre didn't have any name, for it was the first of its kind. The owner even purchased sole rights of ownership for the name and form of establishment.

The nobility all made their way to the topmost floor which was gargantuan in size, for the entire floor was a single theatre room.

The cheapest ticket here cost 40,000 Pella. In other words, 1000 Parute Fruits. Despite that, it was a house full, for the event happened only once a month.

Drinks were offered to the seated guests as the curtains were drawn on the stage. The highlights focused on the figure of Inala who bowed at the audience and exclaimed, "It fills my heart with joy to have all the seats filled. Without further ado, I present you today's tale,"

"The Soul Society Arc!"

The claps resounded in full swing as a row of puppets came on the stage. They began to speak, appearing almost real. Sounds accompanied their actions, enhanced by a bunch of puppets who shouted the related sound at regular intervals.

It had been rehearsed plenty of times for the past month, hence the result was perfect. Each puppet was controlled by a Body Stage cultivator, repeating the actions as practiced perfectly. There also existed puppets to unleash the effects of the attacks unleashed by the characters on stage.

Standing backstage and observing the play proceed successfully, Inala smirked, 'I'll be making a lot of money today too.'

Today's play was a perfect rip-off of the anime, Bleach. One of its best arcs, the Soul Society Arc was being enacted today. Of course, Inala had to make a lot of changes to the original story to make it perfect for theatre.

The play would span a total of six hours, with an hour's break in the middle. Therefore, it was more concise. Hearing the cheers, bouts of shock, and surprise from the crowd, Inala felt proud. It had taken him three years to reach this point.

After making Maharell sign that unfavourable contract, Inala opened his Comedy Troupe, advertising it to the customers of Maharell Wares and Services. While the latter hesitated to take action, Inala procured a decent crowd.

It was soon a big hit as more and more customers came, oftentimes beyond their seating capacity. At that time, the shop owners of the narrow street joined hands with Inala to create a larger venue.

Moreover, Inala vowed to help them all accordingly, promising them cultivation resources. But, the shop owners refused and instead asked him to take care of their relatives who were struggling to make a living in different parts of the Kingdom.

Only their direct family that was part of the gang was annihilated. They still had family relations outside. Of course, Inala was happy to get the extra hands, since that would free up his schedule too.

Once they arrived, Inala selected the talented ones among them and fed them a Low-Grade Elixir each, bringing them to the Body Stage. And the mineral he selected for them to fuse with was the Kirenal.

It was a material that upon fusing with the Spirit Container improved the cultivator's strength and control of their psychokinesis. That was its only function. It didn't increase one's lifespan. It was simply a material equivalent to a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

Moreover, upon reaching the peak of the Body Stage, a cultivator that created a Human Avatar out of Kirenal would only have 160 Prana. It wasn't valuable at all. Anyone worth their salt chose some other mineral to have a future.

Which was exactly why Inala picked it. The reason was simple. Control over psychokinesis was exactly what he needed here, since he wanted them to control puppets.

Following that, Inala modified the Iron Kinesis Art, the cultivation technique practiced by those who intended to make a Human Avatar out of Kirenal. This cultivation technique was the weakest of them all and seldom used, hence dirt cheap to procure.

Through the Mystic Skill Creator, Inala used his inspirations from the Puppetry Skill to modify the Iron Kinesis Art, making it more geared to controlling Spirit Weapons, especially puppets.

He then created a watered-down version of his Puppetry Skill, one that could be activated through the Iron Kinesis Art, teaching both to the people who served him.

Following that, Inala created more Skills to be used for the Iron Kinesis Art, with each geared towards a certain character.

For example, he created a Naruto Puppet Skill. The one that trains this Skill would be able to control a puppet looking just like Naruto and make it talk, behave, run, and fight like Naruto—Skills exclusively for characters.

Depending on the popularity of the characters, the puppet skills of the respective characters were priced accordingly. Once Inala publicised the modified Iron Kinesis Art, the lowest rungs of society that wanted to gain fame but were unable to do so jumped at the offer.

Inala trained another batch of people who were focused on building puppets. The ones that wished to have a troupe and perform at a theatre learnt the Iron Kinesis Art, purchased a Character Puppet Skill, and bought the respective Puppet.

They then performed it in the open ground at the end of Theatre Street. And those that gained fame moved into the Theatre to perform, creating a market of talent.

Eventually, Inala could simply pick the cream of the crop to perform at his theatre, earning money without lifting a finger. He had become a Theatre Owner.



Chapter 165 Three Reasons to Succeed

It wasn't easy to reach this point. But, there were three primary reasons for Inala's success.

The first reason was his field of business. It was in Theatre, a brand-new field that had cropped up. Since Inala possessed the sole ownership of this type of trade, nothing could be done about it. This trade didn't conflict with the merchants that had shops on the main road.

Moreover, since there existed only one Theatre throughout the Ganrimb Kingdom, people from all over the region came to watch the plays, raising the tourism sector of Ellora City. All the major merchants directly profited from this.

And as they say, 'A merchant would love you as long as you make him money.'

Through Inala, their profit margin had increased a lot. So, they couldn't make any complaints. No matter his character, a merchant was honest in his desire for money.

This also directly resulted in the second reason.

After making Maharell sign the unfavourable contract, Inala didn't stop at that. Since he had beaten Maharell with the stick, it was time to dangle the carrot before him.

As the Theater's fame increased, so did the demand for theatre-related merchandise, as Inala had extensively promoted them by integrating them into his plays. Plushies, lockets, posters, etc. Inala signed a deal with Maharell.

Maharell Wares and Services would sell the merch. And by paying a lumpsum, Maharell purchased exclusive rights to sell all merch related to Inala's first major theatre production, Tom and Jerry.

As a result, his customer traffic ballooned in response. The greater the play's fame, the stronger the people's desire to buy the related merch. Maharell was minting so much money that despite losing a couple decades' worth of lifespan to Inala, he had forgotten about it altogether, having been smiling all day, every day.

Seeing Maharell's success caused the other big merchants to go green with envy. Originally, they planned to group up and deal with Inala to curb his business. But now, upon seeing the business opportunity, they rushed to him, fighting amongst themselves to purchase exclusive merchandise rights for other plays.

That became Inala's chip to control the big merchants, hence accumulating both funds and logistics to accumulate a lot of influence. He also had a thirty percent stake in the factory that made the merchandise.

Basically, he was minting money for free from it. Through his political actions, Inala secured both a source of money and brought the big merchants to his side. Moreover, he was so intrinsic to their massive profits that the big merchants did everything in their power to ensure no external force ever interfered with his plans.

The thirty percent stake might seem like a loss to him at first glance, since it was his intellectual property. But in the eyes of the big merchants, they had a seventy percent stake in the factories. Meaning, they would have to do everything to ensure the business remained profitable.

Hence, they protected their interests, which in turn resulted in Inala's protection. Inala had a thirty percent stake in all merchandise factories, so the revenue he raked in every month was around a quarter million Parute Fruits.

In three years, he became one of the most noteworthy individuals at Ellora Trade City. Moreover, his actions caused the wealth of Ellora City itself to increase, raising the city's standards as compared to other cities.

And the reason he didn't fall prey to someone was the third reason—his mysterious strength. Inala had only fought a few times. But in all instances, he subdued opponents in the Life Stage almost instantly, terrifying the latter.

Losing their senses, Prana, Lifespan, etc. were all terrifying. Therefore, no one dared to touch him, including the truly strong ones, as by the time they learnt of his existence, Inala had already become an untouchable existence. The self-interests of too many big shots became intertwined with him.

"There's two minutes left for the intermission." Inala observed and spoke to a youth at the side, "Ruggu, alert the servants to remain ready. Right as the intermission starts, they are to serve refreshments to the guests. The rest of the staff should be ready to guide the guests to the washroom and recreation area."

The cheapest ticket at the topmost floor cost 1000 Parute. There were six VIP suites reserved for the rich amongst the rich, with each VIP suite costing 40,000 Parute. Even he wondered if such a price was worth it. But every month, all six suites were filled, surprising him, 'I guess in every place, there's the filthy rich with more money than what they know to do with.'

"Yes, Master." Ruggu bowed in response and went ahead to proceed with the plans. He addressed Inala as 'Master,' and was the grandson of Erwahllu's younger sister. Ruggu was the first to join the Theatre and personally received Inala's teachings.

Thanks to Inala's guidance, he reached the 2-Life Stage. Of course, since his Human Avatar was forged using Kirenal, his strength wasn't anything worth commenting about. But, he was rather talented in controlling puppets, currently the most experienced apart from Inala and Asaeya.

He was also the one controlling Ichigo's puppet in the Soul Society Arc play. Soon, half the play was over and it was time for the intermission.

The audience got up and entered a ballroom beside them. It was an open balcony that surrounded the theatre, overlooking the city. The view was pleasant as measures had been taken by the big merchants to decorate the surroundings as much as possible to be aesthetically pleasing.

'It's time to meet them.' Thinking as such, Inala inspected himself, staring at the bracelets on both his hands. The bracelet was an inconspicuous piece of wood embedded with miniature Prana Bombs encased by a layer of wood.

Faint engravings had been added to them to make them look presentable. There was a bracelet on his two hands and similarly designed anklets on his two legs. Strung around his neck like a choker was another similar item.

Their function was simple. It was to absorb any and all traces of Prana he exuded. After all, the moment he does so, any Free Human at the Life Stage would recognise him as a Mammoth Clansman.

Hence, these Prana Bombs would work in fully masking his presence. Inala had perfected them by creating a Skill that assisted their function through the Mystic Skill Creator. It was how he was able to perfectly hide his existence.

When he fought Maharell at the start, Asaeya snuffed out the senses of both Maharell and the head of his guard team that was at the Life Stage. Hence, they were unable to sense his presence as a Mammoth Clansman.

Even now, if he were to control a Spirit Weapon, it would be easy for them to detect his origin, despite the bracelets. They only worked on emissions from his body by absorbing it. To control a Spirit Weapon, he would have to emit Prana past them, which countered their function.

Asaeya and baby Gannala too were equipped with the same.

Despite the bracelets proving their perfect capability every single time, Inala still exercised caution. A single mistake and everything he created would come crashing down, 'Especially since I'm close to finishing my preparations to head to the Brimgan Empire.'

"Master Inala, it's a pleasure to meet you." A couple approached him with wide smiles, making him nervous instinctively, "It's hard to get a hold of a busy man such as you."

"Please, you only need to send word and I would have arrived at your doorstep." Inala flashed an expression of flattery and bowed politely, staring at the faces of the City Lord and his wife. His back was drenched in cold sweat, because, unlike everyone he faced until now, they were true powerhouses, related to the Kingdom's royalty.

In terms of strength, they rivalled a Mammoth Clansmen, especially the City Lord as Inala felt the latter's strength.

8-Life Stage!



Chapter 166 Empyrean Zinger Information Network

Haddlyok, the mineral used by the Ganrimb Kingdom Royalty to forge their avatars. The mineral behaves similarly to ice and can encase everything that comes into contact with it.

Haddlyok is a crystal and has the properties of one. Not only is it tough and hard, but depending on the cultivator's wishes, they could use it to create the mightiest of structures almost instantly or turn it brittle and crumble existing ones.

It can also grow in size by absorbing shock and due to its porous nature, can also act as a selectively permeable membrane depending on the cultivator's wishes. It was versatile in nature with strengths that lay in fighting and kingdom building, the perfect material for the Ganrimb Royalty.

At the peak of the Body Stage, a Ganrimb Royalty would possess 3600 Prana, the peak of the Silver Grade. The lifespan they gained was also the peak of the Silver Grade—600 years.

This was the most powerful mineral in the region, which was what the Ganrimb Kingdom founder decided to use for his descendants. He was the sole exception, cultivating a Human Avatar using a Gold Grade mineral that was used by the Brimgan Empire. He only brought enough for his cultivation.

Ellora City Lord, named Gudora, was part of Ganrimb Kingdom's Royalty. Since he built his Human Avatar using Haddlyok, his battle strength was on par with Mammoth Clan Settlement Leaders.

And considering Inala's infamy in terms of strength, there was a good chance Gudora would ask him to demonstrate his strength. After all, Inala suddenly appeared three years ago and took Ellora City by storm.

Therefore, when Gudora investigated Inala, nothing concrete turned up in the report. It was why Inala was nervous in their interaction.

"Hahaha! You're too humble, Master Inala." Gudora laughed and casually pat Inala on the back, "I'm enjoying the play. I never knew I needed something like this in my life, but now that I experienced it, I cannot go back."

"I will take pride in your compliment," Inala replied, all while trying his best to observe the body language of both the City Lord and his wife. He would die the moment his identity was revealed. Therefore, he had to exercise the utmost caution.

"I'll not take too much of your time." Gudora linked hands with his wife and walked away, "We'll socialise a bit and then return to our seats."

"If you need anything, I'll be right within earshot. Please summon me." Inala said and watched the duo walk away.

"Master Inala, the performance was incredible. I'm looking forward to the second half." A noble approached Inala next to offer praise.

"I'm grateful that you're enjoying it," Inala said.

"I noticed something," The noble said after a round of dialogue, "Sometimes, the effects were too colourful. It became a bit hard to see the characters through that."

"I'll take note of it and correct them, sir," Inala responded like clockwork. Some suggestions were genuine while the rest were nonsense, said for no other reason than to nitpick on something. He was careful in filtering through the responses.

The break ended quickly as the audience returned to their seats. Inala arrived at his spot backstage and continued to observe the play, ready to take the reins the moment any mishap happened. Thankfully, the play concluded successfully.

Inala stood at the exit and greeted the leaving customers while receiving their reviews of the play.

"I loved it."

"I want to watch it again."

"We'll host it again four months later. Please look forward to it." Inala responded politely.

"It was enjoyable, Master Inala." Gudora was the last to leave, saying as he handed over a letter, "I'll be hosting a secret meeting for the city's higher officials two days from now. I'm expecting your presence there."

"I'll be there on time, City Lord." Inala nodded, sighing in relief once everyone left. He slumped on one of the seats and waved his hand weakly at the staff, "Good work folks."

"It's all thanks to your guidance, Master!" The staff replied in joy. Since the play was a success, they'll be receiving part of the profits apart from their salaries, a joyous occasion for them indeed.

Inala closed his eyes, looking like he was resting due to the day's exhaustion. In truth, he was listening silently, having extended his Prana through the floor. Seated there was an Empyrean Zinger Scout in its miniature form.

It was present in a node of tunnels that stretched throughout the Theatre. Faint cries echoed through the tunnel network as this Empyrean Zinger Scout received them.

Inala read its memories, using that to learn everything that was happening at the Theatre to have a solid grasp on things. At present, this network stretched across the entire Theare Street, allowing Inala to react immediately in response to any situation.

[Focus on Gudora and his wife.]

The words appeared in a Bone Slip that the Empyrean Zinger Scout carried on itself, knowing Inala's thoughts by accessing it. It then let out a chirp and transmitted the information throughout the network.

Soon, the conversation shared between Gudora and his wife, Hanya reached Inala. There were tiny holes present throughout the Theatre, all pin-sized. Affixing their ears in these holes were the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in their miniature forms.

Since they weren't using any abilities, they didn't emit any Prana, keeping their existence hidden. Sensory means in Sumatra were weak. Only when the target emitted something, whether it be Prana, killing intent or presence would a person sense their existence. It wasn't possible otherwise.

The usual way one kept note of their surroundings was to disperse their Prana around themselves in a small radius. This way, the moment any foreign entity entered the region, their Prana would react accordingly. They would feel a prickling sensation on their skin in response.

The location and intensity of the prickle determined the position and power of the target that had intruded upon this range.

As the Theatre wasn't a battlefield, all the customers refrained from releasing their Prana, which made it easy to spy on their activity. Otherwise, the moment they released their Prana, they might detect the existence of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts throughout the Theatre.

It was why Inala took special caution to ensure everything functioned seamlessly to avoid agitating the customers. And finally, his efforts paid off, for he was invited by the City Lord for a secret meeting.

But to ensure his identity wasn't leaked and to know beforehand the details of the meeting, Inala spied upon Gudora and Hanya.

Walking through the hallway, their arms interlinked were the concerned duo. Staring at scenic poses of popular plays inscribed throughout the hallway to make it into a gallery of fame, Gudora commented, "Looks great."

"Yes, but," Hanya frowned, "I have been observing him from the start. Despite his contribution and the positive impact he has on our City, even after hearing the praises sung by his people,"

"I have yet to find a single reason that proves his trustworthiness."



Chapter 167 A Failed Scouting Mission

"Not here, Hanya." Gudora calmly eyed the people around them, "We'll discuss it once we return home."

"Okay," Hanya nodded and remained silent for the rest of the journey.

Seated in the theatre room, Inala's eyes shot up in disappointment, 'They didn't say much.'

'Do I do it, or not?' After a moment of hesitation, he decided to take the risk, 'If it's a trap, I'll be inviting myself to death in two days. I can't avoid the risk this time.'

Thinking as such, he gave a command to the Empyrean Zinger Scout which relayed the message with a short screech through the tunnel network.

At the terrace of the Theatre was an open pipe. Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts crawled out and leaped like a pair of leeches, covering long distances with every jump by harnessing their Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

They stopped at the edge of the roof and observed the figures of Gudora and Hanya entering their carriage. Once the carriage started to move, the two scouts jumped down from the edge of the roof and spread their wings to glide around.

They flew in their miniature forms, not emitting any Prana as all they did was glide around using their physical prowess. They circled in the air to keep pace with the slow-moving carriage, creating distance between each other.

The goal was to sneak into the City Lord's house and inspect the layout beforehand so that Inala could prepare. While the two scouts tailed the City Lord's carriage, a dozen more scouts exited the pipe.

They glided over the city at a high altitude and quickly dropped onto the terrace of the houses at farther locations, one per each. They were creating a line of communication for message transfer.

After all, there was a solid chance the scouts tailing the City Lord would only have one opportunity. Therefore, their mission was to find out everything they could and transmit all the information through a shout.

This communication line formed by the Empyrean Zinger Scouts would relay the message to Inala.

While the carriage continued to move slowly, the scouts had already established their line of communication, reaching the entrance of the City Lord's estate.

The two scouts continued to circle around on either side of the carriage, keeping their distance. But when the carriage made a turn, the scout on the left came between the carriage and the sun.

As a result, its shadow was cast on the carriage window. It was only a small dot, due to diffraction of light, but Gudora noticed it, as the shadow was cast from an unnatural angle—from a height beyond the buildings on the street.

'Is it an attack?' In reflex, he pointed his palm out of the carriage window and unleashed a glitter mist that slammed into the Empyrean Zinger Scout like a ray, encasing it in a layer of crystal. The scout was trapped, unable to move as it began to fall to the ground.

If it tried to break free, the commotion would cause its Prana to billow out, revealing its identity. Even though it was a scout, it was still a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, one that had been growing for more than a year.

Its strength wasn't insignificant. Knowing that revealing its existence would offset all of Inala's plans, the Empyrean Zinger Scout collapsed its Internal Inertial Gravity, causing a controlled singularity.

The gravitational flux pulled its body towards the centre while not affecting the crystal around it. In an instant, the Empyrean Zinger Scout's body shrunk into a speck of dirt too small to be visible to the naked eye, erasing all traces of its existence, for it was now dead.

The carriage arrived at a halt as Gudora jumped out and stared at the crystal that fell onto the roof of a nearby building. Followed by a leap, he arrived at the terrace and picked up the crystal, one that was almost spherical in shape.

Originally, it formed the Empyrean Zinger Scout's shape, for it had layered the scout's body. But once the scout's body shrunk into a dot, the absolute loss in pressure deformed the crystal's shape, for everything happened before it had fully solidified.

As a result, it was almost spherical. Gudora frowned as he observed it, 'Why is there nothing inside?'

He bent down to pick it up, surprised to grunt in response, "Why is it so heavy?"

Since the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity vanished, the resultant speck that the Empyrean Zinger Scout had become held its entire body weight. That was a significant amount, puzzling Gudora.

He observed the crystal from all angles and failed to notice anything inside. But the strangeness of its intense weight puzzled him, "This needs to be looked into."

He gazed around, failing to notice anything else that was amiss…

Thud!

There was a loud sound, akin to a meteor slamming into the ground. The roof of the house nearby collapsed in response, followed by screams from within.

Gudora leaped into the house and noticed a crater on the floor, one that was almost a metre wide and a dozen centimetres deep. He stared inside and failed to see anything, 'There's nothing inside.'

He then observed the people in the house, asking, "Is anyone hurt?"

"N-No, City Lord." The man of the household shook his head. "The ceiling caved in suddenly and frightened us."

"Did you see anything?" Gudora asked next.

"No," The man expressed his confusion, "It felt like something heavy slammed into the ground. But I didn't see anything."

"Hmm…" Gudora placed his hand in the crater and felt around, still unable to make out anything of notice. He got up and erected a dome around the crater, addressing the people at the house, "No one is to touch this, alright?"

"I'll send someone to look into this later."

"Yes, City Lord." The people in the house accepted without any complaints.

"This is very strange," Muttering as such, Gudora returned to his carriage and prompted the coachman to resume the drive. He stared at the heavy crystal in his possession and commented, "There's some sort of secret in this."

"Do we forward it to the King? He's the one most knowledgeable about everything." Hanya asked.

"Not yet," Gudora said, "We need to conduct an investigation first. Only after getting some clues will it be okay to ask for assistance in the matter."

"I feel uneasy for some reason." Hanya said, "I feel strange ever since we visited the Theatre. I don't have proof, but I have a hunch that something isn't right."

"Are you sure Inala could be trusted?"

"I never said that." Gudora continued to stare at the spherical crystal in his hand, "There's no account of his existence three years ago, no matter where I asked in the Kingdom. It's a sure say that he's from the outside."

"But, that doesn't mean I can suspect him for everything."



Chapter 168 Baby Gannala’s Tantrums

"It failed, huh?" Inala muttered as he got up and stretched a little. Honestly, he didn't have much confidence in the scouting plan succeeding, since the City Lord was a fearsome character.

Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts prowled on the houses closest to the City Lord's estate, but couldn't go anywhere near it. After all, there were waves of Prana unleashed by the guards posted throughout the estate.

It would be easy to discover them. Since the scouts weren't stealth type, this was their limit.

After thinking a bit, Inala dispersed a few more scouts, posting them to strategic locations throughout the city, at the rooftop of the tallest buildings. This gave them a bird's eye view of everyone.

Since they couldn't hear the contents of the City Lord's discussion, the next best plan was to at least keep an eye on everything of importance that happened in Ellora City.

That way, as long as he was aware of who the people attending the secret meeting in two days were, he could at least make preparations accordingly.

Once it was evening, the top floors of the Theatre closed one after another. Their primary customers were the nobility who had to return to their duties during the night, keeping watch over the walls that were attacked by the Slump Lizards.

Hence, only the lower floors of the Theatre functioned late into the night, closing up at midnight. Inala retired for the night, leaving the rest to his trusty subordinates.

He entered the courtyard situated behind the Theatre and gazed at a small mansion that had been built. It was his home, 'I never thought I would amass such a level of wealth so quickly when I arrived at Sumatra.'

'It's all thanks to my Mystic Skill Creator.' Inala felt glad to have obtained such a valuable Skill. This allowed him to adapt and make the most out of any situation. It was how he was able to create and run a successful theatre business.

Thud! Crack!

Hearing a loud sound, Inala became alert, rushing into the house in a hurry, 'What happened?'

He burst through the door and observed two people in the living room. One was a lady with a large build while the other was a three-year-old kid. They were Asaeya and baby Gannala.

"I hate you!" Baby Gannala shouted as she held Asaeya's arm, exerting more strength as she overpowered the latter. Strength surged through her hands as baby Gannala gripped tighter, resulting in cracking sounds from Asaeya's arms. Her bones were cracking. "Don't touch me! You're giving me a rash, you rash woman!"

"Shut up!" Asaeya shouted upon noticing Inala, using him to activate her ability and snuff out all of baby Gannala's senses. Once baby Gannala became weak, she used a rope to tie her up.

"Untie me, woman!" Baby Gannala screeched once all her senses returned, unable to move as her joints were knotted down by the rope. She then noticed Inala's arrival, shouting in hope, "Dada! Save me!"

"Ugh," Inala felt a headache as he stared at Asaeya, "What happened?"

"She refuses to eat." Asaeya grumbled as Prana surged in her arms and mended the fracture, "When I forced her to have food, she broke my arm."

"You know you should eat well to grow up healthy, right?" Inala stared at baby Gannala and slowly untied her.

Once her bindings came undone, baby Gannala leaped into his embrace, ignoring his grunts as she screamed, "I hate your Life Bombs. I'm bored of it! They taste like Slump Lizards."

"Don't be a spoiled brat," Inala activated his Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength to withstand baby Gannala's weight, relieved once his bones stopped making creaking sounds, "If you don't eat, then I won't talk to you."

"That's not fair!" Baby Gannala complained, pouting in sadness, "You think it's a pain to raise me! I can read your thoughts!"

"Congratulations! You've chosen the correct answer!" Inala laughed and pinched her cheeks, "So, be a good girl and eat lots…"

"Uwaaa!" Baby Gannala broke into a crying fit. Her voice ruptured the air, creating powerful sonic booms.

Inala hurriedly encased them in a large Prana Bomb, grunting as he prevented the sound waves from going out. But, that also meant the waves were reflected inside, causing a trail of blood to drip from his ears.

For the next three hours, he had to endure the sonic booms unleashed by a crying baby Gannala. Though three years old, she was an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Her mental faculties were already on par with a twelve-year-old human girl and continued to develop in an accelerated fashion.

In terms of Prana, she already had more than 500, an exorbitant sum for a three-year-old. As a result, despite being in a human form, she was already exhibiting more and more traces of an Empyrean Tusk.

More than half her organs had become biomes at present. As a result, she had a voracious appetite. If she doesn't eat, it would only hinder her development, which in turn weakens the Mammoth Clan that expectantly awaits her return.

'In terms of intelligence, she should almost be on par with Asaeya. She's only acting like a three-year-old to mess with us.' Inala sighed mentally as he tried to console baby Gannala.

However, the moment he had the thought, baby Gannala stopped crying, stared at him, and spoke in a saddened tone, "I hate you, dada!"

"Yeah, yeah." Inala nodded and patted her back. Since she stopped crying, he shattered the large Prana Bomb and walked out, "I'm hungry. Let's eat."

"Okay…" Baby Gannala spoke sullenly while dangling from Inala's neck, "Dada! Can't you make some Life Bombs from the Rockatrice?"

"You mad or what?" Inala grumbled, "It's one of the strongest Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in terms of combat. Your useless dad will swiftly become its breakfast."

"Don't lie!" Baby Gannala argued as she used her powers to vary her centre of gravity and swing around him, using his neck as a pole, "I read your memories. You have methods to defeat it."

"Your dad is a dumbass. Don't believe whatever he thinks. He's delusional." Inala ignored her ramblings and brought her to the dining room and placed her before a pile of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs, "Eat them all without wasting anything!"

Baby Gannala was Gannala's successor. Therefore, Inala was considered part of her immune system, allowing her to access all his thoughts and memories.

As a result, he considered her to be annoying, especially since she was pretty demanding in nature. All Empyrean Tusks were demanding in nature, but the difference between them and baby Gannala was the existence of the Mammoth Clan serving her.

Her only Mammoth Clansmen in the area was Inala who was her old man; he didn't behave like her servant, like all Mammoth Clansmen part of her settlement would do. Moreover, he didn't pay her much attention, causing her to well up with complaints.

"Dada! At least bring me some highly fertile soil. I want to eat something different for a change." She pouted.

"We have fertile soil at home." Inala said and pointed at their garden, "It's all yours."



Chapter 169 Empyrean Zinger Logistics

"That's ruuude!" Baby Gannala complained, "The soil at home is bland. I need something delicious and nutrient-rich. Bring me some from outside this region."

"The outside is scary." Inala condensed Prana into his palm and remained ready, "Your old man won't be able to return in one piece."

"Wahhh!" Baby Gannala burst into tears as Inala swiftly erected a Prana Bomb around them, preventing any third party from hearing her cries. "Dada! You're mean!"

"Why did you even birth me if you can't pamper me?" She cried profusely for two seconds before recalling a piece of memory she observed in Inala's mind, "Ah…"

Baby Gannala was depressed, "Right, you wanted to kill me."

"I'm an unplanned baby. Right…" She turned sullen, slumping in response. She lost her appetite. Getting up, she punched the Prana Bomb, grunting in pain. But by activating her Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength, she unleashed a powerful punch.

Thump!

The Prana Bomb didn't even sport a crack, as its density too increased proportionally, thanks to the effects of Inala's Internal Inertial Gravity.

"I can't head outside now, but I'll bring some tasty soil for you tomorrow." Inala relented in the end, for every time baby Gannala punched the Prana Bomb, he lost twenty Prana. That was how much he expended to raise the Prana Bomb's density and ensure it withstood her punches.

This was an unnecessary expenditure of Prana. Hence, he gave in, patting an agitated baby Gannala, "Shouldn't you understand our situation?"

"But I'm hungry," Baby Gannala was sullen, "I'm craving all sorts of things to eat, but my diet only consists of the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. I'm getting all the necessary nutrition, but my craving isn't satisfied."

She complained, "All Empyrean Tusks innately wish to roam and eat up all sorts of trees, soil, etc."

She was indeed speaking the truth. Empyrean Tusks had a voracious appetite, but they also craved a variety of nutrients. It was why they roamed throughout Sumatra Continent, tasting stuff from all the regions.

Being confined to one place was taxing on baby Gannala's mind. Rather, it wasn't just her.

"Argh, why are you so annoying?" Asaeya raged, "Can't you see that Inala is busy with a lot of things?"

"Why do you care?" Baby Gannala snapped back at her, "You're part of Harrala's immune system. We have no relation. So, stop talking to me."

Empyrean Tusks relied on Mammoth Clansmen for all its needs. The Mammoth Clan acted as its immune system. But it was also a fact that the Mammoth Clan was innately reliant on the Empyrean Tusk for all sorts of needs, from physical to spiritual.

It was similar to placing a freshwater fish in the sea. Asaeya hated living on the ground. She wished to return to her settlement and feel the presence of her Deity daily. The lack of such a thing was slowly but surely eating away at her sanity.

It made her prone to emotional outbursts. She wished for nothing other than to return home. But baby Gannala's existence prevented her from doing so. She had a mission to do, given to her by her Deity.

It was to protect baby Gannala. Besides, it was impossible to traverse through the wilderness of Sumatra Continent and reach the herd. It was hard to calculate their travel pace and hence, they might miss each other.

The only guarantee was the fact that the herd would make a stop at the Brimgan Empire to trade. They were long-standing trading partners, hence stopping there was a necessity.

Based on what she knew, there were still seventeen years before the herd would arrive at the Brimgan Empire. Which meant, she had to live for seventeen excruciating years away from her Deity. It was frustratingly difficult for her. Hence, she took her anger out on baby Gannala, causing both to butt heads all the time.

"Alright, stop fighting." Inala mediated in the end, sighing as he dragged them both to the dining room, "Let's eat first."

It was a grumpy dinner. After swallowing a Prana Bomb's contents, Asaeya returned to her room and began cultivating.

"I'll listen to stories from grandma." After swallowing a bunch of Prana Bombs, baby Gannala ran into a room adjacent to the living room. It was where Erwahllu lived.

"Don't pester her too much, alright?" Inala said, "I'll return in two hours. I should see you sleeping when I return, okay?"

"Fine…" Baby Gannala pouted for a moment before happily entering Erwahllu's room.

Inala entered his room and grabbed his Four Storey Storage Lantern, expanding it to its full size. He picked out Sumatra Zinger—his gun—from it and inspected it, 'The organs are functioning without issues.'

The only way his organs worked after being extracted was by being fed Lifeforce through a Life Bomb. That lifeforce enriched the cells forming the organs, revitalising the pathways to keep everything alive.

He had to feed it a Life Bomb once a week. As the Lifeforce in the Life Bomb was sourced from the Slump Lizards, it was of the lowest quality. If he fed Sumatra Zinger a Life Bomb that contained a Rockatrice's Lifeforce, he wouldn't have to feed it another for months.

Carrying the Sumatra Zinger, Inala reached the Theatre's terrace. In response to a command from him, an Empyrean Zinger Scout in its miniature form exited the open pipe beside him.

Inala opened his mouth and unleashed a short screech, informing everything he needed the scout to know. He then encased it in a Prana Bomb and loaded it into the Sumatra Zinger.

Ten minutes later, once the lungs within Sumatra Zinger were full of pressurised air, Inala pointed the gun in the direction of the Rooster Tribe's settlement and launched it. Followed by a muffled sound, the Prana Bomb blasted forth into the night sky and sped in the direction of the Rooster Tribe settlement.

Once the Prana Bomb lost all its momentum, it cracked and shattered, revealing the Empyrean Zinger Scout that unfurled its wings and began to glide. It quickly expanded to its maximum size and continued to glide until it came within eyeshot distance of the settlement.

Opening its mouth, the Empyrean Zinger Scout unleashed a shriek, communicating with the horde of Empyrean Zingers there.

The walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe settlement had now become home to the Empyrean Zingers, let by an Empyrean Zinger Queen and two Empyrean Zinger Kings. They were Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, too powerful in the region now that they have grown a bit.

All the Empyrean Zingers birthed by the Empyrean Zinger Queen were only scouts and not the mutated kind. But despite that, they were all Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

Therefore, even after the Rockatrice detected their existence, it could do nothing by pray they don't gang up on it. As a result, the Empyrean Zingers got a comfortable home, using the height—600 metres—of the walls to glide around for their purpose.

And the moment they heard the message relayed by the scout, the horde stirred. Immediately, one of the Empyrean Zinger Kings brought a troop of scouts and left the area, carrying a large bag of Prana Bombs.



Chapter 170 Throw and Catch

The Empyrean Zinger King leaped with all its strength, taking flight while carrying the massive load of Prana Bombs. After reaching its maximum altitude, it unfurled its wings and glided.

It was accompanied by twenty Empyrean Zinger Scouts, all carrying their respective load of Prana Bombs. All these scouts were created by Inala. Hence, they too possessed the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, allowing them to carry such weights and glide fast.

These Prana Bombs were filled with Prana, accumulated over time from the Slump Lizards every night. This was the excess in their reserve. Each Prana Bomb contained 100 Prana.

Now, they were being transported to Ellora City. After all, Inala couldn't freely hunt around anymore for fear of leaking his identity. Hence, he had to be sneaky with the Prana Bomb accumulation.

He needed them for baby Gannala. Otherwise, it was impossible to handle her voracious appetite. She was consuming so many Prana Bombs that the number of Slump Lizards attacking the cities was reducing slowly but surely.

The reduction wasn't at a noticeable level yet. But in a few years, anyone would be able to observe the difference. The Empyrean Zingers were hunting the Slump Lizards for Prana, both to accumulate Prana Bombs and for the Empyrean Zinger Queen to birth more of her kind through Life Bombs.

An hour's travel later, the Empyrean Zinger King arrived at a location three kilometres away from Ellora City walls. There was a secluded spot with a high vantage point here.

Once they arrived, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts formed a perimeter and hunted the Slump Lizards in the vicinity. In the meantime, the Empyrean Zinger King gathered all the Prana Bombs.

It stood on the elevated platform and waited, letting out a series of high-pitched screeches at a frequency inaudible to the human ear. A few seconds later, a screech arrived at the same frequency.

The Empyrean Zinger King adjusted its body accordingly, facing a certain direction towards Ellora City. It grabbed a Prana Bomb and took on a throwing position, calm, collected, and focused on the target.

"Skeree!" Followed by a shout, it hurled the Prana Bomb with all its strength, watching it bolt away at tremendous speeds. The projectile arched through the air and flew deeper into Ellora City's airspace.

Standing at the Theatre's terrace was Inala, bracing himself for impact upon hearing the Empyrean Zinger King's screech. Four Prana Hands floated around him, controlled through his psychokinesis.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Currently, his Spirit Weapon's optimal range was 100 metres. Therefore, in a radius of a hundred metres around him was the target area.

As he waited, the Prana Bomb came hurling in. A Prana Hand shot forward in response and grabbed the Prana Bomb. It was pushed back dozens of metres in response before the momentum behind the Prana Bomb was expended.

Successfully catching the Prana Bomb, the Life Hand arrived before the open pipe and dropped the Prana Bomb into it.

The Prana Bomb rolled through the tunnel network as the Empyrean Zinger Scouts within it navigated it, eventually pushing it into a storage room deep underground. The Prana Bomb landed atop a pile of Prana Bombs.

It was the reserve that Inala was steadily accumulating over the past three years, prepared for all events. Upon knowing his reserves was why baby Gannala claimed he could hunt down the Rockatrice.

The Prana Hand had just dropped the Prana Bomb into the tunnel network when another Prana Bomb flew towards the Theatre, slightly off the mark. But it was still within his catching range as Inala sent his second Prana Hand to grab it.

Soon, his four Prana Hands were working in full swing, grabbing the thrown Prana Bombs continuously. In the meantime, Inala assumed female form and created a Life Bomb, losing a decade's lifespan in the process, since it was a Life Bomb that could birth a queen.

Loading it in the Sumatra Zinger, he fired it in the general vicinity of the Empyrean Zinger King, taking measures to not result in friendly fire.

The Life Bomb slammed into a Slump Lizard and pulverised it, absorbing all its Lifeforce. Upon seeing its arrival, an Empyrean Zinger Scout approached it and smacked it with a wood branch, sending it flying like a golf ball and into the face of a Slump Lizard.

Once all its Lifeforce was absorbed, the Empyrean Zinger Scout continued to hit it with a wood branch and make it land on the bodies of Slump Lizards until it was brimming with Lifeforce, unable to absorb any more.

Once it was full, the scout presented the Life Bomb to the Empyrean Zinger King who threw it back to Inala.

After an hour, Inala told them to rest a little, since the Empyrean Zinger King's arm ought to have been hurting like mad. He commanded it to drink the Lifeforce in the Prana Bomb they had just begun to fill up.

While it was recuperating, Inala returned home to check whether or not baby Gannala was asleep. But upon seeing that she was wide awake, doodling on a wooden slab, he scolded her, "Go, sleep!"

"Dada!" Baby Gannala happily leaped into his embrace. And upon coming into contact, she read his memories, knowing what he was up to, asking, "Can I also come and see?"

"No!" Inala stated grumpily.

"Please, I won't make trouble." Baby Gannala pleaded, "I'll remain quiet and will just watch. I cannot sleep anyway."

"Alright," Inala carried her as he leaped from one floor to another on the Theatre and reached the terrace, "But if you disturb me even the slightest, I'm not bringing you here ever again."

"I promise!" Baby Gannala said and placed a finger before her mouth, expressing that she would be obedient.

A minute later, Inala resumed the process. Every ten minutes, a Life Bomb would return. He poked a hole in one and drank its contents from time to time, ensuring he maintained his current age of 27 years.

His actual age was 17, but to interact freely, he masqueraded as an adult who was a decade older. While he was catching the Prana Bombs and the occasional Life Bombs, ten Empyrean Zinger Scouts arrived at a forest patch with a lot of flora remains. Just the hydrocarbons formed a layer twenty centimetres thick on the soil, created by years of leaves, grass, and tree parts decomposing.

The scouts took out broken shells of their Prana Bombs, activating the Mystic Bone Art to refine it, creating a shovel. They began to dig the soil rich with nutrients, piling them up in a corner.

After digging enough, an Empyrean Zinger Scout created a container resembling a Prana Bomb, filling it up with this soil. Once it was full, the entrance was sealed.

They stopped digging after filling up thirty such containers, feeling that it was sufficient for the night, and transported them to the Empyrean Zinger King who hurled them towards Inala.

The process concluded two hours before dawn as the Empyrean Zingers made their way to the Rooster Tribe settlement, intending to rest.

Inala finished collecting a large reserve, smiling in satisfaction. Since there existed no enemies that could fly in Sumatra, no soldier or citizen had a habit of keeping watch over the skies. The soldiers were busy fending off against the Slump Lizards from the walls.

It was why no one knew such a large transaction between a human and Pranic Beast had taken place. It was Inala's exclusive secret.



