Chapter 511 Virala and Orakha Team Up

?"My head's a mess!" Yarsha Zahara screamed in horror, feeling like her mind was being split apart. One part of her wanted to resume her current life of surplus and happiness. But the other part, one with a stronger influence wanted her to rip apart everything the Boar King wanted to create.

Hatred was a strong emotion, especially one that had marinated over a century. And that, when it hit her in an instant, was overpowering.

"Mom!" Barla rushed to her rescue but halted in a hurry when a Spirit Weapon made out of Sumatra Gold stopped before her. It had only stopped because it had reached the end of Yarsha Zahara's Spirit Weapon range.

Otherwise, Barla would have been attacked. Upon realising this, the oldest daughter of Yarsha Zahara was in shock. "Mom…?"

"Fucking Boar!" Yarsha Zahara glared at her in rage and subconsciously unleashed a Comet a her, slamming it on the latter's face.

"Why…did you hit me, Mom?" Barla's eyes moistened in response as she stared at her mother in disbelief, for the first time being hit by her, that too with unfiltered rage, "Please don't look at me like that, Mother!"

"Who the fuck is your mother? How dare an abomination like you claim to be my child?" Yarsha Zahara screamed as veins popped all over her face and neck. She clutched her head in pain and waved her hand, motioning for Barla to remain beyond her Spirit Weapon range, "Stay there, Barla."

"I won't be able to restrain myself. Give me time to calm down." She said in a hurry and collapsed to the ground, wheezing in response.

Standing before her and staring at her in concern was Resha, still in a maddened rage as he targeted everyone else in the vicinity.

"Did he go bonkers?" Orakha shouted as he drilled into the ground and melted the surrounding soil to form a robust shelter. He peeked through the cover of Mystic Eaters to stare at the raging tornado.

"Pretty much," A worm slithered into the shelter and reverted to Virala's form as he scratched his cheek in interest, "He hasn't done this much in Sumatra Chronicles."

"Dumbass, is that important?" Orakha sighed as he observed the Raid Team gathering around on one side of the tornado, noticing it cover the nearby entrance to the Attributed Zone, "It'll be impossible for us to enter it unless he retracts his attack."

"Well, I don't want to waste Prana trying to break through it." Virala shrugged casually, "The moment he sees me, he'll attack me with all his might. His power is a good counter against the current me."

"Well, look at you, shiny as a Mystic Human." Orakha said in praise before punching Virala in the face, "You almost screwed us over, dumbass!"

"Hey! We never met before this. Why did you do that?" Virala noticed his skin had peeled off from the punch and hurriedly began healing it using his Prana.

"The body of the Boar King at the bottom of the Varahan Mansion left behind an Information Slip recording everything you had done," Orakha said and repeated the dialogue exchanged between Virala and the Boar King as proof.

"Fuck! That happened?" Virala was surprised as he asked in a hurry, "What happened to it?"

"I dealt with it." Orakha said and continued upon seeing Virala visibly heave a sigh in relief, "Why did you do something that risky if you're this nervous?"

"Because it's exciting!" Virala grinned as wide as humanely possible, "I'm living every day to the best of my capability. And to date, there has never been a boring day. My thumping heart is the proof of that."

"Is that why you refrained from camping in the Nature slot of Brandal Brimgan?" Orakha asked next, noticing Virala's face turn cold in response.

"How much do you know?" Virala asked as a tail jutted out of his back and formed a spear tip that pointed at Orakha on the neck.

"Relax, I don't consider you an enemy." Orakha winked cutely, "Rather, you're my greatest benefactor. Thanks to you, I obtained the body of a powerhouse and a Major Treasure."

"Haha! I'm your benefactor? Thank goodness," Virala patted his chest lightly and laughed, "I was afraid it might have been something else."

"Something like…" He then stared at Orakha, "Maroppa stubbing her toe?"

"Is she happy spending time at the Mammoth Clan?" Virala giggled like a child, "Is she nervous while interacting with the Clan that annihilated her race?"

"…" Orakha stared at Virala for a few seconds before asking, "Have you been copying Inala?"

"I just took reference from him after a stroke of inspiration." Virala patted his chest, "My methods are unique though. I didn't plagiarise him."

"I won't touch the Major Treasure of Deity." Orakha extended his hand and offered a handshake.

"Happy to have your cooperation." Virala accepted the offer. That short conversation was enough for the two to gauge the extent of danger posed by antagonising each other. And the conclusion they obtained was simple: Fighting now would fuck them both up.

Both had been using their respective methods to not only gain information but also make plans to target each other.

While Orakha was observing Virala and targeting the latter's preparations, Virala was doing the same. Using his Mystic Ewworm form, he could spy across the region without getting detected. He was able to observe Orakha's and Inala's actions.

The fact that he mentioned Maroppa's involvement with the Mammoth Clan meant that he was aware of everything that had happened. There was a good chance her identity was revealed to him.

Hence, when Orakha wanted to take the Golden Giant with him, Virala threatened the latter using Maroppa. Objectively speaking, Maroppa was a dozen times more valuable than a Major Treasure, especially since she could grant everyone part of the Mammoth Clan Secondary and Tertiary Natures using Gannala's Nature Weapons.

This combo was extremely valuable. The fact that she could further reinforce a Nature using the Prime Skill of Nature Weapon Assimilation on a Nature Weapon meant that as long as she was on their side, the Mammoth Clan could continue to grow and evolve.

Hence, to avoid interfering with each other, the two of them came to a compromise. Orakha would take Brandal Brimgan in response to Virala keeping the Golden Giant.

Since all eight of Brandal Brimgan's Minor Treasures were not placed in the Golden Giant, its value had increased. So, the compromise was reasonable to both sides.

Also, while Orakha was interested in the Major Treasure of Deity, Virala wasn't. He only desired the influence generated in the Golden Giant's stomach. Even if the Major Treasure of Deity was taken away now, the Golden Giant was its Influenced Region.

The influence in it would still be maintained, which was enough to constantly strengthen Virala. Moreover, Brandal Brimgan's body was useless to the current him. He was planning to gift it to Gannala anyway.

After all, a stronger Mammoth Clan would be a better deterrent against the Boar King, giving Virala better room to manoeuvre and do things. Hence, he didn't mind Orakha claiming it since the latter was working hard for the Mammoth Clan's sake anyway.

So, his priority remained the same from the start to now—Major Treasure of Attribute. It would drastically improve the efficiency and efficacy of his transformations, not to mention allowing him to create stronger tools at the tip of the Ewworm's tail.

'I need to update the threat level of this fucker. He's rapidly growing stronger.' Virala thought in seriousness as he observed Orakha. In terms of power, Orakha had the best build. He could steal resources, build a compound Human Avatar, and best of all, could revive once a day.

If he put his mind to survival, it was impossible to kill Orakha. And as he continues to take inspiration from Inala and Virala to evolve himself, it'll only become progressively harder to kill him.

'First Blola, and now Orakha. They're all changing at a fundamental mental aspect.' Virala began to feel the pressure, 'Dammit! I need to hurry and kill my body at the Mammoth Clan. I don't want my heavily influenced body to make a mess of my plans.'

"Argh!" Resha roared and further increased the power of gravity churning into the tornado, turning it heavier and, as a result making it more destructive. He, Yarsha Zahara, and her seven children were in the eye of the tornado, a safe haven in this destructive force of nature.

"Stay away!" Yarsha Zahara continued to scream as she glared at her children, confused to the extreme.

At that moment, the door to the underground shelter opened as a worm and a Mystic Eater popped out subtly, discussing.

"Pay me one Sumatra Gold and I'll assist you in whatever you want in the future." Virala said as he stared at Ruvva lying on the ground next to Yarsha Zahara, "Just help me recover my daughter."

"It's strange to see you care about someone." Orakha expressed genuine surprise, "I thought you were selfish and cared only about yourself."

"I still do. It's just that," Virala grinned as he stared at Ruvva, "Ruvva is mine. I consider her a part of me. So, nothing has changed."

"You're a bastard through and through." Orakha shook his head before accepting the collab, "We have a deal. Just keep everyone busy while I grab Ruvva and a few more Sumatra Gold from Yarsha Zahara."

"Just make it quick." Virala said and slithered out at tremendous speeds, "I can't face both Resha and Yarsha at the same time and make it out in one piece. Also,"

His tone carried with it a sense of urgency, "Do it before her mind stabilises. I'm not mentally prepared to deal with a mature Yarsha Zahara."

"She's scary."

"Well, she is the rightful heroine." Orakha said in awe before snorting in disdain towards Resha, "Unlike that doll by the name of Yahira. This dumbass has poor taste."

"Fucker, don't badmouth Yahira." Virala snapped back in anger, "She's a dozen times better."

"Did your heroine wound the Boar King?" Virala spat in Orakha's direction, "No, right? So, shut up."

"Yahira is the best!"



Chapter 512 A Repulsive Scenario

﻿﻿"Your Highness, Lord Cuck!" Virala reverted to human form and came to a standstill twenty metres before Resha, "Miss me?"

"…" Resha stared at Virala in a daze for a moment before clarity returned to his mind. He bellowed in anger, "Disgusting fuck!"

Resha unleashed a gravitational pull, intending to bring Virala closer when the latter's mass changed abruptly as a worm drilled into the ground. The ground acted as a strong barrier towards Resha's Prana detection, preventing him from sensing Virala's position.

'Ewworm?' Resha was surprised by the transformation, observing that he was unable to detect the latter's movements anymore. Prana pulsed out of his body, condensing the effects of External Inertial Gravity that slammed into the ground and caused shockwaves to course through it.

There was a pull, followed by an immediate push, looping dozens of times every second. The disruptive shockwave wasn't destructive in the least. If any Pranic Beast were to be underground, it would only feel a mild discomfort.

However, this fluctuation allowed Resha to build a mental imagery of the ground based on the varying levels of density. Soil pattern, types of minerals, etc. He was able to detect them all. And eventually, he was able to detect a minor movement in the density of a certain location, honing in on the place, "There you are!"

A powerful suction force was unleashed as the topsoil flew toward Resha. Amidst the stream of soil was a metre-long Mystic Ewworm, unable to slither away as all the soil that its body was in contact with was being pulled towards Resha.

In response, the Mystic Ewworm's tail transformed into a hook that latched onto Barla, causing the latter to resist fiercely in her Empyrean Boar form. Barla was unwilling to be pulled towards Resha and hence tried to free herself.

Unfortunately for her, the hook had stabbed itself into her tusks and hence couldn't be removed easily. She would have to revert to human form to escape the hook, but doing so was dangerous since sharp projectiles were flying in the region thanks to the tornado.

She dug her hooves deeper into the ground and stopped herself. Using her like an anchor, the Mystic Ewworm coiled its tail to roll up the string connected to the hook and closed in on her.

"You!" Barla glared in anger to see the Mystic Ewworm slither over her body and slap her away, causing her to lose her balance and be sent flying towards Resha.

"That guy is someone desperate to kill your father." Virala's whisper resounded in her ear, enticing her emotions, "He has been creating a weapon personalised to counter the Boar King. If you don't save yourselves, all your siblings will die."

"Shut up!" Barla churned Prana through her body and unleashed Prana Shock, sending Virala flying away. She then hurried to the rescue of her siblings upon seeing them resist the sharp projectiles flying their way once they moved farther away from the eye of the tornado.

"I…am not going to kill my children!" Yarsha Zahara grunted desperately as she felt a tremendous amount of hatred build up in her. She suddenly was distracted by the sounds of Ruvva's crying, causing her attention to focus on the latter.

"This…is…" She felt difficulty in processing her thoughts. After Resha's statement, she realised that Ruvva wasn't birthed by the union of her and the Boar King. She could easily connect the dots upon sensing the frequency of Virala's Prana fluctuations.

The sheltered Yarsha Zahara wasn't able to, but the Sumatra Chronicles version could do it as easily as breathing. She could confirm that Virala had fooled her by transforming into the Boar King to make her birth Ruvva.

To be honest, she wasn't as disgusted by Ruvva as she would have had originally. After all, Ruvva was a Free Human and not an Empyrean Boar. Moreover, as both her selves were merging, Yarsha Zahara could feel Ruvva's speciality as a Mystic Human.

She observed that Virala too was a Mystic Human, a Free Human that was uninfluenced to the limit. However, the concentration of Mystic Human genes was higher in Ruvva, for she was born as such, having inherited all the genetic characteristics of Yarsha Zahara.

Even Barla failed to inherit all of Yarsha Zahara's latent talent. Her siblings too were more or less similar. But Ruvva was different.

'She can achieve my dream!' As the influence from her Sumatra Chronicles version grew stronger, Yarsha Zahara thought as she stared at Ruvva, extending her hand in an effort to grab her, only to see a row of Mystic Eaters jut between them.

Her fingertips transformed into her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar as a beam of Prana flooded out of them and slammed into the Mystic Eaters, absorbing some of them. "Keuk!"

She stared at her back to see a Mystic Eater had gushed into her stomach and leaped out from the other side, carrying another Sumatra Gold in its stomach. The moment Yarsha Zahara focused on dealing with the Mystic Eaters preventing her from taking hold of Ruvva, another batch targeted the Sumatra Gold in her possession.

"You are…resourceful." She scowled at Orakha, slowly beginning to stabilise as waves of Prana began to form around her.

'Oh, fuck!' Even though Orakha put on a strong front, he was internally shitting bricks to see that the two personalities of Yarsha Zahara were already starting to stabilise. Sumatra Gold could stabilise and make everything practical. And now, that was also helping to integrate her two selves at a practical scale.

'Ten…fifteen minutes tops.' Orakha made an estimate as he began to combine Mystic Eaters to strike faster. Yarsha Zahara had managed to obtain a few of them during their tussle the moment her Sumatra Chronicles self gained better control of her body.

If he were to dally any longer, she'd manage to gather enough Mystic Eaters to retaliate against him.

"Sheesh! How long do you need?" Virala grunted in annoyance as he grabbed a piece of rock and hurled it at Yarsha Zahara, distracting her when necessary.

He then approached Brana, evaded a lunge by turning into a metre-long Mystic Ewworm, and threw a Spirit Slip in the latter's mouth. The Spirit Slip exploded and caused a bunch of information to flood Brana's mind, causing the latter to stare at Resha in alarm and flee farther away.

The six siblings protected themselves in a corner while Virala popped out of the ground from time to time to target Resha and Yarsha Zahara.

"Phew!" Orakha sighed in relief as he grabbed Ruvva and retreated into the shelter, watching the Mystic Ewworm slam nearby in a fluster and become a bloodied Virala. His body was covered in wounds as he developed the tool at the end of his tail into a cradle and placed Ruvva in safety there once again.

"Thanks!" Virala grabbed a Sumatra Gold, feeling satisfied with just one as he ignored the pile in Orakha's position. He became a Mystic Ewworm and drilled into the ground, making a retreat.

'Is he heading to the Golden Giant?' Orakha thought as he unleashed the power of his Human Avatar to heat up the region and turn the ground into lava, 'Yarsha Zahara won't be able to absorb this lava since it's not the product of a Nature.'

As long as her Human Avatar doesn't come in contact with the jet-black ink he released through his Human Avatar, she wouldn't be able to gain control of his ability. The lava was merely soil that had melted due to the heat and hence wasn't considered as the product of a Nature.

'This will keep them busy for the time being.' He targeted Barla and her siblings with the lava and made his escape.

"No!" Yarsha Zahara used the Mystic Eaters she had gained control of to block the lava that was about to splash onto Barla, "Are you alright?"

"Yes!" Barla shouted as she put her siblings—after they reverted to human form—in her mouth and made a leap, jumping onto a piece of land that wasn't lava. But the moment she landed on it, the piece of land fractured and began to sink into the lava that had already spread underneath.

Orakha had used most of his Prana to unleash the attack, for he wanted to buy enough time to safely flee with the pile of Sumatra Gold that he had stolen. Once he rejoins his body near the Golden Giant, he'll be at full strength and could then focus on integrating the Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar.

With that, his preparations will be complete to enter the Attributed Region.

"Mom! Save us!" Barla shouted, staring in despair to see Yarsha Zahara remain unresponsive. She watched as her hooves plunged into the lava, causing her to scream in pain, "MOM!"

There was a flash of green, following which a bubble enveloped her body, tanking the heat from the lava as it gradually hovered up and carried her. Another bubble appeared at a spot in the lava and began to unleash grey mist that solidified into a platform of bone.

The lava in contact with it cooled down and solidified into stone as the bubble carrying Barla popped, causing her to fall on the platform of bone.

"Resha, calm down." Grehha's voice resounded as grey mist began to circulate through the tornado, turning it grey. And then, it solidified into bone, forming a colossal spiral of bone that reached the sky.

Resha glared in the direction of the voice when an Empyrean Incubator slammed into his face, blocking his vision. A field of gravity protected him from the impact, preventing the Empyrean Incubator from actually touching him.

He swatted it away and noticed that standing before Yarsha Zahara was the figure of Grehha, one whose hand had extended to offer her support.

"Do you mind if I help you?" Grehha asked her as he used a kerchief to wipe the sweat on her forehead, "I know what is happening to you. If It's okay with you, I can help you ease up the pain."

Her eyes shot wide open as Yarsha Zahara observed Grehha. She then accepted his help and got up, asking promptly, "Give me one of those bubbles you made."

"Sure," Grehha replied happily and created a fist-sized Empyrean Incubator, watching the latter use her Human Avatar to gain control over it.

Yarsha Zahara instantly expanded its size and enveloped her head with it, unleashing incessant waves of Prana through it that impacted her. Her Minor Treasure of Storage Lantern activated in response as three pieces of Sumatra Gold were built into her Human Avatar.

A few seconds later, the Empyrean Incubator was expended as Yarsha Zahara's gaze was calm, having stabilised herself. Her gaze moved from Resha to Grehha, followed by the shelter from where Virala and Orakha had fled the scene, and finally, to the six children she had birthed, her mutter filled with a tone of mockery, "What a repulsive scenario."

"It's fitting for a sheltered idiot like me."



Chapter 513 Yennda Unleashes

?A couple of minutes before Grehha entered the Varahan Mansion, he stood on the terrace of a nearby building, his gaze one of disappointment, "No matter how steady he is, there's a lot of baggage weighing down upon Resha."

"He's damn strong though." Yennda climbed to the terrace and wiped the blood on his face, having just eliminated the owner of the house. The dwellers of the place now lay in a pool of rotten blood, one filled with puss and mutated cancerous outgrowths.

"You stink," Grehha covered his nose upon smelling Yennda's approach, "Can't you take a bath or something?"

"It's something I kept on purpose." Yennda stared at his trembling hands, "I just…want people to realise and protect themselves if they can. Hence, I ensure to lace my power with a stench. So, the moment anyone smells this stench, they could hurriedly cover their orifices and move away. As long as they don't remain in contact, their Prana naturally cleans their body of the effects of my power."

"I'm afraid, you see." He said, "A moment's carelessness and I can easily become a catastrophic plague. I don't want to result in Pranic Beasts mutating to become similar to me. That's a horrible future."

"Seems it's not easy for you too." Grehha sighed and stared at the tornado, "And it'll become even worse for you after what you're about to do now."

"I'm not afraid of death or even torture for the matter." Yennda spoke without an ounce of fear or even flinched at the thought of it, "I have experienced both enough times to gain immunity towards it. I can still feel pain but I'm no longer physically or mentally affected by it."

"So, I don't mind getting tortured by the Boar King." He uttered with a calm tone, "The worst he could do is torture me. Since I have three Natures, he wouldn't be able to gain my power through Voracious Nature."

"I'll repay you in the future." Grehha nodded as he jumped down from the terrace of the house and began to approach the tornado. A grey mist circulated around him and transformed everything that came in contact with it into bone, which doubled down as his Spirit Weapon, allowing him to deal with the projectiles flying out from the tornado.

"But, are you sure about this?" Yennda asked nervously, "Upon learning about Sumatra Gold and Yarsha Zahara building a Human Avatar through it, wouldn't she recall her life from Sumatra Chronicles if Resha's Prana comes in contact with her Human Avatar?"

"Yes, I'm sure of it happening. Or rather," Grehha seeped his Prana through the tornado and heard Yarsha Zahara's screams, "It seems to have already started."

"Then, shouldn't we kill her?" Yennda asked, "I don't want to be her enemy."

"Can you kill her?" Grehha laughed, "It'll be impossible once she gains the maturity and experience from her Sumatra Chronicles self. This is a woman who upgraded the entire race of Free Humans with a mere Silver Grade Human Avatar. Imagine the extent of her potential with a Mystic Grade Human Avatar."

"So, I'm just building a bridge." Grehha waved his hand and seeped his bone mist into the tornado, "All I want to ensure is that she has a positive image of the Mammoth Clan. That way, she'll hesitate to go against us with full force. As long as she doesn't go all out, we can deal with whatever she throws at us."

"Are you…trying to court her?" Yennda felt that it was absurd, "Didn't you see what had happened? She was fucked by two men. She's for the…"

"You should watch your mouth. It'll be for the best if you were to cut off your tongue. That's a useless organ attached to your unnecessary being." Grehha didn't hold back on the insult, "Did you think she's a characterless woman like your wife on Earth? Honestly, I'm impressed by your lack of brain cells."

"She's Yarsha Zahara, the one and only." Grehha said arrogantly, "A billion selves of your wife from Earth combined is inferior to the shit Yarsha Zahara poops out after an afternoon siesta. Don't delude yourself into thinking you can talk smack about her."

"Whether she has one man or two doesn't matter." He proclaimed, "She can have as many men as she wants, since she's that superior of a woman. After all, she's…"

"Yarsha Zahara, I know, I know." Yennda waved his hands in surrender, "I wouldn't have talked to you if I knew you were her fanatic. Seriously, I don't know what the lot of you see in her."

"You wouldn't understand." Grehha laughed, "You know shit about capable women. I mean, let's not talk about the one you married on Earth. Even if I was deaf, blind, paralysed, and a terrorist threatened to cut off my dick, I still wouldn't marry that."

"Just take lessons at this point." He shook his head and continued to unleash his ability on the tornado, "Even Yuza was a thousand times better and you failed to treat her well. You're better off remaining in solitude. Talking to you harms my brain cells, so just do what you have to do, alright?"

Primary Nature—Spirit Bone!

The tornado transformed into a colossal structure of bone spiral, becoming his Spirit Weapon. Grehha fractured it into multiple building blocks and as a result able to control the blocks as a Spirit Weapon.

His psychokinesis was incapable of controlling such a massive structure. Hence, this was the only realistic option. The key to a fight was versatility and not brute power. The lowermost block in the tornado became a gate that opened to allow Grehha's entry.

He first ensured Barla and her siblings didn't die due to the lava and then approached Yarsha Zahara. In the meantime, Yennda sneaked towards Barla, his shoulders slumped. Grehha's words resounded loud and clear in his mind, in a loop, further worsening his depression.

"What a repulsive scenario," Yarsha Zahara said once her two selves had fused into a singular whole, observing everything that had happened from a new perspective, "It's fitting for a sheltered idiot like me."

"I can give you as many Empyrean Incubators as you want." Grehha offered his support.

"Do tell me one thing." Yarsha Zahara stared at him, "How much do you know about me?"

"A few things from your past life," Grehha replied honestly.

"Does that involve the same power that has influenced him?" She stared at Resha, "He's completely different from my memories."

"Yes," Grehha nodded.

"And who's the culprit?" She asked next, getting to the root of the matter.

"Renduldu, the latest Mystic Tentacle to have appeared on Sumatra." Grehha spoke with a solemn tone, "All the differences you see from your past life's memories are a resultant of the butterfly effect generated by Renduldu's actions."

"What the fuck are you on about, Grehha?" Resha had calmed down by now upon failing to see Virala and Ruvva. He was still extremely pissed, but Grehha's arrival forced him to calm down. The both of them had collaborated on multiple occasions for Resha to understand that Grehha was a stable individual with a clear view of his purpose.

If he says something, it is better to listen to it, for he might have put a lot of consideration into it himself. Resha understood it through experience, which was the only reason he stopped attacking. He was still irritated by Grehha's words though and readily expressed it.

"Your past life never happened, Resha." Grehha said without hesitation and threw a Bone Slip at the latter, imitating Inala's actions, "It was a side effect of the future sight cast on you by Renduldu. Even the Chief knows it, since Gannala has already confirmed it through her inheritance."

"Gannala is…back?" Resha was stunned before joy filled his expression, "How is she? Is she healthy? Has she been eating well?"

"Healthier than you could expect," Grehha grinned, "She's terrifyingly strong now."

'It seems Inala did well.' Resha didn't even seem to mind the fact that he had completely glossed over his anger upon hearing about Gannala, instead more concerned about the latter's status than everything else.

"This is what I hated about him." Yarsha Zahara muttered when her eyes caught onto Yennda, unleashing a Prana Shock at the latter upon seeing that he was sneaking up on Barla.

But in response to her attack, an Empyrean Incubator enveloped her, causing the shockwaves from Prana Shock to form ripples on the walls of the green bubble. Yarsha Zahara glared at Grehha, "You want to fight me?"

"No, I don't." Grehha shook his head. He then stared at Barla, "But that doesn't extend to them. Please relax, as I don't wish to see them dead."

He pointed at Resha, "Only this ignorant fool fails to understand the consequences."

Just by being alive, Barla and her siblings would harness a good chunk of the Boar King's time, attention, and resources. That meant a lower amount of the same for the Boar King's development. With limited time and attention for himself, not to mention resources, the Boar King wouldn't be at his peak during the Fourth Major Disaster.

This was why Inala was excited upon learning of the existence of the Wean Tribe. The Wean Tribe was only scary for regular powerhouses. But for people like Inala, Grehha, and even Orakha who had swarm-type builds, the Wean Tribe wasn't an issue. Rather, it was a powerful tool to restrict the actions of the Boar King.

Resha didn't understand that and hence went in for the kill. Even Orakha's lava attack was a calculated decision, since he had already detected Grehha's approach. He merely made a setup for Grehha to arrive and make an impression on Yarsha Zahara, which went well.

Now, as the information with the Bone Slip flooded his mind, Resha was in a state of absolute shock, feeling as if his world was crumbling down. This meant that he wouldn't be making a mess of the situation anytime soon due to his misunderstanding.

As Grehha had successfully tanked Yarsha Zahara's attack, it created a short window of opportunity for Yennda to approach the figure of Barla who was healing her molten hooves.

"I'm sorry," Yennda said and stabbed his hand through the nose of Barla's Empyrean Boar form and severed the hand, startling the latter. The hand melted and merged into her nostrils. And a few seconds later, a wart appeared on her forehead, steadily increasing in number every few seconds.

The infection spread into her mouth and affected her siblings who were held in safety there. A powerful disease spread through their bodies.



Chapter 514 Orakha’s Checkpoint

﻿﻿Underneath the Brimgan Empire's Palace, the figure of Brandal Brimgan in his Human Avatar form was brimming with power. Orakha hovered before him, dangling from a rope made out of Mysitc Eaters who had grabbed onto a portion of the ceiling outside the Golden Giant.

"It's finally here." He muttered in excitement to see Mystic Eaters approach his location one after another, carrying a piece of Sumatra Gold each.

Immediately in response, he got to work. His Mystic Eaters held a piece of Sumatra Gold each, numbering ten in total as they seeped into Brandal Brimgan's body.

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

Secondary Nature—Daily Checkpoint!

Tertiary Nature—Mystic Eater!

Orakha's three powers began to take action on Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar, constantly changing it as the ten pieces of Sumatra Gold were being fused into it, one per body each.

Orakha took extreme precaution, for the slightest mistake would cause Brandal Brimgan's stacked body to implode. Gradually, he deepened the checkpoint imprinted upon Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar and stabilised it.

Following that, he watched as once the Sumatra Gold was successfully fused, the influence of the Golden Giant was rapidly absorbed in large quantities, for that was the way he had modified Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar to behave.

Gold Kinesis Art!

Prana circulated through his Human Avatar as the Golden Giant's influence continued to increase in his body, continuing to change it. Orakha continued to change his Human Avatar little by little, imprinting his powers on the latter.

In the meantime, he also fused a Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar, using it to stabilise and strengthen his Compound Human Avatar. And under the Golden Giant's influence, he formed a connection between the Human Avatars of him and Brandal Brimgan.

Brandal Brimgan's Spirit Weapons continued to be refined under the Golden Giant's influence, for they were rapidly drinking the influence like a sponge. He was extremely close to the peak of Spirit Weapon refinement.

Unfortunately, just like every other Brimgan Royal in history, he didn't have a long enough lifespan to touch the peak. But now, it was possible.

The Golden Giant was created by a Brimgan Royal. It was someone who practiced the Gold Kinesis Art. And hence, it was highly compatible with him. After Orakha adding eight more Minor Treasures to improve the influence, Brandal Brimgan's Spirit Weapon finally reached the tipping point.

With the successful fusion of ten pieces of Sumatra Gold, he succeeded as a voracious amount of Prana billowed out of his body, condensing a cloud of energy above his head that formed a flux around him, resembling the magnetic lines of a dipole magnet.

Primary Nature—Kinesis Deity!

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!

Minor Treasure—Orakha's Checkpoint!

His Spirit Weapons changed form, transforming into a miniature fist-sized sculpture of Brandal Brimgan. With that, the effect of his Secondary Nature changed him, causing his ten bodies to fuse. The ten Spirit Weapons that had rapidly transformed into Minor Treasures began to consume Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar.

The existence of a piece of Sumatra Gold in the centre of each stabilised them and ensured they remained practically functional. And then, at the same time, the Spirit Containers of all ten bodies fused and became a singular whole.

Minor Treasure—Orakha's Checkpoint!

A Minor Treasure had been created. Had a Bolt of Transcendence been involved, there was a greater possibility than usual for Brandal Brimgan to have become a Major Treasure. But Orakha didn't wish to take the risk.

Even if the chances were greater than usual, it was just an increase from one-thousandth to two-thousandth. That wasn't worth gambling away such a fortune. Besides, a Minor Treasure was more than enough, since it achieved what he wanted.

Through Brandal Brimgan's Secondary Nature, his Human Avatar had now been fused around the pieces of Sumatra Gold to form a Minor Treasure. With a tug of his Mystic Eater, the Minor Treasure was extracted.

"Awesome!" Orakha grinned in excitement as he stared at the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint and touched it, watching it fuse in his body. At the same time, since the stacked body of Brandal Brimgan no longer had Prana or a Spirit Container, it became physically impossible for ten bodies to share the same space.

And as a result, they exploded, causing a burst of flesh and blood that were instantly absorbed into the stomach of the Golden Giant.

Since his purpose was achieved, Orakha wasn't bothered by Brandal Brimgan's death. Instead, he excitedly activated the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint, observing ten fist-sized sculptures of Brandal Brimgan hover before him, 'Now, I can revive at ten different locations.'

Unlike regular Minor Treasures, the Minor Treasures created through the Gold Kinesis Art could fuse with the bodies of others and still remain under the owner's control.

Meaning, Orakha could fuse a fist-sized sculpture in the body of a Pranic Beast. And in the future, when he wants, he could revive through the sculpture at a location where the Pranic Beast existed at that point in time.

His Secondary Nature of Daily Checkpoint was an overpowered Nature, since it originated from the Blessed Race of Sumatra. But it could only be used for revival.

From the day Blola revived him, Orakha wished to use his revival means to revive at different locations of Sumatra, and in this way travel without any limitations. And now, the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint allowed him to revive at ten different locations.

It basically became a funnel for his Secondary Nature to be unleashed. He was still able to revive only once a day though. But now, he could choose from one of the ten checkpoints.

The pieces of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar and Brandal Brimgan's Human Avatar were to form this connection for his Secondary Nature and make it functionally realistic.

Right as he completed his Minor Treasure, the second body of Orakha arrived and rejoined with him after the latter's Human Avatar was modified accordingly. Now, both their Human Avatars were in sync.

Orakha would have to build his Human Avatars in the future with at least one piece of Sumatra Gold. Without it, his newer bodies wouldn't be able to successfully use the Minor Treasure of Orakha's Checkpoint as a gate for his Secondary Nature.

While he was working on making the final changes to become fully ready, Virala jumped into the Golden Giant's stomach and observed the increased concentration of the influence.

Through the power of an Ewworm, he consumed the piece of Sumatra Gold given to him by Orakha and began to concentrate it into the tool forming at the tip of his tail. Once that started to happen, he dug into the Golden Giant and began to consume specific portions.

A regular cultivator wouldn't even be able to scratch the Golden Giant, forget harming it. After all, it was a Major Treasure's Influenced Region. But upon stacking both the Empyrean Boar King body and Mystic Ewworm body in their whole glory, Virala was barely able to consume some pieces.

He targeted weaker regions that were still being influenced by the Major Treasure of Deity. And the minerals he consumed were concentrated Influenced Region deposits, the purest of their kind.

The Major Treasure of Deity wasn't useful for his purpose, only its influence was. But without its influence, he would have a harder time bringing out the complete potential of his build. Hence, the moment Virala noticed Orakha being capable of stealing Sumatra Gold from Yarsha Zahara, he formed a plan to obtain one for himself.

One piece was more than enough, since that was how powerful the functions of the Sumatra Gold were. Even Inala used three pieces for his grand plan, and that was only because he had that much. One piece was sufficient to pave the way for his success. Three only strengthened that path to success.

The tail began to grow as Virala shed all the materials he had consumed until now, planning to create a tail solely out of the minerals from an Influenced Region.

The Attributed Region was made out of water. It was in a liquid state and hence couldn't be accumulated by the Mystic Ewworm for the tool at the end of its tail. Besides, even if he were to figure out a method to form a tool using it, there would be no purpose achieved through it.

After all, the Attributed Region was just mountainous compressed water flowing at supersonic speeds. Instead, the Golden Giant was more precious, especially thanks to the twenty Minor Treasures that have been integrated into it.

It was vastly more valuable, especially since it would make him self-sufficient atop being versatile. Slowly, as he consumed the Golden Giant, his tail began to form a stamp, a stamp with the Golden Giant's influence.

Thanks to the piece of Sumatra Gold integrated into it, the tool was able to hold an Influenced Region's power and influence. 'With just this in my possession, I can strengthen my body no matter where I am on Sumatra.'

'It'll obviously consume tremendous amounts of Prana to unleash an effect on par with the Golden Giant.' He stared at the Golden Giant and thought, smiling in response, 'But with this, I won't have to rely upon the Golden Giant. Even if something happens here in the future, I wouldn't have to be worried. Both I and Ruvva can continue growing to our full potential without hiccups.'

The Boar King was almost upon the Brimgan Empire. Even Virala had no idea what would happen after this. There was a possibility that the Boar King could obtain both the Major Treasure of Attribute and Deity. Hence, he was taking precautions well in advance.

"I need your help, Orakha." Virala stared at the fist-sized sculpture hovering before Orakha and pointed at Ruvva, "Leave one in her body."

"If something unfortunate happens to my plans, I want you to head to her rescue."



Chapter 515 Supreme Snapper

﻿﻿Mystic Kinesis Art!

Boul Brimgan watched as his Minor Treasure of Kinesis Feline swallowed an Iron Grade Pranic Beast and shat out everything except its Spirit Container. Through the effects of Mystic Kinesis Art, the Kinesis Feline refined the Spirit Container to form an Elixir in its stomach.

The Elixir generated Prana through its body, and once its body was brimming with Prana, the excess amount flowed into Boul Brimgan. This way, he was able to recover Prana to upkeep his consumption.

He hadn't yet reached a level where his Prana generation surpassed his consumption, but once he has ten Kinesis Felines working for him, that would become a reality. He would have been stronger had he possessed a few more Minor Treasures, but unfortunately for him, they were all destroyed in the Sanctuary.

If not for them, he would have already died, failing to accomplish anyway. But at the end of the day, it was a worthwhile trade, for he finished two of the primary objectives sought after by the Brimgan Empire for eras.

Secondary Nature—Minor Treasure!

Mystic Kinesis Art!

While his Secondary Nature was perfect, the Mystic Kinesis Art was still incomplete. He had barely managed to upgrade Gold Kinesis Art to the Mystic Grade. It would take a while and the support of the Brimgan Empire to make it functional like Mystic Bone Art and Mystic Mist Art.

Once that happens, the Brimgan Empire would become invincible as every Emperor, Empress, and Grand Ministers with 10-Life Stage cultivations would have a Minor Treasure as a Secondary Nature.

Minor Treasures and Major Treasures operated at laws beyond Sumatra. Therefore, the fact that their power itself was a Minor Treasure meant their power had already exceeded the limits of Sumatra.

Currently, Boul Brimgan was one such character. As he continued to travel, he closed in on the group of 38 Empyrean Snappers, observing their sheer speed in the delta formation. It was no different from seeing mountains glide over the land at speeds surpassing a hundred kilometres an hour.

As he approached them, the Cooter Clansmen on the backs of the closest Empyrean Snappers turned to face him. And then, they created cloudy platforms to approach him, stopping at a distance of three hundred metres from him.

A cloudy head formed within earshot of Boul Brimgan and shouted, "State your name and purpose!"

"Boul Brimgan!" He introduced himself, "I'm returning to my home after seeing the appearance of the Major Treasure. It seems the Cooter Clan has the same thought. Can I request a helping hand for the journey?"

The cloudy head turned silent in response, never expecting a Brimgan Royal to ask for help in a situation where his life wasn't threatened or in dire straits. He was faster than them and could reach the Brimgan Empire earlier if he put his mind to it.

But despite that, he wanted their help. A moment's hesitation later, the Cooter Clansman in charge of the cloudy head condensed a Water Slip and sent it flying on a cloud towards the Empyrean Snapper's back.

A Cooter Clansman consumed the Water Slip and relayed the message to the Settlement Leader. The message was relayed from one Settlement to another before soon, the Cooter Clan Chief, Geugeu received it.

"Boul Brimgan?" His eyes lit up as he processed the information, "Considering how he's at the 10-Life Stage, he must either be the Crown Prince or someone ready to inherit the position of Emperor."

"Escort him here," Geugeu passed down the order, "And treat him with respect. Don't offend a powerhouse like him."

"He's…" Geugeu hesitated for a moment before sighing, "Almost as strong as me. And unlike Brandal Brimgan, he's young."

"Yes…" The Cooter Clansman who came to relay the message to Geugeu trembled at the latter's proclamation. It meant that in the future, Boul Brimgan would surpass the Cooter Clan Chief. For a moment, he had thoughts of assassinating Bould Brimgan but curbed the intention upon seeing Geugeu shake his head.

"It's not in our nature to make enemies unnecessarily." Geugeu said with a soft tone, "In the long time we existed, the Cooter Clan and the Brimgan Empire have hardly interacted with each other. So, it doesn't matter if they continue to grow stronger."

'All that wouldn't matter once we hit the Mystic Grade. With Wally, that future looks promising.' He thought with a smile. Wally was Wittral's younger brother.

Before they died, Wittral's parents succeeded in birthing another Empyrean Snapper. During the birth, Wittral's father tried to reach the Transcendence Stage, inviting a Bolt of Transcendence.

He ended up failing though and was erased from existence. But, as he had the Buoyant Disease, until his child was born, his essence was continually funnelled into the forming baby. When the Bolt of Transcendence hit him, the essence became refined and was transmitted in a stronger, more potent form.

Right after she gave birth to Wally, Wittral's mother did the same, trying to become a Transcendent moments before she breathed her last, for she had gone over the limit in birthing a second Empyrean Snapper.

The Bolt of Transcendence hit her and vaporised her too. But through the umbilical cord connecting her and her child, the remainder of the energy in the Bolt of Transcendence was transferred into Wally.

His parents knew they wouldn't survive a Bolt of Transcendence. Instead, they used their bodies to tank the Bolt of Transcendence and try their best to refine it into a form that would become a tonic for their child. And the result of that?

Supreme Snapper—Wally!

It was the birth of an Empyrean Snapper on the same level as the Supreme Tusk Gannala. The Cooter Clan almost went bankrupt to achieve this, having expended most of their resources to support Wally's parents so that they could succeed in giving birth and refining a Bolt of Transcendence.

Five Minor Treasures were also expended in the process, so the losses would have been disastrous had Wally not been born. But now that he had been born, the Cooter Clan was jubilant. After all, even though they were two millennia behind the Mammoth Clan, they finally had a path to the Mystic Grade.

"I'm the Cooter Clan Chief, Geugeu." Geugeu introduced himself to Boul Brimgan once the latter was escorted to his stone house.

"I'm Boul Brimgan, Third Prince of the Brimgan Empire." Bould Brimgan introduced himself, noticing Geugeu's expression become visibly affected in response. It was because even at the 10-Life Stage, Boul Brimgan wasn't the Crown Prince of Emperor. Instead, his status was merely that of the Crown Prince.

'Such a powerhouse isn't on line to the throne?' Geugeu hurriedly controlled himself and motioned for Boul Brimgan to take a seat, "To what do I owe this pleasure?"

"I just wish to rest a little," Boul Brimgan smiled wryly, "There'll be too much chaos once I return, so I wish to recover my strength before then."

"I'll make accommodations for you nearby." Geugeu said, 'If I were to target the Major Treasure, will more people on his level show up to oppose me?'

He didn't reveal his thoughts and watched Boul Brimgan leave. Their conversation was short, because neither party wished to reveal each other's intention but didn't wish to pry into each other's business. After all, both were terrifyingly strong.

Geugeu did face the Boar King alone and didn't die a single time, even if the latter didn't use any Gold Grade Natures and was only at the peak of the Body Stage. It wasn't a feat anyone else had achieved.

Similarly, Boul Brimgan entered a Major Treasure's Influenced Region and made it out alive. The duo instantly recognised the strength and experience in the arsenal of each other and made a prompt decision to avoid conflict.

While the group of 38 Empyrean Snappers headed towards the Brimgan Empire, things at the Varahan Mansion took a strange turn.

"Ack!" Barla screamed in pain as she collapsed to the ground, spitting out her siblings who were in similar states. She reverted to human form and noticed her body was growing weak. Her Prana circulated through her body and began to counterattack the disease, but the propagation of the latter was faster.

Standing beside the six writhing siblings was Yennda, his mood gloomy upon hearing the painful screams that clearly reverberated in his ears. He had only blinked before noticing that his line of sight was at half the usual height.

Prime Skill—Prana Flash!

Prime Skill—Eddy Blade!

Prana erupted out of Yarsha Zahara's back in the form of condensed shockwaves to propel her forward, causing her body to flicker towards Yennda. The direction of shockwaves became tangential to her body and caused her to rotate at terrifying speeds.

Following the Prime Skill of Prana Flash, Prana quickly gathered at her wrists by taking advantage of her rapid spin, condensing a pair of blades that severed Yennda at the hips. In an instant, her figure flickered past Yennda, following which his severed half fell to the ground.

Once she stopped, she craned her hand backward and unleashed another pair of Eddy Blades that severed both of Yennda's arms.

She used the Prime Skill of Prana Flash and flickered towards him. Her right hand transformed into her Sumatra Gold Human Avatar as she plunged it straight through his chest and unleashed a pulse of Prana to locate his Spirit Container before grabbing it.

Her gaze was cold as she glared at Grehha, "I assumed you weren't an enemy."

"Seems I'm still an idiot." Saying so, she yanked out Yennda's Spirit Container and caused his Prana to see out and display the effects of his three Natures. She absorbed them all without hesitation, staring at Yennda in shock, 'Someone like him has three Natures? This is bullshit!'

"Has everything been assigned to you on a gold platter?" She muttered in disgust.



Chapter 516 Yarsha Zahara’s True Nature

?"Gold platter? Now, that's a surprise." Yennda laughed as he coughed out blood, gazing at Yarsha Zahara while he breathed his last, "You might have my power, but there's nothing you can do with it."

"I spent a lot of time manufacturing that disease. It'll take you years to replicate it."

His corpse collapsed to the ground in silence as Yarsha Zahara stared at her Human Avatar in a daze. As she understood Yennda's power, she realised that what he said was indeed the case.

Primary Nature—Fission and Fusion!

Secondary Nature—Infection!

Tertiary Nature—Mutation!

Yennda infected a target and weakened them through his Secondary Nature. He then caused them to mutate through his Tertiary Nature, allowing the mutation to fester and grow. Then, he used his Primary Nature to birth fission beings out of the infected target.

The fission beings would grow and devour each other, continuing to mutate as the infection they carried became more and more potent. And eventually, a brand-new strain of infection would be created.

Through the fusion aspect of his Primary Nature, Yennda stored the resultant strain of infection in his body. This took months to create. And even if Yarsha Zahara were to use his abilities on the same species as the original target and maintained the same environment, there was still zero guarantee of producing the same strain of infection.

As long as she doesn't know the recipe, she wouldn't be able to reverse-deduce it through Yennda's set of powers and create a cure. All she had was Yennda's power and not what he had created over time.

Preparatory abilities were her weakness and it was blatantly displayed now.

"Mom!" Barla shouted as she fainted, ill-prepared to tank such an attack, for it was the first time she faced such an ability.

"It…hurts." Brana struggled to stay awake, clutching his wounded stomach as he glared at Resha, "Please be careful against him, Mother. He's inherently dangerous."

Was Yarsha Zahara his ally? Was she his enemy? Brana didn't know, but to him, that mattered naught. She was his mother. And hence, he did his duty, "He's preparing a gravitational attack capable of launching projectiles at speeds close to father's top speed."

Yarsha Zahara's body promptly turned around as a kite-shaped Spirit Weapon appeared before her to tank the group of projectiles flying toward Brana. Upon coming into contact with the Spirit Weapon, they fell under her control as she stored them in her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox.

Only in this way could she handle the momentum behind the projectiles. She glared at Resha, "Stop that, Resha."

"I'm warning you."

"Step aside, Yarsha." Resha crushed the Bone Slip thrown to him by Grehha and expressed his intentions calmly as he stared at the six Wean Tribesmen, "They are Brangara's spawn. Don't you hate them too? Move to the side so that I can clean them up."

"They are my children too." Yarsha Zahara stared calmly as Prana began to churn around her, ready to actuate over a dozen Prime Skills at her disposal.

When her two selves fused, Yarsha Zahara retained the majority of her past life's intentions. But, she didn't include her children as targets of her hatred. They were innocent after all. And she was the one who brought them into this world.

It was her lack of judgement that she mated with the Boar King, but that was a decision brought about due to a lack of information. The fact of the matter is that she accepted the Boar King in this life and would maintain the status quo.

She'll continue to retain her hatred towards the Boar King until she comes to terms with it and manages to let go of it. After all, everyone dear to her was alive now. The hatred weighing her down was merely useless baggage.

As for Ruvva? She planned to reclaim her too. The fact about Ruvva's father being Virala remained irrelevant. Ruvva was her child and hence, Yarsha Zahara will lay claim upon her. That was how she acted.

Even in Sumatra Chronicles, upon seeing Resha remain devoted to Yahira, Yarsha Zahara schemed to copulate with him. And once a child began to grow in her womb, she took her leave. As a prideful woman, she did things her way.

"Resha, don't target them. Didn't you go through my explanation?" Grehha shouted in a hurry upon seeing Resha's attack, "They shouldn't be killed…"

"It was shocking, I'm still unable to figure out if it's the truth or not. Either way, whether my past is real or fake doesn't matter." Resha had regained his cool by now as he calmly stared at Grehha, "You're telling me to avoid killing Brangara's children, since their existence would keep the Boar King distracted?"

"Yes, that's precisely what I've been trying to…" Grehha stopped speaking upon feeling a terrifying level of power form in Resha, 'What the fuck is this power? I didn't know he had something like this hidden in him.'

'How is he doing this?' Grehha was in a state of shock upon seeing light faintly twist around Resha, signifying the sheer extent of gravitational pull he was generating now.

"This Ravaged Tribe…Wean Tribe, was it?" Resha stared at Brana to speak, "What do you think happens when they become Clansmen?"

"Even for the Boar King, it'll take at least three generations." Grehha grunted, "The Fourth Major Disaster will happen before that. So, it's never an issue!"

"That's why you shouldn't stay in safety all the time. It has dulled your sense of danger. It's a frightening state of being to exist as in Sumatra." Resha pointed at the ground, "I'm sensing Brangara's influence throughout the soil of this place. He has been releasing it for years."

He had fought the most number of times against the Boar King. And hence, he had trained himself to sense everything related to the Boar King. The moment he arrived at the Varahan Mansion, he could feel the Boar King's presence, one that had built up to a dangerous extent within the Wean Tribesmen.

He could feel the Boar King's rampant preparations, something completely different from his previous life. The Boar King never felt the need to make preparations in his past life. No matter what was thrown at him, the most it could force him was to activate one or two Internal Inertial Gravity.

But in this life, he had been forced to consider other aspects of his power, especially thanks to the schemes of Inala, Virala, and Orakha. Orakha stole the Nature of Daily Checkpoint that he had been keeping safe in his Astral Chart.

Virala's scheme almost caused him to die at the Mammoth Clan. And Inala had taken advantage of him twice and created the entire Loot fiasco for him to chase after. The existence of Loot—an Empyrean Boar trying to become the Empyrean Boar King and was damn close to achieving it—placed immense pressure upon him.

As a result, Brangara was forced to consider aspects of his power that he had ignored in the past, gradually becoming more versatile as time passed. He began to use his mind to form plans, schemes, and analyse all sorts of situations.

Through his sheer experience, the moment his feet touched the ground of Varahan Mansion, Resha could feel the Boar King's growth. That, coupled with the fact of Yarsha Zahara becoming the Boar King's wife sent him in a state of frenzy.

Currently, the Boar King wasn't at the scene. Therefore, it was best to nip the Wean Clan in the bud before they resulted in the Boar King's evolution.

An already absurdly overpowered existence experiencing an evolution? He didn't dare take the risk. He would rather destroy the Wean Tribe and face the Boar King's wrath. That was a situation he had calculated already and had the confidence to endure.

'As long as he's focused on killing me, I can lure him into the Attributed Region. I'll have a terrain advantage there.' That was his thought process. Currently, the Boar King's greatest threat was the Attributed Region. Hence, it was only wise to make use of it.

"During the Third Major Disaster, they'll attain Clansman status." Resha said calmly, "I can say this with guarantee. No matter what sort of scheme you brew, it'll become irrelevant in the face of the Boar King's evolution."

Currently, the Empyrean Boar King was a Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Upon evolving, he'd quite possibly reach Expert Mystic Grade. His Primary Nature was guaranteed to evolve in response.

Resha feared the result, able to think of a possible direction in which Voracious Nature could evolve, "At all costs, that future needs to be prevented."

"Do you want to see him evolve when we're already struggling to face him?" Resha approached the latter and lifted his head up to glare at Grehha, "Do you understand?"

"I know you're looking at the long term, but what use is it when we're about to die way before that?" He said and unleashed a wave of gravity to pull down the bone tornado, watching the Raid Team enter the Varahan Mansion upon judging the situation to be safe.

"Please leave her to me." Resha pointed at Yarsha Zahara, "She's a valuable Free Human. So, leave her alone."

"But they're evil, so I'll leave them in your hands," Resha said, acting like he was on their side. On the contrary, Resha wanted to capture Yarsha Zahara and bring her away while the Raid Team killed Brangara's children.

This way, the Brimgan Empire will take the full brunt of the Boar King's wrath, 'As long as he doesn't reach the 4-Life Stage, he would be unable to destroy the Brimgan Empire in one go. They have the most robust foundation on Sumatra.'

'While the two of them butt heads, I'll claim the Attribute.' With that thought in mind, Resha grabbed a solidified slab of lava, broke it into chunks, and targeted Yarsha Zahara with them, attacking her vicinity. This way, he prevented her from rescuing her children.



Chapter 517 Attributed Creature

?The flight of stairs made out of water reflected the sunlight, emanating a gentle beam of light across the region. The ceiling height was only a hundred metres, so any Gold Grade Pranic Beast intending to enter would have to crouch.

Most were smaller than that but there existed massive Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Even if they weren't as massive as an Empyrean Tusk or Empyrean Snapper, they were still big enough to be barred from entry.

But for the humans, this was a massive entrance as Inala and the rest calmly descended through the long stretch of glittering stairs. It was soft to the touch, for it was water. But the stairs were rigid, as if made out of granite due to the sheer density of water present in every cubic centimetre, equal in mass to a mountain range.

Inala crouched low and touched the stairs, "I'm able to recognise that it's water, but unable to interact with it."

He retracted his hand and observed that it wasn't wet. It was a strange feeling. Even though he was standing on water, could feel that he was standing on water, but was unable to do anything that he could with water. It messed with his common sense.

"As expected of the Attributed Region," Rhanalla said as she used Internal Inertial Gravity to reveal the true brunt of her weight, watching the step—she was standing upon—cave in mildly under her weight. The depression spanned a mere millimetre, even though the weight she was unleashing was in the thousands of tonnes.

Trulla approached the wall at the side of the flight of stairs and stared at it in interest. She looked to her side and upon noticing that none were staring at her, inched her head forward and extended her tongue to lick the wall.

Her face scrunched up for an instant before euphoria burst out of her being, "It's…water!"

Even with an Empyrean Tusk's power, it took forever for it to drink enough water from the surroundings. Any lake would be instantly emptied from a single Empyrean Tusk's action, not to mention that of the entire herd.

They would have to find a sea to satiate their thirst. But generally speaking, there were too many minerals dissolved in seawater. It mostly consisted of salts. Technically, it was good for the Empyrean Tusk's biome but not for its taste needs, which preferred freshwater instead.

The Attributed Region was created using water in its purest form. All dissolved minerals had been extracted out of the water making the place. And hence, when Trulla licked the wall, she was able to taste the water in its purest form.

Even though she couldn't lick much, the faint quantities stuck to her tongue were equivalent to a pond. The density didn't bother her, for she had Internal Inertial Gravity.

Like a geyser, the particle of water stuck to her tongue expanded to its original volume, causing a geyser to form in her mouth as the water gushed into her stomach. Trulla laughed cheerfully as it was fun.

"Cutie Inala!" She roared next and grabbed Inala, "When you obtain the Attribute, can you control this Attributed Region? If you can, bring it with us."

"I…don't think that is possible." Inala smiled wryly, "When Resha obtained it in Sumatra Chronicles, he wasn't able to control the Attributed Region. And during my research, I didn't notice the possibility of it happening either."

"No!" Trulla pouted as she longingly stared at the wall and licked it once again, appearing heartbroken as she was unwilling to part with it.

"Let's not waste time here." Rhanalla dragged Trulla with her and urged the other Empyrean Tusks to follow her lead, "We need to hurry."

"Cutie Inala will cry otherwise."

In a matter of minutes, the group of eight reached the end of the flight of stairs. They didn't run at their top speed and instead just walked while observing the place. The Attributed Region was no joke as it was capable of killing the current Boar King. So, they had to exercise utmost caution, even if they had a lot of information about the place.

A gate appeared before them, spanning a breadth of a hundred metres and a height of two kilometres. The only distinction between it and the rest of the walls forming the Attributed Region was its relatively lower density.

Light was refracted at a lower angle through it, the sole indicator of a density difference. Inala approached it and extended his hand nervously, touching the gate with his index finger. When his finger touched it, all he felt was a sensation of coming in contact with a normal waterfall.

He could feel the sensation of water cascading over his finger but nothing stuck to it. He neither felt the density nor the momentum behind the water. This was a mechanism present only at gates.

Water flowed through the Attributed Region at a speed of two kilometres per second. With every cubic centimetre weighing as much as a mountain range, forgetting getting killed, even the Boar King would be instantly dissolved. The sheer momentum present in it was unfathomable.

"It's safe," Inala said and passed through the gate, hearing his thumping heart accelerate in response, nervous to the extreme. When he reached the other side, he sighed in relief, staring to his back to see a nervous Asaeya nod back at him to signal that she was okay.

One after another, the six Empyrean Tusks made their way through, mentally stressed through the short encounter. They all could feel that the Attributed Region was manually allowing them entry through the gates.

It gave them hydrophobic characteristics to ensure they didn't interact with the water at the gate and avoid experiencing the true momentum behind its moving particles.

Fualla was the last to arrive as she looked around, becoming flustered in a matter of seconds, "I…wasn't prepared for this!"

She stared at the monolith made out of condensed minerals to the side, reading the information on it to understand that she was currently in compartment 10-K.

From the gate she had entered to the gate leading into compartment 9-K was a distance of 16 kilometres. It wasn't much from an Empyrean Tusk's perspective usually. But now, this seemed to stretch forever.

Layer 10 Mission—Rainfall!

Fualla stared at the ceiling of the Attributed Region which was two kilometres high. From the ceiling dripped droplets of blood, resembling rainfall. But each droplet travelled from the ceiling to the ground in a second.

As for their density, it was the same as the rest of the Attributed Region. Basically, if a droplet were to fall on her head, it would pierce through her body without issues. Only if she were to crank up Internal Inertial Gravity to her absolute limit and raise her body's density to the maximum would the droplet fail to easily touch the ground.

It would still travel through most of her body, resulting in her death. That was how dangerous the place was, and worst of all, this was merely the Tenth Layer.

"Don't lose your cool. Didn't we prepare for this already?" Rhanalla mildly slapped the back of Fualla's head and pointed at the monolith, "The Attributed Region's goal is to find an owner for the Major Treasure of Attribute and not kill us all. So, all regions have a method to clear it."

Compartment 10-K was divided into a grid, with each square occupying a square metre in area. The lowermost grid on the left was labelled with the number '1', the one on its right being '2', and so on. The entire grid was numbered.

After '9', it started with '1' again and continued to loop as such. The arrangement of numbers was done in such a way that it resembled a completed game of Sudoku.

Written on the monolith was a sequence of numbers, signalling when the droplet of rain would fall on a particular grid. There was a one-second interval that popped up in the grids, forming routes leading to the other side.

As long as they were to follow it, they would reach the gate leading to 9-K. Of course, it wasn't as simple as that, for reaching the gate did nothing. They would have to find the keys leading into Compartments 9-K, 10-L, and 10-J.

Their priority was to find keys leading to 9-K and if possible, hog all the keys leading to 10-L and 10-J. This way, they could reduce the number of competitors. But the problem were the existences guarding the keys.

Along one such safe route amidst the rain was a thin, grasshopper-like existence. It was made out of water, covered by minerals at occasional spots like an exoskeleton. When the rain fell on this creature, it bounced over the water portions.

The exoskeleton portions shattered at the impact but they were merely mineral segmentations. Upon impact, they dissolved into the grasshopper-like creature's body and were extracted in a matter of seconds to reform the exoskeleton.

In the centre of its body remained a key, made out of water but covered by a layer of sedimentation. To obtain it, they would have to defeat the creature. And upon obtaining the key, they'd have to shed its sedimentation.

Only then would the key be revealed, displaying the compartment it would lead them to. If they were lucky, they'd quickly find eight keys leading to Compartment 9-K. Otherwise, they'd waste time and energy needlessly.

"No matter what, don't get injured by it." Inala said with a solemn tone, "The Attributed Region will use our Prana to construct more of these Attributed Creatures."

"Now, let's go!" Once the timing was right, Inala shouted as the team flickered through the safe spots and made a beeline towards the grasshopper-like Attributed Creature, tensing up to see the latter react in response.

In silence, it extended its forearms and thrust forward like a whip spear, aiming for Inala's forehead.



Chapter 518 Kinesis Lantern Deity

﻿﻿A route formed between them and the grasshopper-like Attributed Creature for the duration of a second. Immediately in response, the group of eight cranked their Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength and rushed forward.

The Attributed Creature stabbed Inala with its whip spear, going for the kill. By changing his centre of gravity, Inala cranked his body backwards and evaded the attack. He extended four strings to coil around the arms of the Attributed Creature, binding it in response. "We only have room for one attack!"

"That'll be enough." Rhanalla condensed a bone hammer and slammed into the Attributed Creature's head, seeing a ripple course across its head from the impact. But other than that, nothing else happened.

Nitalla appeared behind the Attributed Creature and similarly unleashed a hammer attack, causing ripples to form across its head. All six Empyrean Tusks attacked, resulting in various ripples across the Attributed Creature's body that clashed with each other to form minor hurricane-like vortices.

Asaeya condensed six cylindrical Spirit Weapons that stabbed into a vortex each, keeping them spinning for an instant.

"We're leaving!" Inala shouted as he saw rain trail across the path they had taken; he retracted his strings of Prana and continued to run through a route that formed forth.

"We're done!" Rhanalla said as she dropped a Prana bomb in the cylindrical hole, joining the rest of the Empyrean Tusks who had done the same as the group sped forward.

"Keuk!" Asaeya grunted in the strain as the Attributed Creature's body applied pressure to close the six vortices, causing her Spirit Weapons to crack in response.

Prime Skill—Gravity Bomb!

The six Prana Bombs sucked in air, compressed it to the limit, and once they were charged up, exploded promptly. Droplets of water spilt out of the Attributed Creature and fell to the floor, revealing large holes across its body.

But in a matter of seconds, the holes closed up as its body was just made out of water. As for the water that had spilt on the ground? It gradually flowed into the Attributed Creature's feet and was absorbed into its body, causing its size to recover.

"It's not enough," Rhanalla said as she stared at the fracture on her left arm after a splashing droplet from the Attributed Creature fell on her. Thankfully, the momentum behind it wasn't strong enough to destroy her arm.

As she healed her wound, the group ran through the open path and traced back to their original location. And then, they waited for another path to open up.

This was the most frustrating part about the Attributed Region. The window of time to move was short. Hence, they would have to erupt with their strongest attack in that short duration.

Secondary Nature—Kinesis Lantern Deity!

Rhanalla activated the Nature gained from Maroppa fusing a Nature Weapon containing a Brimgan Royal's power into her. under the influence of Mystic Bone Art and Internal Inertial Gravity, the Secondary Nature of Kinesis Lantern Deity was created.

Currently, all Empyrean Tusks had equipped a Nature Weapon—with the power of an Empyrean Zinger—to their Tertiary Nature, for it would be useful for Prana recovery. But they didn't influence it to become their Tertiary Nature through Maroppa.

If they were to do that, then Gannala would no longer be able to enter their body and allow them to have a human form. Hence, leaving it empty was a necessity for strategic value.

Rhanalla's size increased by another three metres as she transformed into a creature of bone, humanoid in appearance, donning the same exoskeleton armour as an Empyrean Tusk. Immediately in response, Prana surged through her being and condensed a Spirit Weapon beside her which was in the shape of a Storage Lantern.

Originally when thinking of ways to influence their Secondary Nature, the Empyrean Tusks were deep in discussion. Merely having a Kinesis Deity form with an extended Spirit Weapon range wasn't much of use to them.

After all, why would they need to use a Spirit Weapon to attack afar when they could straight up unleash a meteor strike? They had precisely used that in the Dieng Canyon to target the Boar King.

Hence, range wasn't their priority. In terms of close combat, they excelled. Thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity, they trumped all in the field.

Therefore, when they began to explore other means, they decided on a certain aspect upon recalling Resha's actions from Sumatra Chronicles after he obtained the Major Treasure of Attribute.

He allowed it to influence Internal Inertial Gravity and as a result, transformed his Prana into it. With that, he was able to create Storage Lanterns that could hold more than a cubic metre in volume per floor and remain stably functional, without needing Prana.

A Storage Lantern was created from the tusk of an Empyrean Tusk. So, it was already the toughest material on Sumatra, which is why it could stably hold space that had twisted within it.

Twisting space to form a biome—big or small—was the greatest application of an Empyrean Tusk's power. Hence, being able to wield Storage Lanterns would further extend their power, which became the goal of their Secondary Nature.

Kinesis Lantern Deity boosted their Spirit Weapon Range by only two times. The remainder of its power was used to strengthen the stable volume holding capacity of the Storage Lantern.

The result was the creation of a volume capacity of 8400 cubic metres per floor. This was a cube with its sides measuring a bit over twenty metres. It was an insane increase, resulting in the creation of a Nature at the peak of Gold Grade, the same as Internal Inertial Gravity.

In human form, Kinesis Lantern Deity transformed Rhanalla into a giant exceeding five metres. It added an increase in height of three metres for all Empyrean Tusks, the same as what Kinesis Deity did to Brimgan Royals at the peak of the Body Stage.

"I refined this for a month." Saying so, Rhanalla poured Prana into her Storage Lantern, causing it to revert to its original size as its entrance opened. Air was sucked inside at a tremendous rate while the space within continued to bend.

Sweat dripped down her forehead as she was experiencing the strain in her human form, 'This would have been child's play in my Empyrean Tusk form.'

The sheer difference in the size of their brain in both forms evidently affected their processing power. But soon, she managed to succeed, having created a Gravity Bomb using a Storage Lantern.

"Protect us," She stared at Nitalla who brought out a one-

storey Storage Lantern and reverted it to its original size, a cube with sides slightly over twenty metres. Its entrance opened as everyone entered it, hiding in safety within it.

Rhanalla's one-storey Storage Lantern flew towards the grasshopper-like Attributed Creature once a path opened up, decently fast in its approach. Once it was close enough, the Attributed Creature attacked it with its whip spear, forming a dent with its attack.

But once it retracted the whip-spear, under Rhanalla's orders actuation, the Storage Lantern slammed into it and exploded. The resounding explosion unleashed a compressed gale, splattering copious amounts of water droplets from the Attributed Creature.

Rata-tata-tat!

Resounding impacts echoed within Nitalla's one-storey Storage Lantern, with holes forming in some places. The group hiding inside hurriedly evaded the water spill, for it had slowed down enough after breaking through the walls of the Storage Lantern.

"Quick! It has revealed itself!" Rhanalla shouted upon seeing a large enough hole had formed on the Attributed Creature. The key within was now revealed. In response to her shout, Asaeya's Spirit Weapon in the shape of a hand blasted forward and grabbed the key.

It turned around and threw it towards them with all its strength before a raindrop fell on it and shattered it into pieces.

"Catch it!" Inala shouted as he shot Prana Bombs into the air using a Sumatra Zinger, targeting the raindrops falling towards the key's flight path. All his actions did was stall the raindrops for the fraction of a second.

The other Empyrean Tusks did the same too, equipped with both the Nature of Prana Bomb and the Prime Skill of Sumatra Zinger. Hence, they too could effectively shoot heavy Prana Bombs while in human form.

The barrage of Prana Bombs stalled the raindrops long enough for them to barely miss the flying key. At the end of its flight path, the key fell into Asaeya's hands. Only then did everyone relax, and a moment later, collapse to the floor in exhaustion.

"How…much Prana did you spend?" Inala gasped as he stared at Rhanalla who had the highest consumption of them all.

"6550 Prana," Rhanalla gasped as she closed her eyes and focused on recovering the expended Prana, "The Gravity Bomb using my Spirit Lantern was the most expensive of them all."

Letting out a sigh, she good up quickly after, "How did Resha manage to obtain it before? He wasn't even a tenth close to my strength back then."

"It took him months and a lot of suffering." Inala said, "And a good majority of the time, he simply stole the keys from the hands of the exhausted Brimgan Empire Free Humans."

"It's more stressful for us because we're planning to obtain it before the Boar King arrives in eight hours," Inala said and watched as Asaeya used a Spirit Weapon to shed the mineral coating on the key, revealing a key of water inside.

Embedded in its centre was a sediment of minerals forming the word '10-L'. Upon seeing it, everyone on the ground groaned. After all that effort, they obtained a key that would take them to an adjacent compartment in the Tenth Layer.

"Let's target the next one," Inala pointed at an Attributed Creature situated six hundred metres away from their location. He held a Bone Slip and recorded the sequence of opening for the path leading to it and the timings for connecting to other paths for their return trip. It was impossible to perfectly remember everything.

And hence, they had Bone Slips for the same. By constantly referring to it, the information that floods their mind would remain fresh, allowing them to make instantaneous correct decisions. The moment Rhanalla was ready, they took action, targeting the second Attributed Creature in hopes that their resources would last long enough until they reached the Major Treasure of Attribute.



Chapter 519 Infiltration and Awareness

?"Shit!" Inala cursed in anger as he stared at the bunch of keys in his possession, "It took us three hours to gather them."

Eight keys leading to Compartment 9-k and twenty keys leading to the adjacent compartments, their luck was abysmal. Even though Inala wanted to gather the remaining two keys that would lead into Compartment 9-k, he noticed the positions of the respective Attributed Creatures, each of which was situated at a corner.

They would have to target the first in the same manner as before, wait for the route to open up again and target the second. The paths had narrower internals, with them having to change multiple paths along the way, similar to trains changing tracks to avoid the rainfall.

The worst part was that the path opened for the first Attributed Creature five minutes later, while it took a freaking forty minutes to form one for the second. Spending half the time in the Tenth Layer was pure foolishness. After all, there were fifteen other entrances.

"Let's hurry," Inala said and led the group into Compartment 9-K. When they passed through the gate, the Attributed Region sensed them. Those with the keys to Compartment 9-K were naturally granted hydrophobic characteristics at the gate leading into it.

Anyone who tries to enter it without the key would be dissolved instantly.

Even with six Empyrean Tusks assisting him, it still took time. Having a bigger group would only consume more time, since they would have to fight for more keys. Six Empyrean Tusks was the minimum amount Inala felt necessary to efficiently dispatch the Attributed Creatures.

"I almost forgot about it." Before he entered the gate leading to Compartment 9-K, Inala took out three Mutated Empyrean Zingers from his stomach biome and then brought out bags of his blood.

The three Empyrean Zingers stored the blood in their stomach biome and split off. Two of them carried the keys leading to 10-J and 10-L respectively. Soon, once a path opened up, they entered the respective Compartments, waiting for the group of Empyrean Tusks there to enter the Ninth Layer.

As for the Empyrean Zinger left behind in Compartment 10-K, it rushed through a path and unleashed a geyser of blood, emptying its stomach biome. Inala's blood drizzled onto the floor and was absorbed by the latter.

In a matter of seconds, using the Prana residue in the blood, new Attributed Creatures resembling Inala were birthed. They had his characteristics and instincts. These Attributed Creatures would give a harder time to whoever enters Compartment 10-K next.

In a matter of minutes, new Attributed Creatures were created, ones more dangerous than the grasshopper-like Attributed Creatures that Inala's group had faced.

While the Attributed Region was developing, it absorbed Prana from creatures that fell into its boundary by mistake and died. This was then used to create the Attributed Creatures.

These Attributed Creatures were the primary cause behind the deaths of more than half the Mammoth Clan.

All Empyrean Tusks carried his blood, intending to spill it into the Compartments they were in after getting enough keys to enter a deeper Layer. It would hold back others for a longer time.

As Inala had extensively prepared for the Attributed Region, the Attributed Creatures created out of him would be deadlier in the region. They would cause countless wounds to the beings entering the Attributed Region, and as a result cause more Attributed Creatures to form.

Eventually, the Attributed Region would become a terrifying land of death, filled with enough Attributed Creatures that even the Boar King would refrain from entering it. That had happened in the Sumatra Chronicles, which is why the Brimgan Empire failed to take advantage of it.

Now, Inala was simply accelerating it. His actions would make exiting the Attributed Region hell, but by then, he would have evolved, able to wield superior powers. That wasn't all. They had a contingency plan for one path, which would be their path of exit.

…

'Enough time has passed.' Blola thought while in the form of a Parute Tree. He observed his surroundings for a moment before assuming his Transcendent Eater form.

"What the…?"

"Does this make sense?"

"Don't dawdle! Suppress it!"

The Free Humans in the vicinity expressed varying responses to the situation. But as this was in the centre of a company based around Raiding the regions surrounding the Brimgan Empire, all the cultivators had ample fighting experience.

Less than a second later since Blola had assumed his Transcendent Eater form, hundreds of Spirit Weapons flew his way, injuring him tremendously. But, that did nothing as his injuries healed at terrifying rates.

"In this blessed land, I am invincible!" Blola felt strength surge through his being as his roots dug deeper into the ground, sucking in minerals bursting out of the Southern Vein. In this region, he would never face a shortage of resources, capable of regenerating his body without limits.

Carnivorous mouths lashed about, destroying the building he was within, forcing the fighting cultivators to flee in response. The large building blocks crumbled into dust under the thrashing of his stalks. And once they became soil, they turned into nutrients for his growth.

Mystic Bone Art—Overgrowth!

His Transcendent Eater form began to expand in size, building more stems, stalks, leaves, and carnivorous mouths. Soon enough, it became massive enough for everyone in the respective city to observe.

Boom!

Blola's height reached three hundred metres, stopping there for it was the limit that he could control for the time being. The original Transcendent Eater could grow big enough to resemble the moon and was capable of destroying Sumatra Continent overnight.

Hence, even though his Transcendent Eater was a watered-

down version, it was still an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast, capable of a level of destruction on the level of an Empyrean Tusk but with superior vitality.

"What the fuck is this?"

"Who knows? It's attacking us! So shut up and attack it with everything you got!" The Raid Teams in the vicinity scrambled in a fluster, unable to counter Blola.

They had never heard about the existence of a Transcendent Eater. Hence, they didn't know what to do against it, forget being able to counter it.

Swoosh!

One of the Transcendent Eater's branches lashed about horizontally, sending all buildings in its way flying. Dust clouds were raised as many people died. The Free Humans were forced to protect the people and rescue those severed injured.

Those who dared fight him were unable to damage him fast enough. Even if they were to cut off branches, all damage healed.

There was no head counterpart for the Transcendent Eater. If even a piece of root was alive, by absorbing nutrients, it could regrow to full size in a matter of seconds. Hence, it was impossible to kill Blola.

Once he unleashed a rain of attacks to force the attackers into a defensive position, Blola reverted to his human form and rushed through the dust cloud, making a beeline towards the closest entrance into the Attributed Region.

A few months in advance, a tunnel formed underground his position at the company. The other body of Blola walked there. Even though they were away from each other, they were within 180 metres of each other, allowing the minds of the two to become connected.

Through that, the current body of Blola became aware of everything that had happened. The Empyrean Tusks were actively participating in the race for the Attribute. Hence, whatever plans he had could only be dropped.

Otherwise, Raaha would begin suppressing him even more fiercely. Since the Major Treasure of Attribute wasn't entirely useful for his goal, Blola didn't resist Raaha's orders. Hence, he began to make his way towards the entrance.

The crowd that had barricaded the region obviously stopped him. In response, Blola assumed his Transcendent Eater form once again, raining chaos on the region. Whenever chance presented itself, he reverted to human form and moved closer.

Eventually, he managed to assume Transcendent Eater form right next to the entrance, preventing anyone else from approaching the place. His mission was to continue guarding the entrance, for it would be used by the group of Empyrean Tusks to exit the Attributed Region.

At the same time, he felt Yennda's death, beginning to revive him already. Yennda would be another insurance to protect this entrance.

If anyone on the level of Bronsk Brimgan were to arrive, Blola could simply chuck Yennda towards the latter. It would force the Brimgan Empire powerhouses to focus on treating themselves, buying enough time for Blola to revive Yennda once again.

He would keep repeating it until the Empyrean Tusks arrived at Compartment 10-A, the entrance to which he was guarding at present.

Once he had taken position, Blola's body flinched upon feeling his mind become connected to his other body. A hundred metres underground, there formed a tunnel in which Blola was accompanied by Raaha and the rest.

They were there to receive the Empyrean Tusks who would enter the tunnel under Blola's cover. Besides, using this mental connection between the two bodies of Blola, Raaha and the rest were able to learn of the situation above ground in real-time.

Mammoth Clansmen were performing the same all across the Empire, subtly spying on the situation by taking advantage of their mental connection at the Life Stage. And seated next to their bodies underground were Mammoth Clansmen that had fused with the egg of a Zinger.

Their purpose was to transmit all the information through shrieks, capture and retransmitted by Mammoth Clansmen—

with Zinger powers—seated at regular intervals until the information reached Raaha.

A group of Mammoth Clansmen with the power of a Zinger accompanied his group of Empyrean Tusks, constantly relaying all sorts of information to the Mammoth Clan Chief through Bone Slips.

As a result, even though he was in a secluded location underground, Raaha was aware of everything happening in the Brimgan Empire. Basically, the Mammoth Clan had completely infiltrated this Free Human utopia.



Chapter 520 Role Reversal

?"Hmm…? This should be safe enough." Virala muttered as he infiltrated a house situated in a city in the Northern Lake. Four people were living there—a father, a mother, an older brother, and a younger sister.

The siblings were very young. In terms of age, the father was younger than Virala. Upon observing that, he appeared before them in his Mystic Ewworm form, startling the family.

Spirit Weapon—Golden Giant!

This was the tool developed at the end of his tail by consuming the refined minerals forming the Golden Giant's stomach, ones enriched with the effect being unleashed in the stomach. As his tail could become it, through his Secondary Body Stage 1 partial transformation of Tool, Virala could wield it as his Spirit Weapon.

A fist-sized stamp hovered beside him and stamped upon the forehead of the man of the houseful, causing him to scream in response as all the information in his mind manifested tangibly in the air beside him.

Virala condensed a cluster of Spirit Slips and threw them into the tangible information, watching them absorb all the information. And once they became full, they exploded, dissipating as a mild wave of Prana.

"Don't try to escape." Virala's Mystic Ewworm elongated in length and coiled around the remaining three. His tail moved forth and formed the same stamp as his Spirit Weapon, touching the woman of the household's forehead.

All information in her mindspace flowed out and condensed into tangible clusters of information. Virala stored them in his Spirit Slip and watched as due to the increasing information, the cluster of unstable Spirit Slips shattered, destroying all the information in them.

This was just an easy way to get rid of all the unwanted information. Virala only wanted a puppet family to take care of Ruvva until he obtains the Attribute and returns.

An hour later, the family of four was in a daze, extracted of all information from their mindspace. Virala then put a Spirit Slip cluster in the mouths of each, watching them swallow it. Once the Spirit Slips shattered, the information in them naturally flowed into their mindspace.

The eyes of the man shot open as he devotedly approached Ruvva and carried her. The woman of the house took action promptly and began to breastfeed a crying Ruvva, patient until the latter had her fill and fell asleep.

'They have enough food to last a few days. That's enough.' Virala thought as he made his exit, 'The wisest way would be to obtain the Attribute before the Boar King begins to target it. Thankfully, many things are happening here that need his attention.'

A few minutes after he had left, an entrance formed on the floor as Gannala peeked out stealthily. She stared at Ruvva and let out a grin. With a wave of her hand, the family of four fell unconscious, targeted by a powerful presence beyond what they could endure.

Virala had selected the weakest family possible, since destroying their minds and making them take care of Ruvva would be the fastest and the simplest to execute. As a result, Gannala could easily subdue them through her presence alone.

"You'll be calling me the big sister in the future." Gannala said as she picked up Ruvva, controlling the momentary disgust that formed on her face, "You're not a Mammoth Clansman. That's a pity. But no worries,"

"I'll raise you as one." She retreated into the floor and closed the entrance to the tunnel, speaking upon meeting up with Raaha, "Chief, I've secured the inheritor of the Violet Mystic Path."

"Good work," Raaha was all smiles as he approached Ruvva, "I can clearly feel her presence of a Free Human. She's extremely special even among Free Humans."

"It's a bit of a pity." Vhalla muttered from the side, "Virala became a Free Human. I would have continued to support his actions had he remained a Mammoth Clansman."

"I have Virala in custody." Gannala nodded, her expression gradually turning dark as she spoke, "Since his Free Human body slept with the Boar King's wife, that's the perfect reason to set the Boar King on him. The Free Human Virala will be killed by the Boar King."

"Please don't," Gannala said with a tone of caution upon guessing Vhalla's intentions to deal with the Free Human Virala herself, "We don't have a proper idea of his abilities. It's too risky to deal with him otherwise. He gave up a Mystic Grade version of the Mammoth Ancestor's power for this. So, it's bound to be damn dangerous."

"Chief!" The Mammoth Clansman with the power of a Zinger beside Raaha shouted in alarm, "Resha and Grehha are fighting. Grehha…he…"

"Grehha is protecting the Boar King's children!"

"Leave them be." Raaha waved his hand, "Both Resha and Grehha know what they're doing. Since both of them are right, let them duke it out."

He then let out a command, "Be ready underground the Varahan Mansion. If either Resha or Grehha gets killed, be ready to reclaim the Treasures from their corpses."

Resha had the Minor Treasure of Spectral Eyes and the Major Treasure of Cure while Grehha had the Minor Treasure of Corporeal Mixer. All three were extremely important to the Mammoth Clan. Spectral Eyes and Corporeal Mixture were peak Minor Treasures in the Mammoth Clan's possession.

As for the Major Treasure of Cure, it needn't be said. That was a Major Treasure, and one that gave the wielded the power of External Inertial Gravity, transforming their Nature into Perfect Inertial Gravity.

All were core powers of the Mammoth Clan, their foundation for countless eras forward. Hence, in the likelihood of the deaths of Resha and Grehha, they need to have backup plans to reclaim the three Treasures.

"Don't do anything else," Raaha said and stared at Gannala to gain confirmation from the latter that his decision was correct.

"They are prepared to deal with the consequences of their actions, no matter what it might be." Gannala said and pointed at Blola, "And even if they fail, we have him to revive them."

"Can I…object it?" Blola said with a trembling voice, "I don't think I can physically or mentally endure reviving Resha."

"You can revive him easily once you reach the 3-Life Stage." Gannala stared at Blola and patted him on the shoulder, "I'll help you work hard and beat up the Transcendent Eater's mind further."

"We're in no hurry to revive Resha." Her eyes turned cold, "He needs to understand things at stake here."

As the Mammoth Clansmen moved into a tunnel two hundred metres below the Varahan Mansion, the battle above was heating up fiercely.

"Resha, just listen to me for a damn second!" Grehha shouted as he hurriedly condensed a wall of bone before Barla and the rest to tank an attack from the Raid Team. He hurriedly enveloped the group of six Wean Tribesmen in an Empyrean Incubator to pull them away, watching his bone constructs get sliced up easily.

The Raid Team had made preparations to counter not only Yarsha Zahara but also the Boar King. Hence, they were immensely powerful, beyond what the experience-lacking Grehha could endure.

"Do you…truly wish to kill my child, Resha?" Yarsha Zahara had been running across the place, grabbing all the Comets and Satellites to tank the Raid Team, only to watch Resha hinder her actions.

All along, he was targeting her vicinity, preventing her from approaching her children. And as he was only launching rocks from the ground, she couldn't use her Nature to absorb them and retaliate.

"They are already affected by Yennda's disease." Grehha shouted, "The Boar King would have to beg for the Cooter Clan's assistance. And even with their assistance, it'll take a decade or two to fully cure his children."

"That's more than enough time to target them. We'll have plenty of chances to deal with them while they're in the Cooter Clan's custody." Grehha roared in frustration, "I'm just asking you to avoid harming them until one of us obtains the Attribute."

'Neither of them is an ally. But at least until the Attribute shows itself, Grehha is on my side.' Yarsha Zahara thought as she launched all the Satellites from her Minor Treasure of Lunchbox, intending to attach them as protective shields to her children, only to see high-speed projectiles shred them apart.

"Resha! Why?" Her gaze was red as she glared at Resha, "If you're that angry, just kill me!"

"I can't," Resha said, "I care about you."

"Then show some of it to my children!" She shouted, "They're MY CHILDREN, dammit!"

"Not my problem," Resha continued to create opportunities for the Raid Team to target the Wean Tribe.

'Since you don't dare harm me, I'll use it against you!' Yarsha Zahara activated her Prime Skill of Prana Flash to rapidly approach Resha. A kite-shaped Spirit Weapon hovered before her, intending to absorb Resha's gravitational attack.

Without that, he wouldn't be able to thwart her approach. Her spontaneous decision was perfect. Unfortunately for her, Resha's goal was different from the start.

"Who said…I wanted to buy time until the Fourth Major Disaster." Resha muttered as his eyes glowed a hint of red.

Major Treasure: Cure—External Inertial Gravity!

The gravitational flux slammed into Yarsha Zahara, stunning her as she wasn't able to absorb it. Her Nature only worked on Natures and not Major Treasures which functioned beyond the existing laws of Sumatra.

And unlike before when he unleashed External Inertial Gravity, Resha was purely harnessing the power of his Major Treasure of Cure.

"Stop!" She shouted in shock as lava burst out of the ground, a residue from Orakha's attack that Resha maintained until now. Under the twisting effects of gravity, it swirled into a cocoon around Yarsha Zahara and trapped her within, solidifying in a matter of seconds.

"I have compressed enough air there. It might feel suffocating, but there's enough for you to breathe for a couple of days." Resha then unleashed another pulse of gravity to send Grehha flying away for hundreds of metres, causing the latter to slam into dozens of buildings before coming to a stop.

"Heup!" He grunted as he lifted a boulder and hurled it toward Grehha, "Sit there for a moment."

'He's arrived!' Resha grinned upon sensing that the Boar King was now close enough to observe the happening at the Varahan Mansion, 'I've wasted enough time. Now, I'll give you a taste of what I experienced, Brangara.'

'Is that something Inala had done?' He was stunned for a moment upon hearing dozens of baby Empyrean Tusk cries. But as it had already happened twice, he attributed it to another of Inala's plans, 'So, he too has been thinking of stalling the Boar King. That mindset wouldn't work. We need to actively hunt him down!'

Boom!

Destroying his surroundings as he sped towards the Brimgan Empire, the Boar King took another leap, observing the Varahan Mansion through his powerful sight, observing two individuals hover in the air. "Yaha! Hara!"

"…Dad…help!" Yaha cried out in despair as blood spurted out of her eyes. She barely made out the figure of her father over the horizon as her world became dyed red.

"NO! NOO! NOOO!" The Boar King hollered in despair as his youngest daughters were crushed into pulp. And then, like broken dolls, they fell to the ground, devoid of life.

Causing a dull splat.



