Chapter 691 Dominating Hidden Eye

Unlike the Guna Caves, Inala ensured the tunnel in the cyclotron wasn't pitch black. The Hidden Eye relied upon sight, and if it couldn't see anything, it would target its surroundings in an effort to make a line of sight.

He had already confirmed multiple instances of it and experimented with the range, power, variations, etc. If not for the Biome Lattice, he wouldn't have enough Prana to make such an inconceivable number of experiments to fully tabulate all of the Hidden Eye's data.

That was in terms of experiments. He also took precautions, even against the Transcendent Eater. Virala said he spoke to Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. Their short conversation was more than enough for Inala to calculate based on the Brimgan Founder's memories that all the Parute Trees were an extension of the Transcendent Eater.

It wasn't just that. He could tabulate the range of information the Transcendent Eater could gain from a Parute Tree, from sight, sound, smell, etc.

As a result, he was currently taking action at a place far beyond the detection range of Sumatra's Transcendent Eater. It wouldn't know what Inala was doing.

Moreover, all the Transcendents could only view what was happening on Sumatra's surface. Since the Ravaged Federation was deep underground, they weren't able to see what was happening there.

If they were to come to know that he planned to consume the Hidden Eye, they would obviously disrupt his plans, since what he was doing would pretty much compromise Sumatra's safety.

Inala didn't wish to destroy Sumatra's safety net. All he intended to do was introduce a new rule in the net, which was in the name of the Royal Zinger.

In this safe spot away from the eyes of all third parties, Inala assumed his Mystic Grade Royal Zinger form, grabbed the cyclotron, and pulled it deeper underwater. As the interior darkened, the Hidden Eye began to feel some discomfort.

However, since it could still make out its target through it, the rules forming it made it maintain the erasing process. The eight hands of the Royal Zinger grabbed onto the cyclotron and began to spin it along its axis, in the same direction of motion as the Hidden Eye.

This way, from an external perspective, the Hidden Eye remained still. As he gradually increased the spinning speed of the cyclotron, Inala made adjustments until the Hidden Eye was positioned right before him.

They were separated only by the walls of the Biome Bombs forming the cyclotron. He felt the Hidden Eye's presence but wasn't able to see it, for he wasn't its target. However, that didn't matter, as his upcoming plan would solve it.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

This Nature allowed him to dominate everything within his Biome Bomb. And as his hands were in contact with the Biome Bomb in the instant the Hidden Eye flew into its respective segment, he could apply the effects of Perfect Biome Domination upon it.

He didn't actively start the process though, for at the slightest contact, the Hidden Eye would target him and erase him. Instead, all he did was seep the mildest of his Prana into the Hidden Eye through its injuries.

His Prana had the properties of his Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty. So, in terms of influence generated by Prana, the Royal Zinger topped Sumatra. Inala was using Perfect Biome Domination to seep traces of his Prana into the Hidden Eye.

That was enough for the first phase as he watched the Hidden Eye gradually expend its influence, constantly erasing targets that had assumed flight.

Right after it had erased a Silver Biome Bomb in a segment and moved forward, another would pop up at the exact spot. It wasn't flying though and instead fell through the tunnel due to gravity, just like the rest of the Silver Biome Bombs. Only one assumed flight per second.

Inala was the one actively replenishing Silver Biome Bombs while continuing to spin the cyclotron. Actually, he could simply use psychokinesis to spin it. However, that would consume a significant portion of his concentration and Prana. He needed everything in his arsenal to influence the Hidden Eye.

Hence, he used physical might to spin the apparatus. He had eight arms anyway and the necessary motion was something the Royal Zinger was genetically geared to excel at. Moreover, every time his arm touched the cyclotron while trying to spin it, he could use the contact to unleash the power of Perfect Biome Domination on the Hidden Eye right within.

Thirty orbs hovered on his back, latched using strings of Prana. Twenty-nine of them glowed with full strength while the final one was somewhat dimmer. Eight strings of Prana had latched onto Inala from it, constantly supplying him with Prana.

The Bolt of Transcendence was reverting into Prana and funnelling into Inala. This gave him the necessary Prana to perform everything he was doing.

At the Mystic Grade, the Royal Zinger could absorb Prana through eight channels—strings of Prana. Each string absorbed 40 units of Prana every second, equating to a total of 320 units of Prana per second.

Currently, he was actively absorbing 320 units of Prana and was using them all, observing the influence stored within the Hidden Eye was getting used up at a consistent pace. At his current pace, he'll be consuming an orb in 6250 seconds, which came to about 104 minutes.

Basically, in less than two hours, he was consuming a Bolt of Transcendence worth of Prana. As time passed, and a sufficient amount of his Prana had seeped into Hidden Eye, he was able to see it through sight.

Him being able to see it was proof that his influence had accumulated to the necessary level, 'Time to start the next step of the process!'

He began to descend deeper into the ocean, waiting patiently as he could eventually sense the amount of influence within the Hidden Eye, 'A few more hours, and it'll no longer have the strength to resist me.'

He could have bombarded it with the Bolts of Transcendence and achieved closer to his goal by using a minimal number of bolts. But he wanted to make a Major Treasure out of Hidden Eye, which was why he intended to dominate it first.

Once it was fully under his control, he could take his time seamlessly fusing it with a piece of Sumatra Gold, Bolts of Transcendence, and as many bodies of his as necessary for the end product to form.

Fourteen hours later, having consumed seven Bolts of Transcendence, Inala watched in relief as the Hidden Eye had consumed most of its power. Now, the Major Treasure's influence in it was on par with the Royal Zinger's influence. The two sides were in a conflict, equal in power.

The Royal Zinger's influence had the upper hand but played defensive, as the goal wasn't to destroy the Hidden Eye. As its power was running low, Inala began to drop down with the cyclotron, entering the depths until his surroundings became pitch black.

Immediately in response, the Hidden Eye glitched. It felt the entity assuming flight but wasn't able to erase it as it couldn't see. It didn't sense the Silver Biome Bomb assuming flight like cultivators detected living beings through their Prana detection means—prickles on their skin.

Its rules were activated since an existence had attained flight. The condition was similar to the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power that activated upon the user's death.

As its rules were active, it was in the vicinity of the target it had to erase. However, as it couldn't see, it couldn't do its job, even though the Silver Biome Bomb was hovering right under it.

And as the target for erasing was right next to it, the Hidden Eye remained in place, helpless. At that moment, a Silver Biome Bomb crashed into it from above, prompting its retaliation. As the Silver Biome Bombs were falling through the cyclotron, they naturally slammed into the Hidden Eye that had stopped.

It began to erase the Silver Biome Bombs falling on it. And it played out exactly as Inala had intended. After all, the Hidden Eye was only able to erase one existence at a time. And it could use its power only once per second. Every second, a Silver Biome Bomb crashed into it, prompting it to erase the culprit.

The Silver Biome Bombs had minimal mass, not even scratching the Hidden Eye. But as they were busy getting erased one by one, nothing was stopping Inala from unleashing the full power of Perfect Biome Domination.

As the Hidden Eye was already engaged with a line of targets, its set of rules wouldn't erase him until all the Silver Biome Bombs were erased.

The extent of danger didn't matter to it, as it wasn't a living being. The rules it operated by simply made it erase any existence that tried to damage it, however minimal. And if there were multiple such targets, the Hidden Eye would erase them on a first come first served basis.

Inala's current spot on the list to be erased was at the bottom, gradually moving upward as the Silver Biome Bombs were getting targeted. As long as he deactivates Perfect Biome Domination before it is his turn, he will remain safe.

The Silver Biome Bomb next on the list would be targeted. And right after that, Inala could use Perfect Biome Domination once again, as he would be placed at the bottom of the list once he does. This way, he could repeat the process in safety.

As the Hidden Eye couldn't see, it could only passively target the entities touching it. And since the Silver Biome Bomb right under it was in a state of flight, it remained at the location, not vanishing.

It took an entire day and the Prana from twelve Bolts of Transcendence before Inala had dominated the Hidden Eye. As long as he doesn't deactivate Perfect Biome Domination, the Hidden Eye will remain his.

Upon deactivation, it would recover its original state at an exponential pace, able to resume its function in a matter of minutes. Hence, he would have to complete the process in one go.

Without hesitation, Inala threw a piece of Sumatra Gold and used Perfect Biome Domination to gradually mix it with the Hidden Eye. He then unleashed a Bolt of Transcendence to fuse the two into a singular whole, pouring in two Bolts of Transcendence worth of Royal Zinger Prana.

The Sumatra Gold enhanced, stabilised, and realistically made the Hidden Eye attuned to the Royal Zinger, allowing him to control it with minimal effort. The functions of Hidden Eye ought to remain the exact same as before. The only difference would be that the power now remained in Inala's control.

This would open up a lot of possibilities for Inala, with the greatest gain being able to fly without worries, and the sole existence being able to do it.

In its current state, as Inala made modifications, the Hidden Eye was able to generate its influence upon absorbing the Royal Zinger's Prana. The Major Treasure of Attribute had become a part of Inala's genetics.

And its function was to give an attribute to the Prana. Thanks to it, Inala's Prana was rapidly consumed and assimilated by the Hidden Eye, using which it could generate its influence. Currently, it was under his control.

But the moment he deactivates Perfect Biome Domination, it would revert to its original state of function, but with the added benefits he had given it.

"Now comes the head-breaking part." Inala sighed and began to drop in Grade, returning to his base state as an Expert Silver Grade Royal Zinger. He then began to fuse his bodies into it one after another with the addition of Nectar, taking his time to perfectly align it within the Hidden Eye.

The influence generated by a Major Treasure builds an Influenced Region. Inala was doing the reverse of the process. With the power of the Major Treasure of Attribute, Inala's Prana will accumulate the Hidden Eye's influence, accumulating it to an extreme level until the influence fuses into the piece of Sumatra Gold alongside Nectar and his corpses, elevating it into a Major Treasure.

As the power generated by Attribute was Mystic Royalty, it was possible to accumulate Prana and Lifeforce to increase the grade. Just as he raised his Grade, Inala had to do the same to the stack in the Sumatra Gold, but by bit, accumulating the Royal Zinger genes to the Gold Grade through Nectar.

'Let's hope I have enough Prana until the process ends.' Unlike when he created the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch, Inala didn't have to perform precise control, since the end product already existed. All he needed to worry about was having enough Prana to complete the process.

'I won't be able to have a wink of sleep until it ends.' He sighed and stared at his orbs which were being consumed at an incredibly slower rate than before. After all, the Bolts of Transcendence were condensed using two million units of Mystic Grade Prana each.

Inala was currently absorbing Silver Grade Prana from it, which would take him forever to consume Prana worth a Bolt of Transcendence.



Chapter 692 Flight

Inala's Biome Bomb refined 180 units of Silver Grade Prana into one unit of Gold Grade Prana. In terms of Royal Zinger genes, the same ratio applied.

As a result, to get the effect of a single Gold Grade body of his, Inala needed to fuse 180 Silver Grade bodies of his with Nectar. And he had to stack the resultant substance ten times to finish creating a Major Treasure.

The biggest problem with this was that he had to do it while at the Silver Grade. Things would have been many times simpler if he could be his Mystic Grade self. The sheer amount of brainpower he attained at the Mystic Grade was unreal, allowing him to perform tasks that otherwise seemed impossible.

To reach the Mystic Grade was to become an absolute existence. That fact held true in every field, irrespective of how much Sumatra's power system developed.

Thankfully for him, unlike when he created the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch, the Hidden Eye's accumulating influence did all the intricate work. He only had to supply Prana and seamlessly fuse his bodies with Nectar and allow Hidden Eye's influence to integrate the resultant within its framework.

His Silver Grade brain was able to handle the work, initially. However, as the days passed with him having zero rest, despite how much Lifeforce he supplied to himself to stay at an optimal state of being, exhaustion was gradually setting in him at a fundamental level.

Inala felt restless, as he was losing out in the field of information. Though he received a ginormous volume of information from the Brimgan Founder, he no longer had a handle on the current affairs. It was unlike when he was preparing for the Attribute, which was when he had the most knowledge about his allies and enemies.

But now, he hardly had an idea. If not for Orakha and Virala arriving at the Ravaged Federation, he wouldn't even know about the birth of Yamahara. Losing out on information would make him irrelevant in the long run, even if he was strong, as he wouldn't know what his enemies were capable of and the means to counter their plans.

It was a necessary trade-off as Inala's hands were tied until he created the necessary Major and Minor Treasures for himself and the Quip Clan.

The days passed without issues as he held on, despite his growing exhaustion. He could have a comfortable nap once he had succeeded. Looking forward to some peaceful rest in the future, he gritted through the painstaking endurance, keeping his wits about himself as he did his work nonstop.

Days turned into months and months into years. Finally, fourteen years after the Second Major Disaster, Inala stared with a heated expression as he sent in the final Bolt of Transcendence, observing a concentrated mass of presence condense before him.

A few seconds later, it solidified into an eyeball, immediately unleashing a pillar of light that looped around the cyclotron. Thanks to Perfect Biome Domination, he was able to keep it concealed. However, it was getting harder to do so in his Silver Grade self.

He elevated himself to Beginner Gold Grade and was able to handle the pillar of light generated by the newly created entity.

Major Treasure—Flight!

It had the same power as the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye. However, there was one difference. It was a Royal Zinger exclusive power now.

Only Inala could fuse with the Major Treasure of Flight and wield its power. No one else would be able to fuse with it, including Quip Clansmen.

His heart rate accelerated to its zenith as he stared in excitement at the Major Treasure. He could easily claim it to be his greatest creation. After all, this entity completely Sumatra's warfare rules.

To date, all battles and wars have been waged two-dimensionally. However, Inala alone could fight three-dimensionally, since he could fly, which no other existence could do. But that wasn't all.

The Major Treasure of Flight granted Inala's strongest wish, which was to explore Sumatra. With it, he could freely roam across the Continent without danger, as he could simply fly over everyone.

'Once everything's done, I'll be able to fly freely.' He thought with a longing expression and stared at the sky, seeing the void stretching beyond the Ravaged Federation, carrying streams of water that reached the earth beyond the void.

He entered the cyclotron and stared at the Major Treasure of Flight in anticipation, inching his hand slowly before making contact. The eyeball fused with one of his eyes, immediately granting him its power.

"This is…it!" He almost moaned, striking a T-Pose as surfaced, following which his body gradually floated over the water. A couple seconds later, he was hovering a metre in the air. He didn't use a string of Prana to harness himself, wasn't unleashing a gust of wind to generate a thrust, or wasn't anchoring himself through psychokinesis upon a Spirit Weapon floating on the water.

No, he was simply flying in the air, defying all logic, similar to the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye. And even though he was in a state of flight, no existence had arrived to stop him. There was nothing to stop him anymore, as the Hidden Eye had been turned into a Major Treasure which had become Royal Zinger exclusive.

'My Prana is being converted into the Major Treasure's influence.' Inala observed his Prana reserves depleting rapidly. Unlike other Major Treasures that generated influence on their surroundings similar to magnetic induction upon metals and gradually increased the influence, Inala's Prana was a source of energy for the Major Treasure of Flight.

By absorbing his Prana, the Major Treasure of Flight could convert it into its influence, allowing it to generate influence at a significantly higher level than other Major Treasures. This influence was what the Major Treasure consumed to unleash its power.

Whether to fly or erase a being in a state of flight, its influence was consumed. And without the necessary amount of influence, the relevant powers couldn't be unleashed.

Inala's speed of flight was the same as his peak sprinting speed. All the abilities seemed to be based upon his physical capabilities. As a result, Inala could fly faster as his Grade increased.

He couldn't fly at sonic speeds even at the Mystic Grade, as the Royal Zinger wasn't a sprinting-based creature. However, he was still plenty fast. Adding onto his gliding capabilities, he could accelerate once he builds up enough altitude, reaching terrifying speeds.

With this Major Treasure, Inala obtained four abilities. First was obviously flight, which made him no different from a bird on a Continent without flying entities.

Second was the Hidden Eye's power to use cause and effect to erase the cause of flight. This wasn't something he could control. It was like using a gun. All he could do was aim and press the trigger. If he has enough influence, the cause of flight will be erased. He still had the choice of whether or not to press the trigger, which was a significant boon.

Third was the Major Treasure's Influenced Region. By supplying his Prana to the Major Treasure, he could generate Flight's influence. And by spreading it on a terrain, he could create an Influenced Region.

The Influenced Region created by the Major Treasure of Flight didn't experience any changes in its physical or chemical properties. The terrain remained the same as before. However, the piece of terrain carrying the influence can now float.

With it, Inala could finally begin constructing the home of the Quip Clan at the Dieng Canyon, high up in the sky. The Quip Clansmen could glide down when necessary, and to climb up, they could rely upon a rope ladder.

Zingers were faster at climbing than sprinting on flat ground, so they were playing to their advantage here. As long as he has enough Prana, Inala could expand the size of the Influenced Region in a short time.

Influenced Region—Floating Biome!

The perfect combination was to pour the Major Treasure of Flight's influence on the terrain condensed in Inala's Biome Bombs. That would create his Influenced Region the fastest, allowing Inala to create floating platforms whenever and wherever he wanted on the fly.

This gave him a strategic advantage. That wasn't all. If he wanted, he could have gained plenty of abilities, as he had enough foundation to do so. Inala had the information and resources to gain the Natures of multiple races.

However, doing that would indeed make him versatile, but not in the direction he wanted. He would simply have a thousand abilities, which wasn't something he was into from the beginning.

Inala's objective remained the same from the beginning. To be versatile, he didn't need hundreds of Natures but one Nature with hundreds of variations.

It was how Inala used the combination of Prana Bombs with Mystic Bone Art and Internal Inertial Gravity to create Skills for a variety of situations, prepared for all contingencies. His thoughts remained unchanged even now.

Hence, Inala simply began to build upon his existing abilities. The Royal Zinger could glide. And now, by adding in flight, he became a flying existence.

His Biome Bombs could condense a terrain from the Gold Grade onwards. As it was condensed from his Prana, influencing it into an Influenced Region through the Major Treasure of Flight was almost instantaneous, as both originated from the same source—the Royal Zinger's attributed Prana.

And with that, he finally created an escape route for himself, one that allowed him to flee when the situation turned life-

threatening. Even after becoming the Royal Zinger, Inala wasn't confident in killing the Celestial Boar with a guaranteed chance of success. Hence, he needed a mode to flee.

The Fourth ability achieved exactly that. Whenever an existence attained the state of flight, no matter where it was on Sumatra Continent, the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye appeared near it. Now, Inala could do the same, able to appear next to any existence in a state of flight.

Considering how long Hidden Eye had been active, there might at most be one or two cases per year or even lower that it needed to erase. Even that was a generous estimate. But Inala wasn't concerned about other existences.

He would still perform the Hidden Eye's actions to ensure the safety of Sumatra. However, his focus was on the possibilities this ability granted him. Even his Silver Biome Bombs could behave as a helicopter and assume flight.

This means that Inala could purposefully place Biome Bombs all across Sumatra Continent in a state of flight and use them as teleportation checkpoints. As long as he had enough of the Major Treasure's influence, he could teleport to far-off distances without issues.

Combined with the Prana supply from the Biome Lattice, Inala now gained a power superior to the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, able to teleport as many times as he wanted per day, as long as he had enough Prana.

'I can use the Influenced Region to leave Floating Biomes at a high altitude above various regions. And within these Floating Biomes, I'll leave a Gold Biome Bomb that's in a state. If it's a Gold Biomb Bomb containing a Bolt of Transcendence, it'll have enough Prana to maintain a state of flight for multiple decades.' Inala laughed, 'That means I'll have safe platforms to seek refuge and gather my bearings before striking my foes.'

"Finally…I'm ready to target the Celestial Boar…" He muttered with a radically excited but exhausted voice, falling asleep mid-

sentence. His soft snores were all that echoed in the place.



Chapter 693 Justify Your Infamy

A month later, Inala woke up with a groggy expression, feeling lethargic. He was still tired but his body couldn't fall asleep anymore. "This sucks..."

Complaining with an irritated expression, he got up and stretched himself a bit, deciding to split the necessary rest over the upcoming days. He would sleep an hour or two extra every day until he was back to his brisk self.

If anything, that was his only complaint. He had plenty of reasons to be excited, since the Major Treasure of Flight had been created successfully. Now that he had rested a good amount, ideas began to churn in his mind, especially related to his travel capabilities.

If Inala had to cover a large distance in a short time, he didn't have to fly towards the place. Instead, all he had to do was throw a Biome Bomb in the respective direction. And once it had covered enough distance, it would assume flight, allowing him to teleport next to it.

This became something he could actively use in his fights, especially against the Celestial Boar. 'As long as I accumulate enough of its Influence, I can teleport without issues.'

"And he only needed to fly once for me to erase a body of his." Inala thought and observed the Phells swimming outside the cyclotron, thinking of something. 'With the Nature of Subtle Terrain Domination in his possession, he can assume flight in his human form. So, the traps I lay would have to take that into consideration and ensure he enters a state of flight.'

'Do I reveal this information? No!' Inala thought as he observed himself and elevated himself to the Mystic Grade. In his possession was an orb, the final one. He had used 29 orbs in the creation of the Major Treasure of Flight.

His original calculation only required 26 orbs. However, it was impossible to predict everything, especially on a scale as massive as the creation of a Major Treasure out of an Influenced Region. Thankfully, his excessive preparations came in clutch, allowing him to succeed.

He retained one Bolt of Transcendence worth of Prana, which would prove helpful for elevating his Grade as and when necessary. This was also what he planned to rely upon once he leaves the Ravaged Federation.

There was still plenty of work left for him to do at the Ravaged Federation, including the creation of one more Minor Treasure, which would produce Royal Nectar when fused into the Royal Zinger's body.

But it wasn't a priority for the time being. There was enough Royal Nectar in their reserves, which would last around a decade or more.

Things had changed now, forcing Inala to take action, 'Brangara experienced too much growth when Gannala tried to free Grehha and Yennda.'

If he wasn't disturbed in some fashion, his growth would continue at an exponential pace, exceeding the combined speed of the Mystic Seven.

As the Empyrean Boar King, Brangara had never used its entire potential. If Inala had the power of the Empyrean Boar King, he was confident enough to annihilate the endgame builds of the Mystic Seven at the Fourth Major Disaster.

And now, Brangara had become a Celestial Boar, an existence with infinite potential, 'It doesn't have the Empyrean prefix even after hitting Expert Mystic Grade.'

The greater Brangara realised his build's potential, the worse their side's advantage became. As a result, Inala was forced to take action. After all, it was a blatant truth. No matter how much his side grew, they weren't a match against a Brangara who had realised his full potential.

So from the very beginning, the goal had been to dumb him down and keep him busy so that he doesn't get ideas to grow.

Currently, the existence of both Yarsha Zahara and Yamahara allowed Brangara to grow at a steady pace. Scarily enough, his steady pace was faster than Inala's development sprint.

From the Empyrean Boar King to a Celestial Boar, Brangara had the advantage of his Tribe evolving into a Clan, which evolved him. Unfortunately for Inala, he had already done the same.

Therefore, he had no other options available that would grant him an evolution. From Beginner Mystic Grade to Expert Mystic Grade, he would have to manually increase his potential.

He originally thought of fusing the power of the Major Treasure of Flight into his genetics. However, that would result in Resha's situation from Sumatra Chronicles.

The core of his existence and authority stemmed from the Major Treasure of Attribute that had become part of his genetic information. If he were to add another Major Treasure to the mix, not only would the Royal Zinger become a severely unstable existence, like the Empyrean Boars, he might not even be able to unleash his current versatility competently.

He would be stomping his intricately carved build. He might even lose Mystic Royalty's capability of jumping Grades with the fusion. Moreover, the functions of Hidden Eye might influence his behaviour, similar to the Brimgan Founder.

Inala would have to spend another decade or more to gradually accustom to the changes and ensure he remained himself. The risks far outweighed the benefits. Hence, he would have to find another way.

Mutation wasn't an option too, as the Royal Zinger was already a Mutated Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast at its full capacity. So, both the mutation and evolution routes were no longer available to him.

'Growth is no longer importance, since I have attained all the abilities I thought of for my endgame build.' Inala sighed, 'My growth will become irrelevant if I don't halt Brangara's growth first.'

With a serious expression, he returned to the Quip Clan Settlement, noticing Zhya waiting for him with anticipation. Immediately upon seeing him, she asked, barely able to control her smile, "Did you succeed?"

She could feel a difference in his being, so she knew that he had succeeded, especially upon observing his eyes brimming with excitement, like a child that had gotten hold of his favourite toy. But she asked, as she wanted to hear it from him.

"I did," Inala grinned and pointed at his eye. That was enough for her to know what he meant, since he already divulged all the necessary details to her well in advance.

The Zinger Representative wasn't a simple existence. In the Royal Zinger's absence, she would inherit a portion of his authority, behaving as the Deity of the Zinger Race. And the Zinger Representative would instinctively figure out the means to revive the Royal Zinger.

Even if Inala were to be killed prematurely, as long as Zhya was alive, he'd return to Sumatra eventually. That was why Zhya was provided with the greatest amount of resources to develop her body. As long as she reaches maturity with a single body, she'd become a powerhouse, able to perform her duties without problems.

Moreover, she could contain all the Quip Clan's information as Piezo Slips within her body, acting as a mobile treasury of the Quip Clan. Even if the entirety of the Quip Clan gets destroyed, as long as the Zinger Representative exists, they could recover eventually.

And thanks to her sheer concentration of Royal Zinger genes, she could mate with Free Humans and directly produce Zinger Aristocrats without issues. Even birthing a Zinger Prince would only require some patience and hard work from her side.

With the arrival of a Zinger Prince, all the Zinger Aristocrats could get to birthing Quip Clansmen in large numbers, reviving the Quip Clan in a single generation. With this confidence, Inala could be bold.

After all, even if he dies, the Major Treasure of Flight would return to the Quip Clan where Inala planned to have multiple Biome Bombs in a state of flight. Even if the Quip Clansmen cannot use it, Zhya could store it in her body.

And by absorbing Prana from the Biome Lattice, she could condense an Influenced Region within her, allowing her to float into the air. If necessary, she could carry the Quip Clansmen and seek refuge in the skies, far away from Brangara's reach.

That was Inala's plan in the worst-case scenario. Orakha wanted to flee Sumatra as he wasn't confident of evading Brangara anywhere on the Continent.

In Inala's case, he'd simply fly beyond Brangara's reach. As the Biomes part of the Biome Lattice was condensed through Inala's Primary Nature, the Major Treasure of Flight could safely remain inside and absorb the Prana accumulating in it, using which it could gather its influence.

With enough influence, it could take on the role of the Influence Region of Hidden Eye on its own, even in Inala's absence.

"I'm glad." Zhya smiled in relief, "With this, we can avoid the worst-case scenario."

"Yes," Inala nodded and then asked, "What is Virala up to now? Has he stayed obedient?"

"Yes," Zhya nodded, "I have paid special attention to him. He has dubious intentions, but he doesn't dare face you, not when he has nothing to gain and plenty to lose."

"Indeed," Inala nodded, "He was unhinged as a lone wolf. But now, he has created a powerful force that he's prideful and responsible for. So, he'll be less volatile unless he loses his brain cells and tries something stupid."

"Let me talk to him a bit. We'll then continue our discussion." Inala nodded at Zhya and watched her return to the Quip Clan Settlement. He swam through the ocean water and approached a long line that stretched from the surface to the ocean bed.

This was where the Mystic Humans were staying. He didn't enter them, but instead swam to the bottom, approaching the Biome Bomb where Virala stayed. He landed on the surface and melted through it upon activating Perfect Biome Domination, all while not letting a single drop of the high-pressured water inside.

"Inala?" Virala became nervous upon seeing Inala arrive before him all of a sudden, tensing up instinctively, 'He didn't bother to see me all these months no matter how many times I asked. But why did he appear now of all times?'

"Have you enjoyed your stay here?" Inala said and patted the inner walls of the Biome Bomb, "Was the infinite supply of Prana beneficial to you?"

"Yes…but, why are you asking it out of the blue like this?" Virala frowned.

"Because we're going on a trip." Inala said and pointed in the direction of the surface, towards the stream of water heading to the Dralh Sea, "Let's go and give a headache to Brangara."

"Why should I join you?" Virala grumbled, "I want to cultivate in peace."

"You can cultivate in the afterlife." Inala shrugged, "Even if you reach the 10-Life Stage, Brangara would have reached there way faster than you. Accelerating your body's maturity is his characteristic. And it works best on the original."

"I fought with him just recently." Virala smiled wryly, "He has a good grasp of my strength. If I were to show up on his doorstep like this, Yarsha Zahara would cook me alive, especially since they have Yamahara."

"It'll be different this time, since you'll be coming with me," Inala said with confidence. "Besides, you don't seem to remember something important."

"What is it?" Virala felt nervous for some, mysterious reason.

"You're Loot," Inala said casually and pointed at himself, "And I was the one who created that identity."

"So, it's time you work your ass off to justify your infamy."



Chapter 694 Extremely Dangerous Weaklings

"Infamy my rotten ass!" Virala cursed in response, "I was terrified when the Boar King chased after me. Fuck did I do to you, man? You blamed every shit you caused on me!"

"You broke my knee at the very beginning." Inala stared away while giving Virala the side-eye glare, "If you had forgotten it, I would be glad to help jog up your memory."

"Both of them aren't even on the same level!" Virala grumbled, "I was this close to losing everything I had accumulated because of you. Fuck! And if you had planned something like that, you could have at least given me a heads-up so that I could have been mentally prepared about it."

His body trembled as he shouted, "Even now, I have nightmares of being chased after by the Boar King, chasing a Mammoth Clan me without any Nature Weapons!"

"That's why I'm giving you a heads-up this time." Inala spoke and pointed towards the ocean, "Also, I'll say this as many times as necessary, Virala."

His eyes turned cold, "I wasn't inviting you."

"This…fucker…!" Veins popped all across his forehead as Virala glared in rage.

"You have been talking to me as if I was Orakha. I don't care if you see each other as friends, but I don't see either of you that way." The air around him trembled as the Royal Zinger's uninhibited presence billowed out like a raging volcano, "Your only use for me is the fact that you see Brangara as an enemy."

"The day you lose your worth, I'll eliminate you to reduce risks."

'What…the fuck is this?' Virala trembled at the seething presence of the Royal Zinger, feeling as if he was aging thousands of times faster even though not a single second's worth of his lifespan had been stolen. 'Is this the Royal Zinger's true power? It's frightening!'

Instinctively, he changed into Brangara, strengthening his human body to the limit with psychokinesis as Tratham covered his body to form armour. A tail jutted at the back, sporting a blade, ready to act as a mid-ranged limb to attack.

However, a moment later, he became still as a stone, his face pale with fear, looking outside the Biome Bomb to stare at a million Phells closely packed together, staring his way, on the verge of exploding.

The sight was terrifying, especially since he couldn't even see much water as the Phells were stacked upon each other. Only then did he feel that the Biome Bomb he was within was gradually changing its presence, from a Tribesman to gradually into that of a Clansman.

It was currently in a transition phase, which was why it only lured the Phells here but hadn't turned them aggressive yet. But once the transition completes, they'll explode instantaneously, the consequences of which would be disastrous even for him.

And if he were to transform into the Empyrean Boar King, he'd only be painting a bigger target upon himself, allowing for more spores of Phells to latch onto his skin.

"Did you think I built my base here for no reason?" Inala's calm, somewhat maniacal voice resounded, "Even if Brangara comes here, I'll welcome him with a bombardment from a billion Phells first before facing him head-on."

His gaze landed on Virala, calm, but ready to destroy the latter with absolute power when necessary. Moreover, swarm tactics would only empower the Royal Zinger, as it could absorb Prana and Lifeforce from its targets.

Virala could recover Prana at a rapid pace too by consuming the Phells. However, his speed paled in comparison to Inala. Moreover, the latter could steal Prana from him too, something Virala couldn't do.

He needed less than a second's worth of time before realising that he couldn't do anything against Inala in this situation, "Fuck!"

He retracted his presence, vexed by the hand he had been dealt with, and stared at Inala in defeat, "Do whatever you want."

"Grow some balls of courage," Inala retracted his presence and commented, "Why are you so apprehensive of facing Brangara anyway? Didn't you confidently do so before?"

"That's because Brangara didn't know about my build back then. So I had the advantage in terms of information." Virala sighed in defeat, unable to do anything even though Inala's words triggered him, "But that's no longer the case now. He'll be better equipped to fight me this time."

"Who said we're fighting him?" Inala stared at him like he was an idiot, "Did you become dumber after growing strong?"

"The Spirit Stage version of you at the Mammoth Clan had better brain cells."

"…Hah," Virala exhaled a long breath and calmed himself, realising that he had been completely swept by Inala's pace, having been passively reacting to the latter's words and actions for some time now.

With a calmer mind, he stared at Inala, "We're not fighting him? What exactly do you have in mind then?"

"Plans don't work if you reveal them to weasels. That's fifth-grade common sense on Earth." Inala began to walk through the path leading from the Biome Bomb to the floating platform on the ocean surface, beckoning for Virala to follow him.

"What kind of bullshit Earth did you come from…?" Virala muttered under his breath as he followed Inala, quickly masking his expression to remain aloof and dignified as he casually waved to the Mystic Humans who had greeted him.

The Biome Bombs remained opaque, preventing the Mystic Humans from seeing outside. So, none of them knew about the existence of a million Phells right outside. Inala only showed it to Virala by making the respective Biome Bomb transparent.

Inala was silent throughout the journey, eyeing Virala's actions from the side, commenting once they were climbing the long flight of stairs, far away from everyone else, "Why do you portray yourself as someone you aren't?"

"You're the farthest from an enigmatic leader filled with grace and benevolence."

"Get off my back, will you?" Virala's eyelids twitched, "Let me just do my thing in peace. My Mystic Humans are strong, I'll have you know."

"But they'll become stale at this rate." Inala commented casually, "Since they're not facing any enemies that can threaten their lives. So, they'll never innovate and constantly strive to better themselves, since they lack desperation."

"The both of us are the best example." Inala expressed his analysis, "You gained Weaponisation and even elevated it to the Mystic Grade, all while you were weak. Similarly, I paved the way to the Mystic Grade and became a Royal Zinger. Both are tremendous achievements, but,"

He made eye contact with Virala, "What exactly have we achieved after that?"

"At the Dralh Sea…" Virala began to speak, only to be cut off by Inala.

"The Mystic Humans at the Dralh Sea are merely products brought by a power you already had." Inala snorted, "You had Internal Astral Cultivator. Even after surviving against Brandal Brimgan, you could have taken your time to elevate other Nature Weapons to the Mystic Grade. But you selected the Mystic Ewworm, since you were confident of taking advantage of its tool condensation capabilities."

"You already had thought of everything related to the eventual creation of the Mystic Humans at the Dralh Sea by that point, before you became a Mystic Human." Inala stared at Virala, "Am I right?"

Seeing Virala nod in realisation, Inala asked, "So, I'm asking again."

"What have you innovated after becoming a Mystic Human?"

"Nothing…" Virala was downcast, having never thought of things this way.

"It's because you lost your hunger." Inala said, "You were no longer desperate for strength. The fact that you care about your reputation, dignity, and everything else is enough proof of that. Back in the day, you only cared about the ways you could attain power, without a moral compass."

"Remember Sumatra Chronicles?" Inala asked with a soft voice, continuing upon seeing Virala nod, "We've all been there in the comment section, claiming how we would have done things differently."

"But now that we have grown strong, we've lost that desperate touch." Inala said, "If you were to pit your current character against your old self at the First Minor Crisis, what do you think the outcome would be?"

"I…" Virala didn't want to say it out loud, but he could easily picture the truth. If he were to face his old self at the First Minor Crisis, he would be killed in a matter of minutes. Back then, when they were affected by the Fragment Disease that caused their bodies to creak at the slightest exertion, survival was their strongest thought, thumping every second of their being.

Every second, they used everything at their disposal to survive, think about survival, plan and scheme to survive better in the future.

What about now? Virala could take a seat out in the wilds defencelessly and wouldn't suffer any danger to his life. If he were to assume his complete transformation, even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would be struggling to scratch his body, not to mention truly harm him.

Even a single body of his was tremendously powerful, so much so that it needed a horde of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts to threaten his life. Even in a blessed region like the Brimgan Empire, there were officially only 300 Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, all from different races.

To make matters worse, Virala was at the 2-Life Stage. That meant the sense of danger he felt from Sumatra's wilds was even lower. The only existence he truly felt threatened by was the Celestial Boar.

Sumatra Continent itself wasn't as dangerous anymore. As a result, he lost fear, no longer desperate for survival.

"Didn't we think about the question many times upon arriving here?" Inala continued, "Even when filled with hatred, why did the Boar King remain at the 3-Life Stage for two millennia and only progress through the Life Stage after seeing the Major Treasure of Attribute?"

"Each time he attacked the Mammoth Clan led by Raaha, had he been at the 5-Life Stage, he could have killed them all. But he never progressed beyond the 3-Life Stage." Inala said, noticing Virala remain dead silent, "You're getting my point now?"

"He was filled with hatred and there were risks associated with fighting so many Empyrean Tusks at the same time, but he never felt that his life was threatened by them." Virala's eyes widened in realisation as he continued to speak his thoughts, "His power at the 3-Life Stage was enough to slowly, but surely annihilate the Empyrean Tusks."

"Yes, and that's why he never realised his true potential, since he never had the need to." Inala nodded, "The Boar King was simply too strong to be desperate for survival."

"And after our evolution, we've become the same." Inala sighed, staring at his hands as he clenched them hard, "The current me is smart, way beyond anything my Mammoth Clan self could have imagined. But, I'm barely using a portion of my true capabilities in terms of innovation, even when pressured by the Celestial Boar. Whatever I'm doing now are simply ideas I have crafted as a Mammoth Clansman."

"I'm…simply too strong. The current me cannot be threatened by anyone other than the Celestial Boar. And even against the Celestial Boar, I can jump into the air and glide to safety." He stared at Virala and concluded, "That's our current issue."

"So, this time, we'll be thinking of targeting Brangara without our powers, purely using our brains."

"You mean…?" Virala's eyes widened in shock as he stared at Inala in disbelief, "Are you suggesting we infiltrate the Wean Clan after sealing our Spirit Containers or something?"

"Yes," Inala was dead serious, "That's exactly what we'll be doing."

"We're the most dangerous when batshit weak!"



Chapter 695 Soft Power

"We're the most dangerous when batshit weak!"

At Inala's words, Virala became calm, thinking of the time when he was targeted by Brandal Brimgan. A moment later, he stared at Inala, "The Brimgan Empire should have the means to perfectly lock our Spirit Containers. Brandal Brimgan was an expert in the field and I think Boul Brimgan might be able to do it too."

Spirit Container Lock!

It was an ability on par with a Nature that was conceptualised by Brandal Brimgan, one that used a combination of his eight Minor Treasures to accurately target the opponent's Spirit Container and seal it.

When that was used on Virala, he was unable to transform and even harness his Prana. If not for Brandal Brimgan's desire, which allowed Virala to take advantage and eventually free himself, he could have still been trapped in the Brimgan Empire's prison.

Equipped with all of Brandal Brimgan's memories, Virala knew exactly what they had to do, asking Inala, "They should be able to use a Spirit Weapon Lock that seals our Natures and brings us down to the Spirit Stage."

"Spirit Stage? That'll be perfect!" Inala laughed in joy, "That'll give us minimal leeway with things while keeping us batshit weak."

Inala was a Pranic Beast at the fundamental level. However, Mystic Royal Art turned the human characteristics he gained through the Primary Nature of Mystic Royalty and made him a complete Quip Clansman.

This meant that if his Spirit Container were to shatter and he retained only one unit of Prana, he'd end up at the Spirit Stage. Of course, that was only when he was in his human form. If it were to happen in his Pranic Beast form, even with a single unit of Prana, he would still be at the Body Stage, because Pranic Beasts were born at the Body Stage.

As Virala explained details about the variations of Spirit Container Lock, Inala understood that there would be no problems on their side once the ability was used. The combined power of eight Minor Treasures was terrifying.

Once the ability fully takes effect, even Inala would be unable to break free from it. The only means to overcome it would be to undergo surgery and rip out the Spirit Container. Following that, he would have to focus on condensing a new Spirit Container.

For anyone else, that might be impossible. But Inala had already researched about it at the Cooter Clan in the past and was capable of condensing a brand-new Spirit Container. 'At present, four people can do it.'

Inala, Zhya, Resha, and Brangara. Resha had done it at the Mammoth Clan. The remaining trio had achieved it through their combined efforts at the Dralh Sea.

Upon seeing his thoughts run amok once again, Inala controlled himself and stared at Virala, "Give me a few minutes. I'll give instructions to my Clan. We'll depart immediately after."

"Alright," Virala nodded and watched Inala swim across the water. In the meantime, he arrived at the floating platform situated right underneath the stream of water leading to the Dralh Sea. He sat in patience and looked around, commenting as he took in the sights, "This place is a utopia for Ravaged Tribesmen."

"If only the Fourth Major Disaster doesn't start here." He sighed and stared at the void extending beyond the planet's atmosphere, "Somewhere out there lies the clue to the Transcended Plane."

Influenced Region—Transcended Plane!

Not much about it was known other than the fact that it was the Influenced Region created by the Seat of Transcendence. In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha was killed at its entrance.

Unlike other Major Disasters, the Fourth Major Disaster would be terrifying on a whole other level, since two Major Treasures would be revealing themselves, not to mention the Seat of Transcendence originating from a Mystic Tentacle. It was the most powerful Major Treasure, on the same level as Brangara.

While Virala pondered about many things, Inala had arrived at the Quip Clan Settlement, approaching Zhya immediately in response. He consumed Prana until the allocated limit and dropped to his base state as an Expert Silver Grade Royal Zinger.

He condensed a second body and replenished his Prana, giving the remaining orb to Zhya, "I'll be leaving."

The newly condensed body separated from the stack and distanced itself from the other body. The body at the peak of the Body Stage retained the Major Treasure of Flight while the new body was the one that would head to the Wean Clan.

To ensure that when pressured by circumstances, Inala wouldn't take the easy way out by entering the Mystic Grade, he created a second body. Now, irrespective of the distance between the two bodies, the moment any body changes Grade, there would be an implosion.

This danger prevented Inala from harnessing his full strength and forced him to think of ways to survive, for at the Silver Grade, Sumatra became a terrifying place to live once again. Now, he'll claw his way through the variables and do his utmost for survival, desperately doing everything he could.

To avoid revealing his ability to change Grades to Virala, he layered himself with a Mystic Biome Bomb that maintained a Mystic Grade presence. He also commanded it to shatter itself once the ability of Spirit Weapon Lock was used on him.

This way, no one will realise that he could change Grades. And even if they were to notice any discrepancies, they'd only assume it to be a plan or scheme of his in order to appear weak and not that he could actually become weak by choice.

The newly condensed body stared at the other body and nodded once. And then, it began to swim toward the platform on the water surface.

"I'll pray for your success." Zhya cupped her hands with a respectful tone and stared at his swimming back. Immediately after, she returned to her task at hand, continuing to work for the growth of the Quip Clan.

The moment the body of Inala at the Quip Clan is able to condense a second body once again, it would imply that the one sent to the Wean Clan had died. This would be his cue to enact another plan.

Surfacing before the platform, Inala climbed onto it and stared at the figure of Virala admiring the sights, "It's a peaceful place, right?"

"Yeah," Virala sighed, "This is a hundred times peaceful when compared to the current Dralh Sea and a million times peaceful when compared to the Dralh Sea ruled by the Cooter Clan."

"Maybe one day, without the threat of the Celestial Boar, we could spend the days idly, without any drive, fishing for days at a stretch without any aim or skill. That would be wonderful." Virala said and stared at Inala, correcting his statement, "I meant it with my people, not you."

"Even if I'm bored of my mind, I won't pay you a visit."

"Trust me, I'm not looking forward to seeing your mug either." Inala shrugged and stared at the stream of water heading to the Dralh Sea, "Have you informed your people?"

"Yeah," Virala nodded, "They'll be staying behind and continue to train here."

As he spoke, a large Tratham submarine surfaced near the platform. Immediately in response, a large stream of Quip Zingers in human form began transporting goods into its storage.

The goods primarily consisted of Prana Bombs produced by the Quip Zingers, Life Bombs rich with Lifeforce produced by the Zinger Queens—those that cannot birth a Queen—and finally, specialised products produced by Ravaged Tribesmen.

These products ranged from bizarre horns to intricately woven hair with a bio-luminescent nature, nails that twitched and produced minute exploding sounds at every interval, skins perfect to be used as manuscripts for longevity preservation, etc.

The Ravaged Tribesmen had bizarre forms, and in their transformed states, they were able to produce a variety of biological products, whether outgrowths or ingrowths. Through the Biome Puppets that Inala controlled, he traded with a variety of Ravaged Tribesmen, using Parute Fruits as currency, and purchased a large amount.

He formed an underground market in multiple cities, transacting large volumes of these body parts. For the Ravaged Tribesmen, this was easy money. They just needed to sever a body part of theirs that could rapidly be regenerated through Prana.

Since they had an excess number of Phells to consume, they could regenerate easily. Moreover, they were paid fat lumps of Parute Fruits, which was more beneficial for their growth, since they could permanently increase their Prana serves until the limit simply by consumption alone.

Parute Fruits could also be used to make medicines and Elixirs that raised their probability of giving birth, which was extremely in demand in the Ravaged Federation. The Parute Trees were limited, but as the case was with the rest of Sumatra, the demand for Parute Fruits always exceeded the supply by a multiple.

The Brimgan Empire had a luxury market. And these body parts served as a collectible, resulting in a profitable trade for both sides.

The Brimgan Empire also researched these materials to create new minerals to forge Human Avatars from, so they had a voracious appetite. In response, the Quip Clan gained precious medicines from the Brimgan Empire that were useful for their growth, saving them immense time and resources.

Banditry was the instinct of Quip Clansmen. Being holed up in a room researching and producing things wasn't their forte. That was why Inala didn't try to change them. Instead, he made them expand upon their advantage, creating trade routes for various regions.

The Zingers will run errands between different Pranic Beast resources, buying and selling goods from the respective places and charging a commission. They'll glide across the dangers and deliver goods, with the Deing Canyon serving as their hub of operations.

Plans were already underway for it, with the resources, plans, and constructs—like poles to climb to a high altitude and glide forth to farther regions—supplied by the Ravaged Federation.

The Mystic Humans only acted as the intermediary for trade between the Quip Clan and the Brimgan Empire, for it was easier this way. Virala had no idea about the arrangements Inala was performing in the background, away from all prying eyes.

By the time others learn about it, a full-fledged trade network centred around the Zingers would already be operational. This trade network would make the lives of countless Pranic Beasts simpler, providing them with resources to grow and prosper with minimal risks to their side.

Targeting this trade network would be no different from destroying their peace, growth, and convenience, which would force the Pranic Beasts to align themselves with the interests of the Zingers.

In the words of Earth's geopolitics, that was termed Soft Power. And this soft power would turn large populations of Pranic Beasts against the Varahan Empire if they were to declare war on the Zingers.

"Shall we get going?" Inala asked once all the goods had been loaded on the submarine.

"Yeah," Virala nodded as the duo boarded the submarine and entered the stream of water leading to the Dralh Sea. Upon selling the goods at the Brimgan Empire, they'd request help from Boul Brimgan, paying the price necessary for the assistance.

Following that, they'll make their way to the Varahan Empire.

The submarine sped through the stream of water as Virala wasn't concerned about continuing the trade even without him. His fully grown body was at the Dralh Sea while the Mystic Humans were already capable of creating smaller submarines.

Instead of a massive submarine like his, they'd journey with a smaller fleet of submarines. The group staying at the Ravaged Federation had grown enough to do it on their own.

At present, other than Inala and Virala, fifty Mystic Humans were also on board the submarine. They were in charge of future trade, beginning to put their growing strength to use for their race's benefit.

A month later, the submarine was en route through the Dralh Sea. Upon informing the mature body of Virala stationed there, the submarine continued on its way to the Brimgan Empire, arriving at their destination eventually.

'It's still here.' Inala thought as he stared at the massive statue of Amita Brimgan at the entrance of the Brimgan Empire.

The Brimgan Guardian!



Chapter 696 It’s A Foul

Brimgan Sea!

It had recovered its original beauty, teeming with life and constantly targeted by the Brimgan Empire, the same as usual. The statue of Amita Brimgan stood right beside the entrance.

Ten kilometres away from the entrance, constructed along the Lotus Range was a port. The Lotus Range wasn't damaged just to build the port. Instead, massive elevators and even escalators had been constructed, operated by a large group of professionals trained for the task.

Once the submarine arrived at the port, surfacing like a ship, a team of Free Humans entered it and began their usual checks, obtaining a list of goods from a Mystic Human in charge of the task. As they had traded a few times already, the process had been refined and professionalised.

"Good, the inspection's completed." The Free Human announced and turned around, commanding the group of workers who began to transport the goods into the Brimgan Empire. At the same time, a team of Mystic Humans were busy layering the submarine with their tools, intending to row it back to the Dralh Sea.

Once it has arrived there, Virala will keep it safe until his second body returns home. Or in the case the second body gets killed and he's forced to make a new one, he'd give the Tratham composing the submarine to the new body.

As their side had just begun refining it, Tratham was limited in volume. If not for the existence of Parute Fruits that Peikaha--the Spirit Eater Guardian with a Rutham Human Avatar--consumed in large batches to refine Zarzelite into Tratham, it would be harder for the Mystic Humans to develop.

The Mystic Humans were producing Parute Fruits constantly upon assuming Spirit Eater form. And a good portion of them were solely consumed by Peikaha. With a diet solely consisting of Parute Fruits, Peikaha was extremely busy.

He had been revived by the Spirit Eater stationed with the Abode of Mystics. It was controlling him, and it was controlled by a Minor Treasure of Mystic Human Stamp. This way, Virala protected the vested interests of the Mystic Human Race--Tratham.

Seeing his Mystic Humans rapidly make changes to the submarine, Virala grinned in pride and stared at Inala, "Aren't they amazing?"

"It'll be a shocker if they weren't." Inala retorted, "I mean, these guys will outlive an Empyrean Tusks. If they were any less capable, I would have questioned your brain cells' competency."

"Would it kill you to give an honest praise?" Virala grumbled.

"They haven't done anything worth my praise." Inala shrugged, "They're simply controlling Tratham like a Spirit Weapon. You'll find hundreds of Free Humans with better skill than that in every street of the Brimgan Empire."

"Dude, they have been systematically raised as miners for thousands of years." Virala grumbled, "They are doing their best to grow out of their mould and improve on all fronts. It's not something that can be achieved overnight."

The duo argued as they landed on the port, approaching the Brimgan Royal in charge of the place. Upon seeing them, the Brimgan Royal stiffened in shock.

Leader of the Mystic Humans, Ruler of the Dralh Sea, and father of the second Brimgan Guardian--The Violet Mystic Path, Virala.

The first Calamity, Mutated Beginner Mystic Grade Pranic Beast--the Indigo Mystic Path, Inala.

The identities of the two men flashed in his mind as the Brimgan Royal hurriedly approached them, asking nervously, "May I ask the purpose of your visit?"

"We wish to meet with the Brimgan Emperor!"

The general public thought the Brimgan Guardian was Amita Brimgan. However, the Brimgan Royals at the Life Stage knew that the other identity of Amita Brimgan was Inala. They were now privy to the information about the Mystic Paths, having gained a clear understanding from Orakha.

That was how the Brimgan Royal recognised Inala. And during the time Resha spent at the Guna Caves, he spread rumours about Inala being the First Calamity through the Cooter Clan's channels.

And thanks to the Cooter-Brimgan Trade Agreement, the Brimgan Empire came to know that their Guardian also went by the title of the First Calamity.

Following that, when Orakha brought Ruvva to the Brimgan Empire, Boul Brimgan thought of the way they could integrate this Mystic Human into their fold. Mystic Humans were just Free Humans with their potential raised to the extreme.

So, their human supremacy tendencies weren't in conflict. Moreover, Ruvva was a greater human supremacist than even Boul Brimgan, which made integrating her into the Brimgan Empire extremely simple.

And the identity used towards that was the Brimgan Guardian. Ruvva became the Brimgan Empire's second Brimgan Guardian and also the more popular one, since the Royal Zinger only appeared before them once.

"Let me escort you to His Majesty, the Emperor!" The Brimgan Royal said in a hurry and used his Spirit Weapon to send the message to the nearby station. Immediately in response, through a line of Information Slips transmitted from one station to another, the news reached the Brimgan Emperor within a few minutes.

He then escorted the duo to a lavishly decorated railway compartment and served them some refreshments while the railway sped at high speeds.

"They have improved this technology." Inala's eyes lit up as he stared at the changing scenery, "It's at least twenty percent faster than before. The ride's even smoother."

He expanded his Prana, condensing a faint filament of air, having erected a Biome Bomb. With that, he observed the inner workings of the railway, commenting in praise, "They added a suspension system and it's incredibly efficient."

'Boul Brimgan is indeed different.' Inala thought, realising that every generation of Brimgan Emperors was built different. And even among them, Boul Brimgan was in a league of his own.

This was why Inala took action to protect the Brimgan Empire at the end of the Second Major Disaster, thereby putting a stop to their loss of life. The temporary sense of security he provided was enough for the Brimgan Empire to get back on their feet, stronger than before.

'They haven't survived the test of time through multiple eras for no reason.' He thought, frowning upon seeing Virala remain mum through the entire journey, "Are you constipated?"

"Fuck off, dude!" Virala cursed under his breath. "Leave me alone."

"Hmm..." Inala observed Virala in closeup before murmuring in shock, "Don't tell me..."

"You haven't met Ruvva until now?"

"...No," He faced away from Inala, "I didn't."

"Wow!" Inala burst into laughter, "You've stayed true to your character as a deadbeat."

"Get off my back!" Virala spat in irritation.

"Alright, alright, don't cry," Inala chuckled casually and was just about to drop the matter when his eyes caught sight of Virala's legs trembling ever so faintly. "Dude…"

"Are you nervous?"

"I'm leaving! To heck with your plan!" Virala got up and turned around, intending to jump out of the railway.

"Someone's afraid," Inala clutched his stomach in laughter, "Doesn't even have the balls to face his child. And this guy is the leader of an entire race. That's a riot!"

"What about you then?" Virala's eyes were red as he glared at Inala, "Your daughter was almost killed by Brangara and you weren't even aware. And the moment you got a chance, you disowned her."

"Your own daughter calls you by your name instead of addressing you as her father, and you're talking about me?" The moment he started talking, Virala unleashed a flurry of words, "Do you even know how much she'll be tortured if she ever were to be captured by Brangara?"

"Forget all that," He huffed, "Do you even know where she's at currently? You don't! Whether she's alive or not is irrelevant to you. I mean, it makes sense when you think about it."

"Gannala wasn't even a planned birth…"

"One more word out of that rotten mouth of yours, and I'll erase your pathetic existence from the face of Sumatra." Prana billowed out of Inala as his expression was incensed, "You know nothing about what I've done for her."

"Don't measure me with your rotten yardstick." It was Inala's turn to spew, "I know her birth was forced upon me, but I took responsibility even then. I was batshit weak but despite everything, I did everything in my power to ensure she grew up physically and mentally sound."

"But you…" Inala stated in disgust, "You raped Yarsha for your twisted desire and birthed Ruvva. And once she was birthed, you discarded her. For namesake, you put in some effort to gain possession of her, but you did shit after that."

"I'm pretty sure Orakha was the one who took care of her, since he's soft-hearted." He spat, "And now what? You're putting on an act as if you've cared about her. Why don't we make things clear?"

"You're trash, nothing more than a gutter trash refined to be the absolute epitome of disgustingness."

There was silence between the duo for a couple of seconds before Prana billowed out of their beings, rupturing the compartment they were travelling through.

Faint sparks of lightning condensed through the Prana Inala emitted, bluish-golden in colour. On the other hand, a crimson light emanated from Virala's Prana, generating force through his Tratham.

'S-Shit!' Seated on the opposite end, the Brimgan Royal trembled in fear, 'M-Monsters! Both of them are terrifying monsters!'

He wasn't even weak, but a Gold Grade master at the 6-Life Stage, someone strong enough to kill a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. But in this situation, he felt like an ant, unable to do anything against the billowing presence. But right as he despaired, hope bloomed in his mind as his heart set at ease.

With a start, he bowed, announcing aloud, "I greet His Majesty, the Emperor!"

A golden humanoid stood between the duo of Inala and Virala, his expression stoic. Staring at the two, he opened his mouth, uttering with a tone of authority, "It seems interesting. Shall I take part in it too?"

'This guy…!' Veins popped all over Inala's eyes as he glared at the golden humanoid, in a momentary state of disbelief, 'Orakha, that dumbass! What has he done?'

Boul Brimgan was indeed a powerhouse, one of the strongest in Sumatra. He was strong, but not as powerful as what Inala was feeling from the golden humanoid. There can only be one reason for the change.

Sumatra Gold!

'He must have given them to Boul Brimgan. But what prompted him to do so?' Inala frowned, feeling irritated for some reason. He couldn't put a lid on it, unable to determine why he felt this way. A couple seconds later, he figured out the answer.

Mystic Paths!

Irrespective of how strong they were, all Mystic Paths will find themselves in the centre of the Major Disasters, facing Brangara. Only at the Mystic Grade could Inala resist this influence.

Therefore, no matter how strong the Mystic Paths grew, he wasn't concerned, since their focus would be against Brangara. And even if things change, he knew they'll face each other in a Major Disaster, which allowed him to plan and prepare accordingly.

However, Boul Brimgan wasn't a Mystic Path. There was no external influence piloting his actions, making him a powerful, uncontrollable variable.

What Inala was the most worried about was simple. When the Third Major Disaster starts, all Mystic Paths will be at war in the Influenced Region of Armoury, against Brangara. This meant that their respective forces no longer had a leader to protect them.

The previous Boul Brimgan, though powerful, could be defended against by the Quip Clan, especially since Zhya was still there. However, things changed completely once Sumatra Gold came into the picture.

Upon integrating them into his Human Avatar, Boul Brimgan would attain Mystic Grade strength. Even if he hadn't entered the Mystic Grade currently, he was close. It was just a matter of time. And he was free to do as he pleased during the Major Disasters.

If Inala wasn't present to protect the Quip Clan, they'd be at Boul Brimgan's mercy. They were stationed in the Ravaged Federation, which wasn't that far from the Brimgan Empire.

With the Cooter-Brimgan Channel, travel between the Brimgan Sea and the Dralh Sea was safe and incredibly quick. Boul Brimgan would be able to travel even faster once he rides his Kinesis Felines. And he had already been at the Ravaged Federation.

So, it wouldn't take him long to enter the place once again and take control of the Quip Clan, strip them of all their resources, annihilate or enslave them, etc. Whatever he wanted to do, he was capable enough to do.

Virala too retracted his presence, his expression foul, having arrived at the same conclusion as Inala. Having a neighbour on par with them was too dangerous.

Even though Boul Brimgan might not kill the Mystic Humans, he might bring them under his fold and systematically brainwash them according to his ideals. He was very well capable of that, and the Mystic Humans were susceptible to it, due to their history.

That didn't sit well with Virala.

"Since the both of you are here, try to behave, alright?" His voice was calm as Boul Brimgan said, his every word echoing his confidence, "Let's have a face-to-face discussion at my palace."



Chapter 697 A Contest Of Gifts

Seated in a large hall adjacent to the throne room were the trio of Inala, Virala, and Boul Brimgan, facing each other. They were silent at the start, resulting in a contest of stares.

'He's not at the Mystic Grade yet, but I can feel that he's close. Once he finishes fusing ten pieces of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar, his stack would synchronise and he'd become a Mystic Grade existence. They have a precedent in their history who had achieved the same.' Inala thought as he observed Boul Brimgan, 'So, Orakha ended up giving him ten pieces of Sumatra Gold.'

Even though he wanted to do something about it, Inala refrained from doing so. After all, the consequences would be unimaginable. The fall of the Brimgan Empire would create too large a void in power and mess up pretty much everything.

Currently, the Varahan Empire was rapidly recruiting Free Humans from weak Kingdoms into their fold. They were expanding their influence. And the only one countering their expansion was the Brimgan Empire, the leader of the Free Humans.

This tug of war prevented too many Kingdoms from jumping onto the Varahan Empire's side. But if the Brimgan Empire were to collapse, it would be impossible to keep the Varahan Empire's growth in check anymore.

Even though Boul Brimgan's existence became risky, Inala had no other choice at the moment. Letting out a mild sigh, he began to speak, "There's a purpose behind our visit."

"I'm listening." Boul Brimgan became serious in response to Inala's words. The fact that existences like Inala and Virla personally paid him a visit implied the seriousness of the situation. Something major had already happened or was about to happen next.

"Spirit Container Lock, the one your father used on me before." Virala gathered his bearings and asked, pointing at himself and Inala, "We want you to do the same to the two of us."

"Why?" Boul Brimgan asked, unable to understand their thought process, "Why do you want to limit your power?"

"We'll be infiltrating the Varahan Empire to cause chaos." Virala said and made eye contact with Inala, "I don't want to admit it, but this bastard and I are better schemers when we lack strength."

"Infiltrating the Varahan Empire? Why?" Boul Brimgan was confused, "Why is that necessary?"

"To slow down their growth, what else?" Inala had regained his cool by now, chuckling as he expressed his intentions, "Otherwise, it's just a matter of time before they annihilate all of us."

"After all, they have a populace of Silver Grade Free Humans and even Boar Kings for their pinnacle battle power."

"Boar Kings…" Boul Brimgan sighed in response, "They are indeed scary."

Boul Brimgan didn't express shock in regards to the news. It meant that he was already aware of their existence, and possibly even Yamahara who was responsible for their appearance. He stared at the expressions of the duo and nodded in confirmation, "Orakha told me the details…"

The door burst open as standing at the entrance was a girl with shoulder-length hair, cropped to resemble the shape of a crescent moon. Its front ends were trimmed to appear like the edges of a blade, golden in colour.

Her chestnut brown hair matched her dark brown eyes that glinted with hyperactivity. They scanned the room, expressing disappointment upon seeing the figures of Inala and Virala, "Oh, it's these two."

She stared at Boul Brimgan and complained, "When is Uncle Orakha coming?"

"I don't know. Just ask him." Boul Brimgan said, "You have his Minor Treasure too."

"Okay," Followed by a twirl, she turned around and was about to leave when she stopped. For a moment her focus laid upon Virala, asking, "Why are you here?"

"The adults are having a conversation here," Virala said in response, controlling his nervous trembling. He used psychokinesis to keep them steady, churning Prana into his throat to prevent his voice from letting out a stammer.

"That so?" The girl was none other than Ruvva, her expression disinterested. She didn't care about what he wanted to say, ignoring his words to ask, "Say, can I visit the Dralh Sea sometime in the future?"

"I'm curious about the other Mystic Humans."

"Visit whenever, there's a body of me stationed there all the time," Virala said with a deadpan expression.

He stared at her, observing that she didn't express anything when he spoke about his second body. It should be possible for him to make a second body only after his Mammoth Clan self was dead.

And when Ruvva was held in Gannala's stomach biome, she should have interacted with his Mammoth Clan self and realised what was happening. But the fact that she expressed no change in expression to hear about his second body only meant that she was aware of his Mammoth Clan self's death.

'Man, how much have you told them?' He mentally berated Orakha.

"So…" Ruvva stared at Inala and extended her hand, "Did you bring anything for me, uncle?"

The Mystic Paths were close enough in terms of genetics to be brothers. So, even when Inala changed races to become a Royal Zinger, Ruvva wasn't wrong in calling him uncle. And currently, she was doing the same that any child would at the sight of a rich relative—ask for gifts.

"Of course," Inala laughed and took out a nail-sized Biome Bomb that contained a golden spark. It was a fragment from a Bolt of Transcendence, condensed using a hundred thousand units of Mystic Grade Royal Zinger Prana.

The Biome Bomb's surface was also changed to resemble the Attributed Region, allowing the light emitted from within to spread around in a gentle golden hue, soft to the eyes.

It was only nail-sized, but upon staring at it, Ruvva burst into excitement and appeared before Inala with a flash of Prana, grabbing the Biome Bomb to exclaim, "Pretty!"

"Thank you, Uncle. You're not too bad." She laughed, suddenly noticing a vial had appeared in her palm. She observed it and stared at Virala, "This is…?"

Virala appeared nonchalant, but was internally fuming at Inala's actions. He didn't like the Indigo bastard one-upping him before his daughter. Even though he never talked to her, the current Ruvva's personality used the Mammoth Clan Ruvva as the base and inherited Yarsha Zahara's ego.

So, he knew that she might ask them for gifts and hence had already prepared one. However, he wanted to be the only one with a gift prepared for Ruvva. He wanted Inala to appear as an unconcerned relative.

'But of course, this fucking bastard cannot be trusted. I suspected him to do something like this, fucker!' He controlled his rage internally, his external expression remaining stoic. He faced his back towards Ruvva, having not budged an inch from the start.

He had given her the vial using psychokinesis. And now, he stated without making eye contact with Ruvva, "It doesn't have a name, but if I were to give it one, I'll call it the Mystic Elixir. Consuming it will grant you anywhere from two thousand to two thousand five hundred units of Prana."

At his words, Boul Brimgan stared at Virala in shock, 'Something like that is possible? Even we don't have the means to refine anything above a High-Grade Elixir.'

'Seems he wants to make the strongest possible impression on his daughter.' Boul Brimgan understood Virala's line of thought and calmly observed the scene, having no intention to interfere.

"That's…nice." Ruvva expressed as she stared at the vial, noticing Inala smile at her and point at the Biome Bomb, motioning for her to seep her Prana into it. Immediately in response, a beautiful melody reverberated out, pleasant to the ears.

A circuit outlined itself on the surface of the Biome Bomb once she seeped in her Prana, granting her a piece of information through a Tangible Piezo Slip. It allowed her to understand the ways to control the Biome Bomb, "There was more to this?"

The circuit allowed her to increase or decrease the sound's intensity, and change the songs too. She seeped Prana into a certain part of the circuit and watched two strings of Prana expand in response.

She placed the Biome Bomb in her ear, watching the two strings of Prana coil around her era, keeping it stable at the spot. As long as she supplies Prana to it, the Biome Bomb will continue to play her songs.

She shouted in excitement upon understanding the information, "There are over a thousand songs? This is so…

COOL!"

"My people were busy the past few months producing all those songs." Inala glanced at Virala for an instant before huffing in pride, "They were all made in consideration of your taste."

"I love them, Uncle!" Ruvva tapped the Biome Bomb with her index finger and changed the song, using it like an earphone. Holding the vial with one hand, she skipped around in joy, twirling more than she walked, her attention entirely on the songs as she hummed them and left the room.

Ruvva left the room, forgetting the close the door, displaying how much she was into the gift she received. And this gift was from Inala.

Virala remained mum, trying his best to avoid displaying a defeated expression. He was angered to the extreme. However, it was a fact that he failed to give a good enough gift to his daughter.

Ruvva was currently fourteen years old. Though she was far mature for her age, she currently didn't have any responsibilities. As a result, she could remain playful, since she was treated with care at the Brimgan Empire.

Towards such a person, an Elixir was of limited value, as she wasn't desperate to grow stronger. Ruvva knew her identity the best. Her father was the Mystic Human Virala while her mother was the Varahan Empress, Yarsha Zahara.

Both sides would avoid targeting her, since she was family. Even Brangara wouldn't try to harm her, since he respected Yarsha Zahara's decision to treat Ruvva as her daughter.

Aware of the politics, Ruvva had nothing to worry about, pretty much the only carefree existence on Sumatra. For someone like that, Inala's gift was more valuable, since it was an interesting toy that not only glowed but played lots of music.

Virala hadn't thought things through in that manner, since he was focused on strength and hence created an extremely valuable item that people would kill to obtain. 'Dammit!'

"Better luck next time," Inala said with a sarcastic tone of pity, "Though I wonder if you'll ever be valued by her."

Virala shot a glare at Inala. The taunt pricked him where it hurt. However, Inala wasn't a saint, and in this case, he was petty, never forgetting what Virala had said to him while they were on the railway.

"Let's…come back to the task at hand." Boul Brimgan interjected upon feeling Prana churn through the bodies of Inala and Virala, speaking before the duo began to duke it out.

"I can use the Spirit Container Lock on the both of you, but it wouldn't be for free." He spoke.

"I'll pay you the necessary sum in Parute Fruits." Virala said without missing a beat, "Just send the receipt to the Abode of the Mystics. My body there will take care of it."

"…Same," Inala said, "Send someone to collect the money from my Quip Clan once the ship starts its return journey."

"Alright, I'll do that." Boul Brimgan wanted to ask more about what Inala was doing at the Ravaged Federation. But he wanted to wait before satiating his curiosity. They had a lot to talk about, but first, it'll be better to use the Spirit Container Lock on them.

That will give him some leeway to ask Inala for details. "But I'm not the expert with the ability."

He snapped his finger and waited in patience, watching his mother, Harla Brimgan saunter in through the entrance. Nodding at her, he stared at the duo of Inala and Virala to say, "My mother's the expert at the task. And she has all the necessary Minor Treasures to unleash the Spirit Container Lock."

"Use it to bring us down to the Spirit Stage." Inala stared at Harla Brimgan, watching the latter's eyes turn cold upon seeing him. She had pent-up anger towards both Amita Brimgan and Virala.

"Alright," Followed by a grunt, Harla Brimgan activated six Minor Treasures that she had fused with, targeting Inala first with the Spirit Container Lock.

'This is an extremely powerful ability.' Inala thought as he observed the process, analysing the pros and cons of it immediately. He then watched Harla Brimgan repeat the process on Virala.

But once the Spirit Container Lock had fully taken root on the two, her expression changed, replaced by anger. An instant later, her presence billowed, fully displaying her killing intent. "The two of you cannot avoid my wrath now!"



Chapter 698 Heal Fast, Dammit!

"Hmm…?" Virala stared at Harla Brimgan, unsurprised about her reaction. After all, he had killed her husband. And currently, once the Spirit Container Lock had taken effect, he had been suppressed to the Spirit Stage.

His body grew incomparably weak, no longer reinforced by his two Mystic Grade Pranic Beast bodies. They were a product of his Nature attained at the Body Stage. Since he dropped to the Spirit Stage, he lost all that power.

Thankfully, this was a sealing-based power. So, even though he was suppressed to the Spirit Stage, he truly wasn't a Spirit Stage cultivator. If that were the case, he would only have a year left to reach the Body Stage or die trying.

80 Prana!

That was his current Prana capacity, which was a fart as compared to before. Now, the only power he had was Mystic Nature Art. It was the only means of power he had for every situation he faced. And in his current state, forget facing Harla Brimgan, he was finding it impossible to even stand in her presence.

Inala's state was similar. Sealed to the Spirit Stage, he lost the powers of his three Natures. His attributed Prana too was gradually settling down, reverting to normal Prana. Prana was circulated through the body by the Spirit Container.

Even his attributed Prana was the same. And as Spirit Container Lock targeted the Spirit Container, acting as a filter, it sealed the power of all Natures, including Mystic Royalty that was present in his Prana.

'As it's the product of six Minor Treasures, the effect is able to seal even Attribute. That's surprising.' Inala thought as he clenched his hand into a fist and relaxed, unable to feel his Pranic Beast strength.

Now, he was a mere Quip Clansman, unable to assume his Pranic Beast form, which would only be unlocked at the Body Stage. Similar to Virala, the only power he could wield now was Mystic Royal Art.

'That's plenty enough.' He thought and observed Harla Brimgan, 'If she wanted to kill us, she needn't keep her end of the deal and could have simply sealed our Spirit Containers completely.'

If that were to be applied, Inala wouldn't even be able to sense Prana. And that was enough for him to judge that Harla Brimgan was simply venting at the moment and didn't dare kill them. After all, they were targeting the Varahan Empire, the weakening of which benefitted the Brimgan Empire.

The Brimgan Empire was steadily arming itself to wage war against the Varahan Empire. Hence, acting against Inala and Virala at the moment would be foolish. Harla Brimgan was aware of that, having already been briefed on all details through an Information Slip by Boul Brimgan.

'Let's not waste time unnecessarily.' Thinking as such, Inala opened his mouth and unleashed a shriek in a frequency resonant with Harla Brimgan's body.

Mystic Royal Art—Piezo Resonance!

Shriek!

A Zinger shriek resounded from Harla Brimgan's body, stunning both her and her son. The duo stared at Inala reflexively, watching the latter unleash another shriek, but this time targeting Virala.

As the shriek slammed into him at a resonant frequency, a series of information appeared in his mind space, causing him to grin as Virala condensed two Spirit Containers and threw each to the mother and son duo.

Boul Brimgan grabbed the Spirit Container and swallowed it, aware of how Mystic Nature Art worked thanks to Ruvva. He knew Spirit Containers acted as Information Slips for Mystic Humans, observing some information appear in his mindspace as he rapidly digested the Information Slip.

In response, he sighed and stared at Harla Brimgan, "They're aware, Mother."

"I can see that myself." Harla Brimgan snorted and left the room, all while glaring at Virala primarily, followed by Inala.

Harla Brimgan had intended to pressure the two and make them subservient to her. She would then record it and use it as a wager against the Virala at the Dralh Sea to seek revenge. She could always use it as a bargaining chip to plummet Virala's reputation amongst the Mystic Humans.

No one would follow a leader whose act of being stomped and humiliated by Harla Brimgan was publicised everywhere. Once Virala was evicted from the Dralh Sea, she could take her time making his life a misery.

These were her thoughts, which had been revealed through a Zinger shriek by Inala. And as he had informed Virala too, both knew what to do. If Harla Brimgan were to target them, they'd commit suicide immediately.

Their bodies back home will become aware that the duo had died at the Brimgan Empire, which would prompt them to wage a war. That wouldn't bode well for their side. It was why Harla Brimgan left once her thoughts were leaked.

'So they weren't lying. They're more dangerous when weak.' Boul Brimgan thought upon contemplation, saying shortly as he condensed two Kinesis Felines, "I apologise for my mother's outburst. As compensation, let my golden felines escort you to your destination."

"Our compensation is no payment." Inala waved his hand, turned around, and began to walk towards the exit, "As for the trip, we'll travel on foot."

Boul Brimgan stared at Virala, noticing that he too had the same intention. Unable to understand the reason, Boul Brimgan expressed his confusion, "It might take you decades before you reach the Varahan Empire, and that is in a situation where you survive the wilds. You won't achieve anything as the Varahan Empire would have grown to an unshakeable level by then."

"I can help you shorten the journey time to two months."

"Before the Major Treasure of Attribute revealed itself, the Brimgan Empire too was thought of as unshakeable." Inala chuckled as he eyed Boul Brimgan, "And, what's the extent of damage you suffered?"

"It doesn't matter how strong they get in the meantime. If we planned to stomp them, we wouldn't have bothered to seal our strength." Virala said his piece, competing with Inala to express that he was as intellectually capable as the latter.

"Our survival senses have been numbed completely." Inala said and walked away, "We'll be sharpening it throughout our journey. Our entry into the Varahan Empire would be when our desperation for survival is at its zenith."

"I don't like the way he worded it, but that's the gist of things." Virala grumbled a bit, nodded at Boul Brimgan, and left, "A word of advice before I leave."

His words echoed in the room as Virala's figure entered the hallway, "Beware of the Parute Trees. Any information they perceive will find its way into the hands of Yamahara."

"Alright," He didn't understand the reason, but since Virala said it with such seriousness, Boul Brimgan intended to take the words to heart. Immediately in response, he made arrangements to relocate the Pranic Beasts—that had fused with Minor Treasures—from their treasury to another location, away from Parute Trees.

While he did that, the duo of Inala and Virala had boarded a railway and were en route to the border of the Brimgan Empire. They didn't sit in a luxurious compartment prepared for them, but instead boarded the railway alongside the general populace.

They simply borrowed the money necessary for two tickets from the Brimgan Royal accompanying them, taking a seat at their respective spots.

As he eyed the panning surroundings, Inala was relaxed, observing his level of ego plummeting gradually. 'Slowly, I'm reverting to the mental state I had as a Mammoth Clansman right after being reincarnated.'

There were still some differences though. The influence from the Supreme Tusk Gannala affected the moral state of the Mystic Seven. It was why they never hesitated to take drastic means.

Inala wouldn't be as bloodthirsty as his Mammoth Clan self. However, it was just a matter of time before he began a life of survival in an environment seething with danger.

By the time they were done, both Inala and Virala would be extremely bloodthirsty, unlike anything Sumatra had seen. After all, they were trying to survive at the Spirit Stage, which no one dared.

Free Humans lived in Kingdoms and Empires, living in the safety of their settlements all their lives. Very few dared to venture out, and even they thought of doing so only upon reaching the Life Stage and having a decent stack of bodies.

Venturing out in the Spirit Stage was a death sentence.

"I bid the both of you farewell." The Brimgan Royal bowed, controlling his confusion upon sensing the presence of the duo at the Spirit Stage. Thinking that it was another scheme from them, he didn't voice his thoughts aloud, watching the duo walk away with a slow gait.

"Let's talk about the abilities at our disposal." Inala said, watching Virala nod in response as he began, "Mystic Royal Art allows me to use Zinger Shrieks as a Spirit Weapon. My damage potential is limited, but I'll be competent in terms of scouting, surveying, and extracting information."

"Thank goodness," Virala was slightly relieved, "This way, we'll at least not be ambushed without being aware in advance."

He then patted his chest, "My body is my Spirit Weapon. I can reinforce myself through psychokinesis. I can increase my strength, speed, defence, etc."

"You'll be the attacker and I'll be our scout." Inala nodded as the duo established their roles. Their current bodies were on par with a Free Human, both physically and mentally. It meant that if they were careless, even an Iron Grade Pranic Beast could kill them.

Virala had 80 units of Prana while Inala had 60 units. That was nothing while venturing out in the wilds. And it hadn't even been long since they began the journey when Inala's body tensed up, making a shushing noise.

[Enemies!]

He used his Piezo Resonance Skill through a soft Zinger Shriek, alerting Virala. Following that, he let out soft whispers and focused on his ears, hearing Zinger Shrieks from seventeen locations. The louder the shriek, the weaker the being was, making it easy to attain resonant frequency.

His eyelids trembled as Inala felt tensed, judging based on the sounds the number of enemies they had to face, 'Fourteen Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, and three Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. Fuck!'

He extended his hand and grabbed Virala by the shoulder, taking in a deep breath as he felt faint waves of Prana being emitted by the Pranic Beasts, trying to scout their position. Prana surged into his throat as he opened his mouth and shouted, unleashing a Tangible Piezo Slip.

[Seduce!]

The Zinger Shrieks had already alerted the Pranic Beasts, for it originated from their bodies, causing confusion in their midst. And right as Inala unleashed a Tangible Piezo Slip, Virala grabbed him, churned psychokinesis through his legs, and ran up a tree.

"Tch!" A wave of Prana touched Virala, causing a prickle on a Pranic Beast's skin, prompting it to attack in his direction. A Spirit Weapon in the shape of a thorn flew his way and stabbed into his thigh, tugging the muscles underneath as the Pranic Beast intended to hook him first.

By this time, Inala's Piezo Slip curved through the air, controlled as a Spirit Weapon. It slammed into one of the females among the group of Pranic Beasts, influencing it faintly. The influence within the Tangible Piezo Slip resonated with its body, triggering its Prana accordingly to cause some memories to surface in its mind space.

These memories made the Pranic Beast feel an urge to seduce one of the males nearby. However, a single Tangible Piezo Slip wasn't enough to influence its actions fully. Aware of that, Inala directed eight more at it, consuming a unit of Prana per each Tangible Piezo Slip.

By now, the female Pranic Beast was fully influenced, beginning to seduce the nearby males that went into heat upon seeing its actions. Soon, they began to mate, including the one that had targeted Virala.

[Fart!]

Inala unleashed another seven Tangible Piezo Slips, causing the female to unleash its strongest fart at the height of their mating session, disorienting the senses of the Pranic Beasts.

That gave the duo of Inala and Virala enough time to hide within a bush, their expressions pale.

His thigh bled as Virala pulled out the thorn and threw it away, churning Prana into the wound as he was flustered, seeing it take forever to close, "Why is it so slow?"

He panted, completely disoriented upon seeing the snail's pace at which his wound healed. He then stared at Inala, asking upon seeing the latter's ashen face, "H-How much Prana did you use?"

"Fifteen units, a quarter of my reserve," Inala said, unable to calm down. Even after doing all that, they only managed to buy some time to huddle in a bush. Both had expended a good deal of their Prana reserves, with nothing to show for it.

They had never been so weak after all, which made it tough for them to adapt, especially when compared to the God-like strength they possessed until recently.

Unlimited Prana supply as long as living beings existed in the vicinity, limbs that regenerated in a matter of seconds, a body unflinching at the strongest of attacks, etc. Upon losing all their advantages, the duo were off to a rough start.

"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Virala cursed under his breath, flinching instinctively at every growl he heard nearby, continuing to apply pressure on his thigh wound, "Heal fast, dammit!"

'This is tougher than I expected.' Inala thought, sighing upon realising how lax he had gotten after gaining the Royal Zinger's peerless power.



Chapter 699 Weaponising an Itch

The powerful fart was toxic on their sensitive noses as the Pranic Beasts jumped away from the cause. They jumped around, circling around the female Pranic Beast, irritated by the interruption.

They unleashed grumpy growls, roaming across the place. They were quadrupedal creatures, resembling canines at first glance, sporting three pairs of ears that gave them enhanced hearing. Their tail was short, shaped into a large leaf capable of expanding in size to cover them, which is what they used to camouflage their positions when asleep.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Zincuar!

Primary Nature—Aerodynamic Stability!

Their leaf tails were capable of generating faint wind that assisted them in producing lift and drag as necessary, allowing them to pace swiftly through the forest, make sharp turns, and run for prolonged distances without tiring out.

They were nomadic and moved about in groups across the blessed land, ambushing weaker prey swiftly to gorge upon and flee. They primarily targeted the newborns of other Pranic Beasts, including Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

Their Primary Nature allowed them to move about stealthily, as silently as possible while maintaining top speed. They had limited combat capability and relied upon targeting only the weak. Along the centre of the leaf-shaped tail, in what seemed like a vein grew a thorn, protruding out.

It was barbed, reaching ten centimetres in length, sporting multiple spikes. This was what it removed and used as a Spirit Weapon, hooking onto its target when unleashed. Its only function was to cause the target to bleed.

When its Prana tries to heal the wound naturally, the hook gets stuck within the muscles, making it hard for the target to run, since they'll be targeted at the thighs, ankles, and other locations across the legs.

Zincuars will latch as many Spirit Weapons as possible onto their target and keep pace from afar, using their numbers to intimidate their target to continue fleeing, forcing it to exhaust its strength. Once it had been weakened enough, they'd swipe in for the kill.

Their exceptional hearing allows them to keep track of the footsteps of their fleeing target, no matter how faint it might seem. Moreover, their remaining senses were sharp like a canine, ensuring they didn't lose sight of prey once locked on.

And obviously, even during the commotion, the Zincuars hadn't lost sight of their target, the duo of Inala and Virala hiding in a bush. As they roamed around the place emitting disgruntled growls, their eyes tracked the bush, keeping watch.

While they moved, thorns protruded on the underside of their leaf-shaped tails, gradually increasing in number. They were using Prana and muscular strength to grow these thorns, preparing for the assault.

While the Zincuars made their preparation, three Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were lying in wait nearby. They weren't keen on targeting Inala and Virala due to their size differences. The duo wouldn't even be considered a decent snack to Silver Grade Pranic Beasts whose bodies ranged in length from multiple metres to even dozens of metres.

These Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were instead wary towards the Zincuars, as they weren't from the same species. They intended to attack any creature that dared come close. However, they were close-range fighters, able to attack only within their Spirit Weapon range.

As a result, all they could do was to keep watching warily. The cunning Zincuars were tethering right outside their Spirit Weapon range, keeping them on edge while focusing on the weakest prey first, the duo of Inala and Virala.

"I'm pretty sure we're screwed." Virala commented as he gasped, peering out of the bush to see the actions of the Zincuars, his face twisted in pain, "This hurts more than I expected."

"We can only try," Inala nodded, "If we're killed, we can send another batch of bodies to repeat the process."

"It's easy for you." Virala grumbled, "But I spent a lot of resources to grow this body."

"Then you better think of a way in which we could survive."

"Why don't you run out like a good little bro and act as bait while I flee?" Virala let out an innocent smile, "I promise to mourn for you for three…no two…even that is too much, maybe one second every day?"

The fact that Virala could joke around in this situation meant that they weren't in a worst-case scenario yet. He observed the Zincuars gearing up for the hunt, coming to and fro their position in an effort to alarm them.

He was alarmed but tried his best to keep his wits about himself, 'I'm no longer the Royal Zinger. I'm no longer the Royal Zinger.'

"I'm no longer the Royal Zinger." His eyes shot open, now more attuned to his reality. Prana surged into his throat as he inhaled a deep breath and activated his Piezo Slip Skill, emitting them through Tangible Piezo Slips.

Piezo Slip Skill unleashed a concentrated shriek that slammed into a target and carved an Information Slip on its surface. This worked in a straight line and lost a lot of power the longer it travelled.

Moreover, it was just a soundwave that he couldn't control. So, if any material were to obstruct its path, it would be dispersed or unleash the Information Slip prematurely, causing a failure in carving out the necessary information.

Therefore, the better option in the current situation was to load it up on a Tangible Piezo Slip, which spread around as a pocket containing the soundwave, acting as a Spirit Weapon until his Spirit Weapon range.

Packets of shockwaves rushed out of the bush, causing the Zincuars to react as their Prana detection means detected the clump of Prana within the packets. As the packets travelled at the speed of sound, they slammed into the target right as they had begun to react.

Aiee!

A Zincuar yelped in surprise as the impact from the packet of soundwaves caused a portion of the shockwaves to pierce through its hide and rattle its insides. It then noticed a circular carving had appeared on its skin, unleashing loud Zinger shrieks the moment it released Prana.

Piezo Slips weren't encrypted like other Information Slips. Not only were they visible to the naked eye, but they could also be accessed by seeping Prana into the carving. The only mode of encryption was the fact that the information stored in the Piezo Slips was using Zinger Shrieks. So, only Zingers could make sense of the information.

To anyone else, it would simply sound like a shriek. Normally, they were completely useless in terms of combat, which was why Inala hardly used them and instead relied on his Biome Bomb.

The Biome Bombs were effective even against Brangara, so it needn't be said that he wouldn't rely on anything else, considering their strength and versatility. But now that he couldn't use any of his original abilities and only had to rely upon Mystic Royal Art, he began to think of ways to use them.

Upon activating his Skill of Piezo Resonance, Inala detected the position of all the Zincuars and then targeted them with Tangible Piezo Slips, carving out Piezo Slips on their bodies. And when the Zincuars activated their Prana detection method, Zinger Shrieks resounded from their bodies.

They couldn't understand what was happening, terrified by the shrieks that were not only loud but also disoriented their hearing. Two Zincuars approached each other and scratched on the engraving, hoping to be rid of it.

However, even when damaged, Zinger Shrieks continued to resound from their bodies, scaring them even further. They didn't detect any difference in the Zinger Shrieks. However, to Inala, the content had changed from a coherent sound to garbled static noise.

[I'm Here!]

[!# $5#!]

The undamaged Piezo Slips released his voice through a Zinger Shriek while the damaged ones unleashed a garbled, broken voice of his. It allowed him to detect which Zincuars were alarmed enough to harm each other and which ones hadn't taken action yet.

In a matter of seconds, Zinger Shrieks covered the place, rendering the hearing senses of the Zincuars useless.

"Thank goodness," Inala muttered, managing to achieve his objective after using fourteen more units of Prana. He had used almost half his reserves, so if they didn't manage to gain something from this, they wouldn't be surviving to see the next daybreak.

"Pull your weight," He turned around to stare at Virala, saying upon seeing the latter had healed his injury fully.

"I know." Virala sighed as he observed himself, clenching his hand into a fist as Prana accumulated in the region, generating psychokinesis on himself, 'I see, so that's how Mystic Humans are meant to fight.'

He flinched in pain, biting onto his arm to control his urge to scream as he twisted and broke free his index finger. Prana surged into the wound and began to heal it while the severed index finger hovered above his arm, treated as a Spirit Weapon.

The body of Mystic Humans was their Spirit Weapon. To date, Virala hadn't figured out the ingenious ways he could take advantage of this one fact and instead relied upon the tool created by his Mystic Ewworm as a Spirit Weapon.

He applied psychokinesis on the index finger, using the force to dent its front, watching the bone within crack in response. However, he supplied Prana into it and mended the damage. In this manner, he could modify its shape.

It wasn't as fast as using Mystic Bone Art. However, he could control shape, and modify his entire body, and wasn't just limited to bones as Mammoth Clansmen.

Right after he had finished making the changes, Inala observed it with inspiration, immediately carving a Piezo Slip onto its surface. The tip of the index finger now resembled a needle, deadly sharp. Virala controlled it and sent it flying out of the bush, deftly swerving through the air as loud Zinger Shrieks resounded from it whenever any trace of Prana touched it.

It rapidly flew towards a Zincuar but was blocked by a thorn. But when the two came into contact, the index finger bent, just as fingers do, and latched onto the thorn. It applied strength in its lateral section and snapped it in half like a twig.

Once damaged, the Zincuar was only able to control one half, and the response was lacking from the thorn, slow, losing precision in its movements, and expending more Prana than usual. Before the Zincuar could let go of it and take out another Spirit Weapon that it had prepared under its leaf-

shaped tail's underside, the index finger landed on its body, beginning to scratch it.

Virala didn't have enough Prana to penetrate through its body and harm it. He had to reserve a portion to use psychokinesis and carry Inala to flee in a hurry. Hence, he resorted to scratching the Zincuar.

"That…is supposed to do something?" Inala frowned, "Just send it into its mouth. The shockwaves it'll emit upon getting into contact with Prana emanating from it would rattle its insides and kill it over time."

"They'll be on guard once I use it, so I'll keep it as a last resort." Virala said and flashed a twisted smile, "I thought of something good, so just watch it."

The index finger scratched, causing the Zincuar an itch. Unfortunately, it didn't have the means to scratch itself like a human, prompting it to rub its body on a nearby tree, similar to animals. But right as it did that, the finger scratched its other side upon quickly disarming its second thorn.

Whenever it intended to accurately detect its position—to target with its Spirit Weapon—using its Prana detection means, intense sound echoed from the index finger, momentarily disorienting it.

Using that window, the index finger scratched many spots on its body until the skin turned red and began to itch, urging it to scratch the spots for relief.

Grrr! Grahh!

The Zincuar lost its mind soon enough, having dozens of spots on its body that were itching profusely. Adding onto the constant Zinger Shrieks that were unnecessarily loud, it turned mad and rammed its head into the tree.

It tumbled into a couple of Zincuars in its maddened rush, eventually ramming its head nonstop into the tree until it bled. As it collapsed to the ground, the index finger gently poked into its nose and sent another Zinger Shriek inside, directly targeting the head until blood dripped out of its orifices.

"We killed one." Virala inhaled a deep breath and bit his arm before snapping off the thumb and middle finger, saying upon seeing Inala's gaze of confusion, "Chopsticks to pull out its heart. Consuming it is the fastest way we can recover our Prana."

The duo had changed bushes during the chaos. This way, the Zincuars lost track of them. But before they figured out a way to disarm the Piezo Slips, they all had to be neutralised. With that thought in mind, the two began to move stealthily, approaching the Zincuar they had neutralised.

However, they had to stop in their tracks, promptly realising their mistakes as they stared at the faces of each other, "We didn't plan against those three."

With a sigh, they stared as one of the three Silver Grade Pranic Beasts swiped in and gobbled up the neutralised Zincuar, forcing the disorganised remainder to flee. Now, the duo of Inala and Virala had not only lost their prey but had also consumed half their Prana reserves with no gains.



Chapter 700 Treading the Path of Versatility Once Again

"Ha..haha…hahaha!" Inala burst into laughter once the Silver Grade Pranic Beast retreated into its home, keeping a watch on its children.

"Hehe!" Virala too broke into laughter, realising how comical the situation was. With their actual strengths, a Silver Grade Pranic Beast wasn't anything worth worrying about. However, their reason for laughing wasn't that.

"That was a horrible attempt," Inala wiped the faint tears he shed due to excess laughter and calmed down, analysing their actions, "We fought like shit back there and didn't even think of something as basic as guarding our prey against another predator."

Something that would have been common sense to them before was now a concept that had to consciously focus on. The problem stemmed from their presence.

Whether it was Virala or Inala's actual presence, the moment they unleash it in full swing, a Minor Crisis would be generated from the nearby Iron Grade Pranic Beasts losing their minds. And as long as they continued to emit their presence, no other existence would dare approach them, even if the other party was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

This had become their common sense upon becoming a pinnacle existence on Sumatra. As a result, even after sealing their strength, they hadn't thought of guarding their prey and instead remained careless about the three Silver Grade Pranic Beasts whose existence Inala had already detected at the very beginning.

What they did was nothing short of a blunder. It was why they were laughing, having come to realisation that in the pursuit of power, they lost a good majority of the components of survival necessary in Sumatra.

'That was why my original build was finalised at the Silver Grade.' Inala understood the thought process he had while reading Sumatra Chronicles and fantasising about his build if he could one day live on Sumatra.

Silver Grade was perfect in that sense. It created enough room for versatility and strength but still kept the owner on his toes, constantly forcing him to innovate in an effort to survive better.

The Royal Zinger's base state too was at the Silver Grade, but his Silver Grade strength wasn't like other Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. He had plenty of advantages, not to mention being able to stockpile Gold and Mystic Biome Bombs, which can exert the strength of the respective Royal Zinger Grades on their own.

So, even at the Silver Grade, his strength far exceeded his Grade. That caused Inala to gradually lose his edge for survival, dulling in response.

"It's good that we're able to experience this well in advance." Inala nodded, "I want us to be ready before the Third Major Disaster. Once we synchronise our experiences with our main bodies, we'll be able to truly destroy Brangara."

"Obviously," Virala nodded before patting his stomach, "But first, we need to find something to eat. I'm hungry."

"I'm not your mother," Inala shrugged and pointed at a bush nearby, "Those fruits resemble berries. Let's eat that."

"You eat it first," Virala smiled, "If it's safe for consumption, I'll follow suit."

"Wow, what a coward," Inala commented and plucked some of the berries and smelled them. He paused in patience and recalled the information in his memories. Soon, he popped a few in his mouth and began to eat them, "Alright, they aren't as sour as I had feared."

"Are they safe to eat?" Virala asked as he inched closer.

"Not entirely," Inala shook his head, "But we can heal the damage using Prana. Eventually, we'll be able to recover our Prana capacity."

"Heal the damage?" Virala sighed at the words before asking, "How long do you think we need to consume them to reach full capacity?"

"After using Prana to heal constantly and then consume them…let's see..." Inala trailed off a bit before saying, "Around four to five days?"

"That long?" Virala's eyes widened in shock as he realised just how different things were at the bottom of the power system. He then recalled his days at the Mammoth Clan where they constantly calculated the Parute Fruits in their possession, the price of whatever they purchased, etc.

As the duo began their survival, they were gradually awakening to the senses and logic they used to possess in the past as Mammoth Clansmen.

Five days later, at a small cave that they had drilled into a large boulder, Virala was on the floor, sprawled while clutching his stomach in pain. His face was bluish, showing signs of being poisoned.

Prana circulated through his body gradually, trying to expunge the poison as soon as possible. Inala was lying just nearby, his face a similar colour. But instead of lying on the floor like Virala, he was seated calmly.

Stomach ache was nothing to someone who had ripped his organs out. The pain was still horrible, but he had the necessary mental faculties to endure. His focus was currently on his palm as he gradually seeped Prana through it, observing the Prana beginning to change form.

'I see, so that's where Prana Stitch has been integrated and derived from.' Inala observed his palm print, outlining the circuit shown there.

Similar to humans, the race of Zingers too had palm prints. Moreover, unlike the other races, all the strength of a Zinger was concentrated in its arm. From gliding to condensing Prana Bombs, it was done through the hands.

So, anatomically speaking, the number of blood vessels flowing through a Zinger's arm was greater than the rest of its body. This allowed them to emit Prana from their palms the fastest in comparison to the rest of their body.

All the blood vessels ended at the palm, from where they emitted Prana. And as Inala thought about it, the Royal Zinger was similar in its fundamental composition. The majority of its strength was concentrated in its arms.

Though Inala was aware of it, he had been more focused on external aspects like the creation of Minor Treasures, Biome Lattice, etc. He had been subconsciously using his arms without actively thinking about them.

When he created the Minor Treasure of Prana Stitch in the hourglass, he seeped his Prana through his arms. Even when he activated Perfect Biome Domination, he unleashed it through his arms.

Now, he gained a better understanding of why he obtained Prana Stitch among the various options he had and why he subconsciously felt it to be the best for his purpose. It wasn't brought about by the Brimgan Founder's influence but by his own.

Prana Stitch was a circuit through which Prana can flow with the characteristics of a Prana Bomb and Tangible Psychokinesis. To unleash it, a Quip Clansman would have to weave a string of Prana.

They could also load the power up in a Piezo Slip, causing the Prana Stitch's circuit to form based upon the circuit formed by the Piezo Slip. That was all fine, as the power functioned as intended.

However, it was born from the Royal Zinger's characteristics. And the exact place it was derived from was his palms, or the palm print to be exact.

Since the Quip Clan were derived from him, possessing varying levels of the Royal Zinger genes according to their Grades, they too sported the same characteristics. It meant that every Quip Clansman was able to use a form of Prana Stitch naturally, as long as they had the necessary information.

This was possible even without the Tertiary Nature of Prana Stitch. Inala only needs to seep Prana into his palms and press them onto a surface to engrave the circuit there. This circuit will generate the power of Prana Stich in a certain form.

Stitching two objects together, stitching Biome Bombs into a singular whole, stitching the surfaces of living beings with inanimate objects, there were plenty of applications of Prana Stitch.

Curious about what application his palm print generated, Inala seeped Prana through it, slow and steady, watching it spread across his palm before it dissipated. He smiled wryly, 'My control is insufficient.'

Sighing, he observed a loss of five units of Prana just from the failed experiment. He got up and kept watch of his surroundings, carefully harvesting another batch of berries that grew plenty in the region.

He dragged the bag with him and entered the cave, only to see Virala instinctively move farther away.

"T-That thing, move it away!" He shouted while pointing with a trembling finger, "I'm not eating that crap even if you kill me."

"Don't be a drama queen, this is the only edible produce we can obtain without risking our lives," Inala said and dropped the bag on the floor. He scooped out a handful and stuffed them in his mouth, feeling his stomach heat up in response and increase the intensity of his stomach ache.

He scowled in response but continued eating, interested in training and getting the hang of his natural Prana Circuit. 'I'm discovering aspects of myself that I never knew existed.'

He then stared at a pile of neatly severed body parts nearby Virala, maintained in a pristine condition, 'This guy is exploring the possibilities of Mystic Humans too.'

"Don't you need to finish whatever you're doing there?" Inala asked as he pointed toward the pile, "Won't they rot at this rate?"

"As long as there's a portion of my Prana inside, they won't begin decomposing." Virala said, for a moment distracted as he stared at a severed finger, "I plan to finish creating them soon. But this will take me even longer to replenish my Prana to its full capacity."

"Then you must eat," Inala said and pushed the bag in his direction, laughing upon seeing him leap back reflexively like a startled cat. He had used psychokinesis on his legs to perform the action, hating the berries to such an extent.

"Scared?" Inala taunted.

"Fuck you!" Virala grumbled, expressively stating his distaste, "I would rather die than eat that…"

His stomach rumbled, thunderously in fact, as he had been constantly ripping out fingers and ripping them, consuming both his Prana and muscular mass. His resistance dropped in response as he dragged himself towards the bag of berries, resigned to his fate, "Fuck this shit!"

Inala ignored the sight of Virala shedding tears upon consuming the berries, feeling too disgusted to stare in that direction. Instead, he sat at the entrance of the cave and began to experiment with his Prana Stitch, his face beaming in joy gradually, 'There's more to Mystic Royal Art.'

The Mammoth Clan's Mystic Bone Art had been extensively developed, with thousands of Skills and dozens of Prime Skills. There even existed simple methods using which one could clean themselves, maintain their hygiene, etc.

All these facets of Mystic Bone Art had been extensively developed, practiced, and refined over a span of twelve to thirteen thousand years. The principal cause behind their creation was simple—necessity.

Necessity is the mother of invention!

This fact held true everywhere, which was why Inala only managed to create three Skills for the Quip Clan, not because he couldn't make more, but because he faced no necessity to think of Skills to create.

'Now, I can take this time to actually produce Skills, since my survival depends on it.' That thought alone caused him to smile, as even though he was batshit weak now, he was once again treading on the path of versatility, the core of his belief.



