Chapter 231 A Tough Life from Hereon

The walls of the cliff were robust, resembling rock. Even though the hills were created by the Mudropper using soil sourced from beyond the Sanrey Plains, the fact that they currently looked no different from an actual hill spoke volumes about the Mudropper's power.

And this had all been achieved in a month.

Inala was honestly impressed by it as he approached the cliff wall and touched it, 'This feels no different from lava solidifying into rock over time. It's amazing!'

As he thought, an Empyrean Zinger Scout landed on his shoulder, allowing him to access its memories and witness the Mudropper in action.

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey!

The Mudropper consumes soil, processes it in its body and spits it out in the form of sand typically. The grey sand has the property of assimilating anything and everything into it, matter or energy.

Just by using this one principle, it could control the degree of assimilation to bind various substances together into a form it desired.

This array of hills was straight up a result of that. It wasn't limited to this alone as the Mudropper seemed to possess hundreds of Skills that could be used through its Primary Nature to unleash a variety of effects.

Wind blew through the gorges, strong enough to send someone flying. A constant whistling sound resounded throughout the region, and depending on the route taken by the wind flowing through the maze of hills, the tune of the sound varied.

But even though this sound should have originally creeped out the people, the Quip Tribesmen felt themselves naturally calming down, in peace, able to appreciate the sounds.

After all, this region mimicked the Dieng Canyon, home of the Zingers. The Quip Tribe was a Ravaged Tribe under the Zinger Race. Therefore, they were instinctively drawn towards the place.

Since none of them were at the Body Stage yet, they couldn't scale up the steep, almost vertical walls on their own. Therefore, a rope ladder had been created for them to climb to the top. The material for it was carefully sourced from the roots of a massive tree.

Hence, the rope ladder wouldn't snap halfway during a climb. But there was just one rope ladder. Inala didn't want the Quip Tribe to grow comfortable.

Otherwise, with a set of stairs carved into the hill and bridges connecting the various hills, the Quip Tribe would begin comfortably living at the peak without having to worry about anything, taking advantage of the terrain's defensive nature to stay safe.

They would be living no different to their lives in Ellora City if that were to happen. Rather, their lives would be even more comfortable, since they wouldn't have to defend against the Slump Lizards.

Hence, he only created one rope ladder, whose only function was to allow them to climb up and down for three years, after which, it would naturally wilt. By then, those who had entered the Body Stage would be able to easily scale up the steep walls.

The peak of the hills looked safe at first glance, but resources there were sparse. Most of the trees there were Baobab Trees, similar to the ones found in the Dieng Canyon. But the ones here were a lot smaller, only storing a small quantity of water inside, taking forever to replenish their reserves. Moreover, their numbers were few and far between.

The quantity within was enough for drinking purposes, similar to what the Zingers did. But if the Quip Tribe wanted to farm, the water wouldn't be enough. Therefore, their only choice would be to scale down the cliff walls using their claws and draw water from the canals flowing through the gorges.

The Mudropper created a few such canals, drawing them from the Angan River. The porous rock forming the hill absorbed this water too, which eventually made their way to the roots of the Baobab trees.

Moreover, if the Quip Tribesmen wanted to eat meat, they would have to hunt the Slump Lizards. Therefore, they would be forced to train and climb up and down the hill daily for resources.

This ensures extended usage of their abilities, which in turn would transform them into a functioning Ravaged Tribe with a dedicated purpose.

Inala wanted as many Tribesmen of the Quip Tribe to awaken their Secondary Nature. For that to be possible, pushing them to the extreme was a necessity. Hence, he asked the Mudropper to make the soil atop the hill peaks lack the nutrients necessary for large-scale farming activities.

"My work here is done," Inala said abruptly and pointed at the top of a certain hill, "There's a temple there that contains an information database. It includes information regarding architecture, agriculture, and a bunch of other useful stuff. I've also created many Skills that complement the Silver Immunity Art. All of them are present in the temple."

"And in its underground is a Parute Tree farm. There are ninety Parute Trees there, which will serve as your foundation." He waved his hand and ignored their voices requesting him to stay with them, flickering away from the location, "Develop well!"

Among the three hundred Parute Trees controlled by the Ganrimb Kingdom, the Mudropper took fifty of them for its exclusive use. This was its payment for using its powers to transport the Parute Trees to the territories of the five Tribes without damages.

The remaining two-hundred-fifty were divided between the five tribes. Among them, Inala claimed ninety Parute Trees, causing the other four Tribes to receive forty each. It was divided based on strength and contribution.

The Quip and Ropper Tribes got the advantage by getting ninety Parute Trees each. There were bound to be problems in the future because of this arrangement, but it couldn't be helped, as currently, these two Tribes had the biggest populations.

The Quip Tribesmen were flustered by Inala's sudden departure. The armoured individuals following him left with him, causing the Tribesmen to feel abandoned for some reason.

"We received too much." One of them proclaimed, "It's time we worked hard and grow stronger. Only then can we repay this favour."

Thirty-two thousand was a lot of people to climb using one rope ladder. Thankfully, they were all cultivators, capable of assisting each other through their Spirit Weapons.

And since the rope ladder was strong enough to not snap under their weight, the Quip Tribesmen climbed like a file of ants, proceeding up at a decent pace.

Gappu reached the peak of the outermost hill and stared at the breathtaking view under the evening sun, observing a sea of hills spread before him. The gorges made it seem as if the earth had developed large cracks.

The breadth of the gorges varied from thirty metres to sometimes exceeding hundred metres. So, it wasn't realistic to travel from one hill to another unless they obtained their Secondary Nature and were able to activate their Wing transformation.

After looking around for a few minutes, Gappu noticed a building far away, looking nail-sized in his vision, exclaiming in excitement, "There's the temple!"



Chapter 232 Silver Support Art

While the Quip Tribe was sorting through their situation, assisted by the Empyrean Zinger King who revealed its existence to them, Inala made rounds to the other Tribes.

His first stop was the Guardian Tribe, arriving before a mountain positioned adjacent to the Angan River. There was a waterfall from its peak. Situated behind the waterfall was a large cave, the Boutique Lizard's dwelling.

Within the cave was a pond, the source of the waterfall. There was an underground geyser feeding water into the pond, as a result maintaining the waterfall.

From time to time, the Boutique Lizard would lay a group of Slump Lizard eggs and throw them in the pond. The water currents would then bring these eggs into the Angan River.

Hearing the sounds of his footsteps, the Boutique Lizard perked up in excitement and came to the cave's entrance to receive him. It even served him tea, mimicking humans. It had observed enough humans to even learn the method to brew tea.

And honestly, it was one of the best as Inala's eyes lit up after a sip, "Damn, this is good."

He took his time to enjoy the tea and got down to business, "Have you prepared the egg?"

[It is here!]

The Boutique Lizard carefully brought out an unhatched egg. This wasn't an egg that would birth a Slump Lizard, but a Boutique Lizard, its offspring.

Inala didn't know about this before, but all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in the Sanrey Plains were females. Their trait in regards to giving birth was similar to an ant queen, i.e., after a single mating session, the ant queen receives all genetic material necessary to lay eggs for the rest of her life.

The Rockatrice, Mudropper, Boutique Lizard, Carcass Snail, and Rooted Clam; all were the same. They possessed the genetic material to lay eggs whenever they wanted. They just hadn't done so yet because the conditions weren't favourable.

They only intended to birth offspring after some years had passed, for in their estimation, that was the best time. One of the biggest reasons for that was the development of their respective Ravaged Tribes. Even now, that hasn't changed.

But after Inala came into the picture and the four Silver Grade Pranic Beasts accepted him as part of their team, they made preparations to lay an egg each, not to birth a progeny, but to assist Inala.

He told them that as long as he received an egg from each and used the egg as a sacrifice for a mysterious technique, he would be able to create a powerful cultivation technique for them.

[I only have one, so use it well.]

There was a hint of exhaustion in the Boutique Lizard's voice, as its accumulations weren't robust enough to birth its offspring so soon.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

Inala watched the egg shrink into a tiny sphere and harden in response. It now held all the data of a Boutique Lizard. Using the Mind Slip Prime Skill, he absorbed all the data and asked, "What do you wish for your Ravaged Tribe to do?"

"What's their intended purpose?"

"Do you have any desires towards their abilities?"

"What power factor do you want their Primary Nature to be geared towards?"

The two discussed for the next couple of days, at the end of which Inala finished creating a cultivation technique. Well, it wasn't as if he was researching and butting his head to make it.

The past two days were spent only for him to get a clear idea of the Boutique Lizard's goals. And upon referencing it to the data, he relayed his thoughts. During the process, when the data failed to support its goals, he asked for alternate goals it would be content pursuing.

Once they arrived at a goal that the data in him supported, Inala simply activated Mystic Skill Creator and watched the magic happen. And the result?

Silver Support Art!

A cultivation technique created with the sole intention of assisting and supporting the Boutique Lizard in its daily life. When a Guardian Tribesman reaches the Body Stage, they can take on their Ravaged Tribe form.

Primary Nature—Boutique Lizard Protector!

When active, it connects the Prana of the Guardian Tribesman to the Prana of the Boutique Lizard they serve. When the Boutique Lizard gets attacked, the damage is transferred to a Guardian Tribseman's Prana.

The Guardian Tribesman's Prana consumption would be equivalent to the power behind the attack. It was a powerful ability, but for it to work, the Guardian Tribesman ought to be in physical contact with the Boutique Lizard. Secondly, the Primary Nature must be activated.

Overall, despite its limitation, this was a powerful Primary Nature, at the Silver Grade even. And since the Guardian Tribe would only be able to transform at the Body Stage, the side effects disappeared, preventing their premature deaths.

At their peak, a Guardian Tribesman possessed 390 Prana and could live up to seventy years. It wasn't just that. Inala created an ability similar to his Quip Tribesman Prime Skill for the Boutique Lizard to convert the Free Humans into part of its Ravaged Tribe.

The end result of that was the creation of the Guardian Tribe which became a fully functional Ravaged Tribe. Unlike the Quip Tribe, the Guardian Tribe's cultivation technique ended at granting them a Primary Nature.

Inala didn't stint on the techniques, making them as powerful as possible with the data in his possession. The only reason he did that was to ensure the Quip Tribe didn't grow too strong and overturn the Sanrey Plains.

The safe zone in Sumatra Continent, called the Sanrey Plains was only maintained thanks to the careful cooperation of the Five Tribes. Hence, to the best of his abilities, Inala wanted to maintain that balance.

If the balance collapses, the Sanrey Plains will fall apart and merge into the rest of the Sumatra Continent.

Watching the Boutique Lizard excitedly transform the two thousand Free Humans in its settlement into the fully evolved Guardian Tribe, Inala concluded their cooperation and exited the cave.

By accessing a small data cluster of the Boutique Lizard, he understood how they maintained this region. 'The Boutique Lizard has the capability of transferring all its accumulations to its progeny, similar to an Empyrean Tusk, but vastly inferior. Thanks to this inheritance, its child also possesses all genetic material necessary to create its progeny and continue the tradition from one generation to the next.'

This was how, from one generation to another, the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts created the Sanrey Plains. All five of them had this power, which was the reason they came together to cooperate in the first place.

As Inala surfed through the memories further, he understood that the formulae in place would be disrupted if more of their progeny were to appear before all preparations were completed. Hence, there was just one of their kind every generation. "Splendid!"

"This level of cooperation is exemplary." He praised and made his way towards the Mollusc Tribe next.



Chapter 233 Inala x Mudropper

The cultivation technique for the Mollusc Tribe was more or less on par with the Guardian Tribe, the same was true for the Pearl Tribe too.

A week later, Inala finally arrived at the highlight that he was the most excited about, the Ropper Tribe. After all, the only way he could create a proper cultivation technique for these Ravaged Tribes was based on the data regarding the Pranic Beast itself.

Hence, they provided him with their eggs. This implied that he would soon come into possession of the Mudropper's data, something he was desperate to obtain, 'Man, I can't curb my excitement.'

He took some time to calm down and approached the Mudropper that had been waiting for him, holding a tiny egg that was barely the size of his fist.

"Is this your egg?" He asked in wonder, "Why is it so small?"

[No questions!]

"Okay," Inala wasn't bothered by that fact, for he would soon get the answer to everything. He grabbed the Mudropper egg and activated Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill, causing the egg to shrink to nail-sized and harden in response.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

'Damn!' He was stunned to see a trove of information inside on par with Gannala, on the level of an Empyrean Tusk. No, Gannala stood at the peak among Empyrean Tusks, called the Supreme Tusk. This information was on par with her, 'This is absurd!'

Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Mudropper!

It wasn't even at the peak of the Silver Grade, but the volume of information possessed by it was on Gannala's level, an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast that stood at the peak of its race.

'As expected, Mudroppers are a mysterious race.' Inala thought, intending to take his time comprehending the data at a later date. He first set on the task of creating a cultivation technique, following the same formulae as before.

[I only expect one thing. They must survive in the Sandy-Grey Void and only there. The moment they are exposed to the outside, they have to die.]

That was the Mudropper's sole expectation. And honestly, it was damn easy to create a suitable cultivation technique.

Or rather, there was enough data to create a Tribe that could easily outclass his Quip Tribe. But Inala didn't say that, because there was no need to do so.

He simply stopped at satisfying the Mudropper's desire. The resultant Ravaged Tribe would be on the same level as the Guardian Tribe and the other Tribes. But in the Sandy-Grey Void, they would be superior.

[I'm grateful, Inala! You've made my life easier.]

Hearing its gratitude only made him smile as Inala replied, "I'm simply honouring my end of the agreement. Now, for the good stuff."

He took out three shiny pebbles and presented them to the Mudropper, "I need your help with this."

The Mudropper was stunned to see the three pebbles. For a moment, it displayed greed before controlling itself, knowing very well that it didn't have the strength to take it from Inala and survive the resulting conflict.

[Sumatra Gold? Where did you get it from?]

'Gudora's treasury!' Inala smirked internally. When he first saw it there, the pressure he felt from them was unbearable, making him realise they were very valuable, 'So, they are called Sumatra Gold.'

He activated his Mind Slip Prime Skill in response, accessing the Mudropper data to see a cluster appear before him.

"Give me some time." Inala didn't explain himself and sat cross-legged, focusing on comprehending this information cluster. In the meantime, the Mudropper busied itself with turning the Free Humans in its settlement into part of the Ropper Tribe.

A day later, Inala's eyes shot open, slightly red, partly nervous, but mostly excited, having completed his understanding about Sumatra Gold.

Sumatra Gold could be said to be the purest essence extract of the Sumatra Continent itself, produced only by its Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. Based on the limited understanding the Mudropper had about this mineral, Sumatra Gold garnered the continent's support.

In simpler terms, if a Free Human were to succeed in incorporating Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar, his cultivation life would be easier. Prana would accumulate faster in his body, the attacks he unleashes would be more potent than usual, and its effects on the environment in Sumatra Continent would be stronger.

He would also be able to instinctively sense changes in his environmental surroundings and adapt to all conditions. The greater the quantity of Sumatra Gold fused into his Human Avatar, the stronger this effect.

But Sumatra Gold was akin to royalty among minerals. Hence, fusing it in a Human Avatar was next to impossible. The Brimgan Empire's Founder was the sole person to have succeeded. And even he only incorporated a small amount of Sumatra Gold in his Human Avatar. But just that minuscule amount granted him strength touted superior to even a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

Unfortunately for Inala, he was a Mammoth Clansman and not a Free Human. Hence, he couldn't fuse with it. But that didn't matter, as he planned to use it on weapons.

With the Mudropper's power, it was possible. "Can you help me?"

[It won't be cheap.]

"Name your price," Inala said, "And I'll try my best to fulfil it."

[The Boar King's information. I want everything you have on him.]

There was absolute silence following that as the air between the two turned stern, almost volatile. Inala sported the same amicable expression as before, but Prana began to churn through his body.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

All the Prana in his Spirit Container flooded his bloodstream and circulated his body, ready to strike at a moment's notice with power beyond what anyone at his stage could unleash.

He stared at the Mudropper, "Were you watching?"

"How much do you know?"

[Deal, or no deal?]

"There's not much about him with me…"

[You are the Supreme Tusk's most beloved child. And your daughter is the Supreme Tusk's successor. With the power you used on my egg, I can guarantee that you possess the Boar King's most sensitive information.]

"Hehe!" Inala laughed as four Life Hands hovered behind him.

[Huehue!]

The Mudropper let out chuckles as in response, the Sandy-Grey Void ring quaked. With a thought from it, the Sandy-Grey Void ring would no longer be contained within the ring. It would spread inside and devour the entire Sanrey Plains.

Inala would be able to kill the Mudropper. But everything he worked for would be destroyed in the process. Moreover, if the Sandy-Grey Void ring becomes as dangerous as the actual Sandy-Grey Void surrounding the Sumatra Continent, it would be hard for him to preserve his life.

"Keke!"

[Kuku!]

"Haha!"

[Hahaha!]

Both parties remained in a standoff for a good couple of minutes, chuckling like two insane bros who had a drug overdose.

The four Life Hands vanished as Inala rubbed his hands together, "I was just kidding, brother Mudropper. Don't tell me you got fooled?"

[Surely you jest, brother Inala. I knew it from the start and hence played along!]

The Mudropper's eyelids blinked like a butterfly in its response to act cute and flattering. There was an awkward silence for five seconds before both bumped their fists.

"Here's to a happy cooperation!"

[Surprise, surprise!]



Chapter 234 Sumatra Canon

Somehow, the Mudropper came to learn sensitive information regarding Inala and his relationship with the previous Gannala and the current Gannala.

Inala did intend to kill the Mudropper because he wasn't comfortable with having his secrets leaked like this. But the moment he expressed his intention, the Mudropper did the same, displaying its ability to destroy the entire Sanrey Plains.

'Somehow, it seems capable of learning everything that happens in the Sanrey Plains. I should be careful about that.' Since a conflict would only result in mutual destruction, Inala had no other choice but to retract his intent to kill the Mudropper, 'Anyway, I have the Mudropper's data with me. So, I'm the winner of this transaction.'

Inala grunted, feeling mild pain in his chest as he activated the Ropper Tribe's cultivation technique, causing a minor change in his Prana signature. He picked up a piece of rock that acted as the Ropper Tribe's Bone Slip equivalent and inscribed all of the Boar King's information in it.

"This is it," He said and threw the rock to the Mudropper that caught it and absorbed the information, closing its eyes as it observed the memories in satisfaction.

'Phew!' Inala relaxed as he activated his Mystic Bone Art, feeling the pain in his chest vanish. The faint traces of his Prana influenced by the Ropper Tribe's cultivation technique were ejected out of his body.

His Prana Values permanently dropped down by two units as a result of using a cultivation technique other than Mystic Bone Art. Losing two units wasn't problematic as he could recover it in a couple of weeks of training.

[I accept this payment.]

The Mudropper said after a while and carefully stored the stone in its treasury situated deep within the Sandy-Grey Void ring. It then returned and stared at Inala, asking what he wished to create.

[Let's start!]

"Alright," Inala nodded and let out a screech, causing a group of Empyrean Zingers to fly towards him and land nearby, dropping a bag of Life Bombs each, all filled with Lifeforce.

As he continued to wait, a second group arrived, carrying a large Pranic Beast that they had captured from outside. It was an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the one with the most Lifespan in the Iron Grade.

Two more of the same Pranic Beast were brought when Inala latched a Life Hand on each and nodded at the Empyrean Zingers, asking them to protect him. 'This is going to hurt like shit!'

He started by ripping out his lungs, experiencing terrifying levels of pain that caused him to holler out. He did consume an anaesthetic created by Lurt, but its effects were flushed out by his Prana naturally. Hence, he couldn't avoid the pain ultimately.

He gasped and waited while his stomach absorbed the Lifeforce in a Life Bomb and regenerated his lungs.

After the lungs were his jaw, then the food pipe, windpipe, etc. The last on the list was his heart. At that moment, a bunch of Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms landed on his chest and carefully connected with the various arteries and veins leading to his heart, temporarily behaving as his heart.

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System!

They were a part of his body anyway, the only reason why this worked without issues. Inala carefully extracted his heart and watched a torrent of Prana and Lifeforce return to the region, beginning to regenerate another heart.

'It's surprisingly easier to extract my heart than my stomach.' He thought in the end, having completed the process. Once the heart regenerated, he observed his Spirit Container inside, 'Good, it regenerated without issues.'

He then expanded his Prana and sensed the extracted heart, observing the Spirit Container in it. They were identical, since the Spirit Container was part of the heart. And all Inala did was regenerate his organ, nothing else.

The Mudropper stared at him as if he were a madman, terrified especially by his eyes brimming with excitement despite him ripping out his organs while hollering in pain. It mentally decided to label him a madman who should never be offended.

After all, its mother imparted upon it some life wisdom, which was to never mess with crazy. Inala fit the bill to the dot.

Unaware of the Mudropper flinching upon his every shriek, Inala grinned upon seeing his body parts forming a pile nearby, maintained fresh by infusing Lifeforce into it at a steady level. It didn't end here, for he needed to rip out nine more sets of lungs, only then would it end.

A day later, he activated Mystic Bone Art and began to refine the entire pile, steadily transforming it into a canon. While doing so, he infused Prana into the lungs and activated his Secondary Nature to bend the space within to the limit.

He then stared at the Mudropper, "It's your turn to assist me. Fuse one Sumatra Gold into this to ensure it's stably maintained and doesn't require Lifeforce constantly to not shatter."

All his Sumatra Zingers were fragile in the sense they required Lifeforce to be fed to them at regular intervals. Otherwise, the organs would begin deteriorating until their eventual decomposition.

[That's easy.]

A large volume of Prana flowed out of the Mudropper and surged into a Sumatra Gold piece, causing it to hover in the air.

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey!

The Sumatra Gold broke down into sand, the particles of which were the finest possible. The sand dust flowed into the object Inala was refining and began its assimilation process.

Slowly, the space within the lungs began to stabilise, as if that was natural, no longer requiring Prana to be maintained, similar to the space in a Storage Lantern.

As the Sumatra Gold fused into the Spirit Container, the object brimmed with a terrifying presence, of Inala, but many times stronger than himself. "Amazing!"

The assimilation process went on for days, at the end of which, an object hovered in the air before Inala, robustly intimidating.

It sported a long grey barrel, the exterior cuboidal. The edges were rounded and resembled ivory in colour. Dense, interlocking patterns of gold traversed the entire barrel, with a greater concentration forming over the handle.

In terms of size, it only spanned a length of twenty centimetres, weighing barely a couple kilograms. Inala grabbed it and seeped his Prana through it, watching it unleash a gale as a torrent of air was sucked inside.

Shockingly, all the air necessary to fill up its ten sets of lungs was completed in a minute. Inala activated his Primary Nature and seeped his Prana into it, sensing a Prana Bomb form at the bottom end of the barrel.

He didn't have to slide in one from the nozzle like in a Sumatra Zinger, 'This is more convenient.'

Inala calmed his excited heart and aimed at the sky, shooting a second later, "Argh!"

Bam!

The recoil was so powerful that his body was sent reeling into the ground, creating a three-metre-wide crater. The Prana Bomb flew with such momentum that a kilometre after its launch, it shattered, causing the fluid within to spill out and vaporise in an instant.

"…" Two minutes later, Inala got out of the crater, having healed himself as he stared at the object, 'My Prana Bomb's shell isn't tough enough to withstand its speed.'

"This is pretty much a canon, so I'll name it the Sumatra Canon."

The blast force was too strong!



Chapter 235 Leaving the Sanrey Plains

The Sumatra Canon was so powerful that even the shell of the tough Prana Bomb shattered after a kilometre of flight. It hadn't even impacted upon a target.

As long as Inala continues to train and progresses in the Body Stage, the toughness of his Prana Bomb will continue to increase. Soon, it would be able to withstand the force of flight and impact the target successfully.

As for the recoil, as long as he strengthens his Secondary Nature while making a shot, he would be able to withstand it.

Sumatra Canon was no different from a powerful canon. He was satisfied with it, for it would serve as his trump card. Moreover, as it had been stabilised using a Sumatra Gold, the space within would maintain itself without issues.

He would only have to seep Prana in it to activate its functions. From now on, it wouldn't need any Lifeforce. The organs, though organic in nature, were no longer living, assimilated by the Sumatra Gold to be maintained in an inorganic state while retaining their functions.

The greatest thing about the Sumatra Canon was the fact that since it was created using Inala's body, he could refine and strengthen it. As his cultivation increases, especially at the Life Stage, with more bodies stacked upon himself, the stronger his Prana.

This would also strengthen his Sumatra Canon, as through his Prana flowing into it, its body would grow stronger to the original's level.

Suppose Inala was at the 4-Life Stage. It means his body's strength, toughness, etc. would be stacked four times. The same effect would be carried onto the Sumatra Canon thanks to the effects of Sumatra Gold.

Thereby, he got himself a weapon that could grow alongside him, staying relevant until the end.

'Unfortunately, I only got three pieces of Sumatra Gold. I would love to get more.' He wondered about the locations where the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles of previous generations hid their stash of Sumatra Gold, intending to find them in the future.

After resting for a while, he began the creation of his second item. The materials used were the five Storage Lanterns he had collected.

With the Mudropper's help, they were fused into a singular entity with the help of a Sumatra Gold, resulting in the creation of the Sumatra Lantern, a One-Storey Storage Lantern spanning a length, breadth, and height of four metres, possessing sixty-four cubic metres in volume.

This was the limit that could be kept stable with one Sumatra Gold. If he had more Sumatra Gold, he could have further increased the space within. But even its current form was tremendously useful, as its volume was equivalent to 64 One-Storey Storage Lanterns.

This would allow him to store all his skulls inside, alongside piles of Parute Fruits, Prana Bombs, and Life Bombs in miniature forms. It was inconvenient to hang many Storage Lanterns on himself, for he would have to keep watch on them to ensure he didn't drop them or lose them in battle.

But with the Sumatra Lantern, he didn't have to worry about that as he would only be carrying one. Appearance-wise, it looked the same as a One-Storey Storage Lantern but had gold tiles laying its roof. The door forming its entrance was also rimmed with gold.

The last of the items created using Sumatra Gold was called the Sumatra Ship. It was a vehicle for Inala to travel around in, created solely out of his body. This was so that as his cultivation improved, its structural strength would also improve.

Moreover, if it ever sustains damage, the repair would be easy, since he would only need to source the materials from his body. Its best function was its ease of ownership. When not in use, Inala could shrink it to its pocket version and carry it on his being, convenient to carry around.

Following that, Inala refined fourteen Sandy-Grey Bombs with the Mudropper's help. They were Prana Bombs filled with large volumes of grey sand.

With a thought from him, the shell would shatter and cause the grey sand within to spill out like a tsunami, drowning the targeted region. Immediately in response, the effects of Sandy-Grey Void would envelop the region, causing it to become dark and dangerous to tread upon.

The effects would only exist for a day, following which the Sandy-Grey Void would lose its power and transform into normal sand. A day's effect was the limit. The Mudropper was unwilling to compromise on this factor, adamant about the effects vanishing after a day.

Since Inala failed to change its mind, he ended up accepting the final product. These fourteen Sandy-Grey Bombs would save his life in dangerous situations, meant to be used exclusively in the off chance he encounters the Boar King and needs to flee.

The Mudropper only needed fourteen Skills from him. And hence, it only created fourteen Sandy-Grey Bombs. Well, since it would continue to live in the Sanrey Plains, Inala could return for another purchase in the future.

The last of the list was an item called the Inhibition Needle, refined by the Mudropper using the bones of the Millinger while ensuring the effects of Inhibition Dome were present in it.

There only existed traces in the bones, but after the Millinger's entire skeleton was refined into a tiny needle, the traces were concentrated enough. The final touch necessary for it was Inala's Mystic Bone Art, following which, the Inhibition Needle was completed.

The creation of one required an entire Millinger's skeleton. Hence, Inala could only make three. But that was enough for his purpose.

He grabbed an Inhibition Needle and pocked his forehead with it, exerting force until it came into contact with his skull. Once he activated his Mystic Bone Art, the Inhibition Needle melted into his Skull, causing a faint layer of Prana to coat his skin.

"Hmm…" He used psychokinesis to control a piece of bone, smiling upon sensing the resultant Prana fluctuation resembling not a Mammoth Clansman, but a Free Human, "This is enough to mingle in the Brimgan Empire."

[You're one terrifying man!]

"Is that so?" Inala chuckled and carefully stored the remaining two Inhibition Needles in a box before placing it in his Sumatra Lantern.

The Inhibition Needle would act as a filter to mask his presence as a Mammoth Clansman, even when he's actively fighting. Since it was created using a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's skeleton, the Inhibition Needle could only be used by a Mammoth Clansman or Empyrean Tusk at the Gold Grade or under.

Well, in other words, everyone he knows in the Mammoth Clan could use them. Even Gannala could use it to act as a Free Human.

"We'll meet in the future, if fate permits." Inala bid farewell to the Mudropper.

[Okay!]

The Mudropper then opened a narrow passage through the Sandy-Grey Void ring, making it easy for Inala to leave the Sanrey Plains.

Before he left, he turned around to face the pouting Empyrean Zinger King, "Remain here to take care of the Quip Tribe. Only by being in their presence could their actions influence your Prana."

"Purrr!" The Empyrean Zinger King took on its miniature form and landed on his head, pulling his hair in protest.

"Alright, alright." Inala had to compromise, "Just stay put for sixteen years. I promise I'll take you back with me after that."

[I'll be waiting, Inala!]

With a slumped back, the Empyrean Zinger King leaped away and landed on the ground, joining the rest of the Empyrean Zingers as they prostrated, chirping to express their farewell.

Accompanied by twenty Empyrean Zinger Commanders that chirped in excitement, Inala set foot on the narrow passage and began to make his way to the exit, 'I have spent too much time here.'

"Now that I have obtained everything I need, it's time to return." He muttered, "Please be patient a bit more, Gannala."

"I'm coming."

Volume 2: Ravaged Tribe—The End!



Chapter 236 An Almost Insane Asaeya

Guna Caves!

A large tunnel network existed in a mountain of earth that protruded a couple of kilometres above the usual ground level of Sumatra Continent. This mountain of earth was flat like a board and seemed to stretch forever. At its longest, it spanned a length of 1000 kilometres.

Even its narrowest region still spanned a breadth of 200 kilometres, being a large landmass littered to the extreme with caves. The tunnels resulting from these caves caused a bludgeoning maze, unable to be mapped through.

Most people and Pranic Beasts stupid enough to enter the Guna Caves would be stuck roaming through the place forever due to the gravity within acting wonky.

Oftentimes, what someone thought was the ground in the Guna Caves might not be parallel to the ground outside. They might be at an incline, a cliff, or even upside down. The individual stuck in the Guna Caves wouldn't be wise enough to know it.

Hence, it was impossible for powerful Pranic Beasts to punch their way out by going vertically upwards.

Currently, at the entrance to one of the caves, part of the Guna Caves sat a bone-house, built like a fortress. A group of Pranic Beast corpses lay around its walls, taken out by friendly fire judging based on the wounds.

The bone walls reached a height of eight metres, surrounding an area of land close to five hundred square metres. There were only four windows, each positioned perpendicularly to one another, only meant to spy upon the Pranic Beasts targeting the house.

The walls of the house were thick, at least a metre. Even the windows were of the same thickness, ensuring they couldn't be broken through by the average Pranic Beast.

The bones to create the house were derived from the skeletons of Pranic Beasts at least in the Advance Iron Grade or higher. When it first appeared, the Pranic Beasts in the vicinity tried to break into it out of curiosity, only to lose their senses upon coming in proximity.

It had been there for months. And by now, any Pranic Beast worth its brain cell stayed out, causing the region to be silent.

Suddenly, the silence was broken by a shrill cry from within, followed by the sounds of multiple objects being thrown around.

"Transform!" Asaeya screeched, her appearance dishevelled, tethering on the edge of insanity, or already insane enough, judging by the fact that she was attacking Gannala with the intent to kill, "Why are you still a human?"

"Become an Empyrean Tusk, now!"

"I won't," Gannala shouted as she swatted away the table that was hurled at her, "Dad has plans for me!"

"Fuck his plans!" Asaeya screeched, "I have been away from my Deity for so long. I don't think I can stay away from my Deity any longer. Aren't you an Empyrean Tusk?"

"Do it! Transform! Take on your actual form! Become a Deity!" She roared and used the sound to steal Gannala's senses. Unfortunately, as the two of them were the only living beings in the vicinity, Asaeya took out her senses too in the process.

"…" Asaeya had launched a full-powered attack and hence robbed each other of all their senses. As a result, the duo fell silent. As they couldn't see, hear, smell, or perceive anything, they remained in their places, still.

Currently, they wouldn't even know if their bodies took a step forward or were standing. Hence, they remained absolutely still, unwilling to make a move.

A few minutes later, all their senses returned once Asaeya was drained of all her Prana. She collapsed to the ground and gasped in exhaustion, not saying anything as she remained sullen.

Gannala still had plenty of Prana to spare, for her growth continued at a staggering pace. Upon noticing that Asaeya had stopped trying to kill her, she heaved a sigh in relief. She didn't move though and remained as still as possible, resembling background decoration.

Twenty minutes later, when she felt the coast was clear, she slowly tiptoed towards Asaeya and stopped right next to her. Her eyes darted from one side to another as she extended her toe and nudged Asaeya's thigh with it, "Are you okay?"

"Don't speak with me," Asaeya grumbled, exhausted, disappointed, and vexed beyond the limit. "I don't want to see you."

Gannala stared at Asaeya, observing the latter's haggard look, having not taken a bath for a few weeks now, covered from head to toe with the blood of a Pranic Beast she had brutally ripped apart with bare hands just recently, "Look, I can understand that your Mammoth Clansman instincts are overwhelming you…"

"Just leave! Fuck off!" Asaeya screamed as she slammed her fists on the floor, causing it to crack, not the floor, but her hand. The pain wasn't even registered in her mind as she slammed her hands on the floor repeatedly, "WHY! WON'T! YOU! DISAPPEAR! IF! YOU! CAN'T! BECOME! A! DEITY?"

"Okay, I'm not staying here. Jeez!" Gannala complained as she rushed out of the house, casually blowing away a Pranic Beast in hiding that sprang upon her. "Shoo!"

She exited the cave and dug her hands into the wall, quickly making her way to the peak of the mountain where she was greeted by a group of Empyrean Zingers, "Yo!"

"Kriek!" The Empyrean Zinger Queen landed before her and let out a chirp.

Gannala touched the Empyrean Zinger Queen with her index finger and spoke, "Asaeya is steadily losing her mind. Inala will be sad if she dies."

"Can you bring her to my herd?" She asked, "I'll point you to their travel direction. With your gliding prowess, you'll be there in a month once I launch you to the sky."

[Asaeya's life and death don't concern me. Only yours does. And I won't do anything that might put your life at risk. I'm staying here to protect you until Inala returns.]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen's words were sharp and curt, emotionlessly explaining her job. Inala was part of Gannala's immune system. Similarly, the Empyrean Zinger Queen was part of Inala's immune system.

Therefore, even though the Empyrean Zinger Queen and Gannala weren't directly connected, they still shared a certain level of connection.

But they had no such connection to Asaeya. She was part of another Empyrean Tusk's immune system. Hence, the Empyrean Zinger Queen had no intention of going out of her job description to help Asaeya. Her job was to ensure Asaeya was alive. That's all.

Whether or not she was sane wasn't part of her work.

"Come on, just a little help." Gannala pleaded, "For Inala's sake. He treasures Asaeya."

[Not to the level he treasures you.]

"No, you're wrong about that." Gannala muttered, dejected, "I'm not his favourite, not even close…"

"WHO?" There was a sudden shout from their house.

"Shit, something seems to have happened!" Gannala turned around alertly and jumped down from the edge. She swung like a monkey around a protruding tree and used the momentum to fly into the cave where their house was situated. 'Someone's here! And they're fighting Asaeya!'

Upon realising that Asaeya had used up all her Prana during their spat before, Gannala kicked the ground with force and broke through the walls, landing in the living room to see a human standing before an unconscious Asaeya, having knocked her out with one blow.

A copious amount of Prana billowed out of him, almost to a scary degree. He seemed to be of the same age as Inala but was many times stronger. Currently, his expression was fierce, like that of a predator.

But once Gannala arrived, his fierce expression vanished like smoke. A moment of clarity later, there was joy as he slumped on the floor, "Thank goodness!"

"You…" Gannala stared at the human in surprise, "Orakha?"

"What are you doing here?"



Chapter 237 Orakha Reveals His Scheme

"You must be the 44th Empyrean Tusk's successor." Orakha muttered in relief as he observed his eyes tearing up subconsciously, "Damn, my instincts as a Mammoth Clansman are raving about now."

"You're…Orakha, right?" Gannala took a second guess, for even though she could feel that the other party was part of her immune system, there was something odd about him. It felt like he could or couldn't be a Mammoth Clansman, all at his sole discretion.

"Did Inala tell you about me?" Orakha let out a bright smile, "Please tell me he didn't reveal anything strange about me."

"I'm not sure," Gannala acted casual as she nonchalantly walked past Orakha and grabbed Asaeya. She carried her to the side and placed her on the ground, feeding her the contents of a vial to aid in her recovery.

All along, Gannala could feel Orakha's eyes on her, trailing her actions. Acting unconcerned, she said, "He did say you were very smart, probably the smartest of his friend circle,"

"But he also said that you're incredibly stupid."

"What the…hey, that's messed up," Orakha complained. His eyes then darted towards Asaeya as he asked, "Is this pretty lady your mother?"

"Is she pretty in your eyes?" Gannala asked back.

'Is she really four years old?' Orakha frowned mentally, feeling that Gannala was way smarter for her age, possessing not a single semblance of innocence and naivety that someone her age ought to have. She was more mature than most adults.

All along, even after seeing that Orakha had attacked Asaeya, she maintained her calm and acted natural while bringing Asaeya to safety and treated her. Her calmness, her collective analysis of the situation, and the confidence above all to act on her beliefs, all were terrifying.

"Yeah, very." Orakha nodded, expressing his interest, "Can you answer my question though? Is she your mother?"

"Well, what do you think?" Gannala answered with a question instead.

"I don't think you're related." Orakha analysed, "None of your features match, from your temperament to your physique. You look like a splitting image of Inala, so maybe your mother's traits weren't strong enough."

"You're right," Gannala patted Asaeya's forehead gently and observed the latter was recovering, still unconscious, "She's not my mother."

"Sweet!" Orakha grinned, "Then, you wouldn't mind if I make her the mother of my child, right?"

"Hold your horses, young man!" Gannala liked an annoyed kid as she approached Orakha, extending her hand for a handshake, "Introductions come first!"

"…" Upon seeing Gannala approach him, Orakha instinctively reacted and leaped behind, latching onto a corner of the ceiling in the living room like a lizard. His breathing was slightly haggard as he stared at her in alarm, "What are you doing?"

"Handshake…?" Gannala tilted her head in confusion, "Isn't that how we do things?"

"I'll pass," Orakha calmed himself and landed on the floor, dusting himself, "I don't believe in handshakes. We can talk from a distance."

"Distance?" Gannala smiled as her eyes formed crescent moons. An instant later, her figure flickered before Orakha, aiming a full-powered punch to his groin.

An energy barrier appeared over Orakha's groin, denting upon the impact. His face turned pale as he was sent flying out of the cave.

The cave was positioned close to the top of the Guna Cave region. Hence at its edge, there was a cliff, spanning a height of five kilometres. Sent flying by her punch, Orakha made an arc and fell through the height of five kilometres.

"Hmm…" Gannala stared at her fists to see that they were bruised, "He's strong."

Her Prana surged to her fist and instantly healed her bruise. She walked to the cave's entrance and peered out, hearing shockwaves from below as something seemed to be making its way up at a rapid speed.

Suddenly, an eerie energy serpent, shadowy in nature, almost a haze flared up and latched onto the wall of the cliff adjacent to the cave. It then reeled as its body shrunk, bringing up the figure of Orakha attached to its tail.

"It's too soon for you to beat up your beloved uncle!" Orakha shouted as he hovered a few metres away from Gannala, his body floating in the air, maintained and tethered by the shadowy serpent trailing out of his body.

"Why don't you start speaking, Orakha?" Gannala's expression turned frosty as she said, "Not a word uttered by you since the start has been the truth."

"Why have you come here?"

"I see, so that's how it is." Orakha nodded as he stared at Gannala, "So, you have already gone through all of Inala's memories."

"That's…" He exhaled softly before suddenly, intense killing intent radiated out of his being, "Annoying!"

"Do you seriously plan to kill your fellow Clansman for a treasure?" Gannala turned nervous upon seeing the extent of Prana radiating from Orakha, 'This guy is strong. His abilities seem complexly mysterious. If only I could touch his body once. I'll be able to figure out all his plans and secrets.'

Even though Gannala had inherited everything from the previous Gannala, she hadn't taken on her official post yet. Meaning, the Mammoth Clansmen part of the 44th Settlement hadn't touched her.

Only when this contact happens would her Prana naturally accept them as part of her immune system. When that happens, they'll innately become subservient to her, with their thoughts influenced for her benefit.

That was why Orakha was unwilling to touch her. Moreover, he didn't wish for Gannala to read his memories, for that would mean Inala would later come to know everything about him.

This was dangerous, since they were rivals gunning for the same set of treasures. If Inala were to know everything about Orakha, then it would be impossible for Orakha to win against Inala.

Based on the information he absorbed from the Transcendent Eater regarding Resha and the reincarnates, he understood that scheming types such as Inala and Virala were his worst opponents.

As long as Orakha loses initiative in terms of information, it would be impossible for him to win against those two.

Currently, in terms of strength, Resha was the strongest among the seven, followed by Orakha. In comparison, both Inala and Virala were damn weak. But in terms of their preparations and success rate in obtaining the Major Treasure of Attribute, they were leading everyone by a large margin.

'The one with the greatest possibility of obtaining the Attribute is either Inala or Virala. Everyone else is too far behind in their preparations.' Orakha knew this fact. Hence, he was unwilling to touch Gannala and reveal all his information.

If Gannala knows, she is bound to reveal it to Inala, her father.

"I have no intention of killing him. After all, he's a necessity in killing the Boar King." Orakha said, "But, I would love it if he's delayed. After all, I don't want him to comfortably plan and develop in the Brimgan Empire and get the Attribute. I know he's aiming for that. Hence,"

"I have to apologise in advance." The shadowy serpent vanished as Orakha's figure dropped down.

"You!" Gannala shouted in alarm as she arrived at the edge and looked out, alarmed upon seeing a horde of Pranic Beasts rushing in her direction. The Pranic Beasts aiming for her weren't just from the wilderness. But even the ones part of the Guna Caves were rushing towards her.

[Gannala! There's a wave!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen's alarmed shout resounded as immediately, the ground tremored. Gannala stomped the ground in anger, "Orakha!"



Chapter 238 Orakha Captures Asaeya

[We need to flee to the top!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen said in a hurry and perched on Gannala's head in her miniature form.

[We can protect you there.]

"No, it's too risky." Gannala shook her head, "A Shifting Ant only needs to create a cave entrance underneath us and we'll fall deep into the Guna Caves. We'll be trapped there forever. That's precisely what Orakha intends us to do."

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Shifting Ant!

One of the three races that lived in the Guna Caves. The Shifting Ants were the reason for the Guna Caves' notorious reputation.

Primary Nature—Drifting Tunnel!

It can cause the earth to shift in such a way it seems as if a tunnel is moving sideways, like a rocking boat. The structure of the tunnel would be maintained while the earth around it would move. And this moment can be in any direction, as thanks to the environment of the Guna Caves where it was impossible to tell the bottom from the top, these shifting tunnels only made it easier to get lost.

The most common method used by the Shifting Ants to hunt prey was pit traps. When an enemy is chasing them, they would shift tunnels, causing a tunnel entrance to open underneath the chasing enemy, causing them to fall through.

The tunnel would stretch a long distance and at the end of which the enemy would splat upon the bottom as meat paste.

Once caught in a pit trap, it was hard to escape, for the tunnel systems acted like rivers, with the gravity within acting as the stream of water, causing the caught target to be sent flying across a maze of tunnels for hours at a stretch, sometime seven days.

Only at the end of that long journey would they reach the endpoint, by then too exhausted to protect themselves, as a result exploding upon impact.

Guna Caves had existed since forever. After countless generations of endless efforts to build a tunnel network, such a dangerous region was created where a careless mistake might even claim a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's life.

If they were to be on the surface and a cave entrance opened underneath them, it would be hard for them to escape, since they couldn't fly. If they miss the short window of opportunity to leap out, they will be trapped in the Guna Caves forever.

And during a battle, it would be hard to maintain a perfectly advantageous position. Hence, Gannala refused to head to the surface where over five thousand Empyrean Zingers awaited to offer assistance.

At least in their current location, even if she were to come across a trap set by a Shifting Ant, Gannala could unleash a punch radially that would destroy her immediate surroundings. This way, she would open a path to the cliff and be able to escape.

With this initiative, she could ensure to not be trapped within the Guna Caves and instead use the terrain's nature to trap and avoid most of the approaching Pranic Beasts.

Gannala couldn't understand how Orakha was able to draw in such a large crowd of Pranic Beasts towards her, but since the battle was unavoidable, she decided to fight.

Fleeing wasn't an option, for doing so would cause them to miss Inala. They were currently staying at the position he had specified. If they were to run away, with Orakha on the prowl, it would be impossible for their reunion to happen.

Inala would end up wasting many years searching for the duo and hence end up sabotaging his plan for the Major Treasure of Attribute, 'Dad is desperately wishing to obtain it. I can't pull him down.'

Gannala patted Asaeya on the cheek, forcefully waking her up, "The situation's bad! Get up!"

"Wha…why are you here?" Asaeya groggily got up and stared at Gannala. A moment later, her eyes widened, "Where did that bastard go?"

"I'll kill him!"

"Forget him, he has escaped." Gannala propped Asaeya up, "He has lured a group of Pranic Beasts towards us. We need to stop them first."

"Hahahahaha!" Asaeya laughed, "Finally! Something to kill!"

She got up in a hurry and rushed towards the cave's entrance in excitement, her eyes widening as she stared at the sight of thousands of Pranic Beasts rushing towards her. Inhaling a deep breath, she infused Prana into her throat and unleashed a roar, "Come!"

"Get obliterated!"

Her voice boomed radially outwards, causing the shockwaves to slam into hundreds of Pranic Beasts. The shockwaves were so weak that barely the hair on their fur flinched once. That was it. But the shockwaves were merely a medium to transmit her power.

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Of course, if only this was activated, Asaeya would only be able to steal the senses of one Pranic Beast in response to taking out her senses too. Moreover, it would only be maintained until her Prana reserves lasted. After that, the Pranic Beast would regain its senses.

But that was only in the case of a Death Knell's ability. What Asaeya possessed was the Grim Knell's power. As a result, one of the Praic Beasts rushing towards Gannala suddenly felt its Prana being drained quickly as it lost all its senses. In response, the Pranic Beast to its right lost its senses.

In this manner, half the approaching Pranic Beasts had their Prana drained rapidly, using it as a medium to steal the senses of the other half. And in response to that action, a result of Linked Rupture, their senses too were lost.

Secondary Nature—Akashic Transfer!

Asaeya had zero combat capability as both her abilities weren't offensive in nature. But in terms of crowd control, she was unrivalled. Only Life Stage cultivators could endure her ability by rapidly switching up their bodies right as their senses get robbed.

"Holy shit! So that's why you put her as your daughter's guardian." Standing far away and observing the situation at play, Orakha expressed his shock, "She has the Grim Knell's power. That means,"

He frowned, "Swarm tactics wouldn't work against them."

"Then," His eyes darted to the side as he observed the terrain in detail, "I need to personally take action."

He closed his eyes, sensing something he had hidden in the bone house when he entered it before, "I should be careful to avoid killing her. The last I want is to have a deathmatch with Inala."

"Then," His Prana drained sharply as suddenly, a shadowy serpent slithered out of the bone house and rushed towards Asaeya, "Let's rumble!"

"Watch out!" Gannala shouted in alarm upon sensing the clump of Prana—the shadowy serpent—rushing towards Asaeya. She strengthened her arm and punched the shadowy serpent, intending to destroy it.

The shadowy serpent tanked her attack head-on as its upper half was destroyed. But a smaller serpent branched out from its tail and swiftly slithered to a distracted Asaeya that wasn't sane enough to react and instead focused on making the Pranic Beasts' life a living hell.

"Kya!" Asaeya dropped to the ground in shock when the shadowy serpent passed through her body, stealing all her Prana. Its tail coiled around her body and catapulted her outside with tremendous force.

"Asaeya!" Gannala realised that she had been fooled and turned around to leap toward Asaeya's rescue. But in response, the pummelled shadowy serpent before her collapsed and reformed into a tinier serpent that coiled around her leg, preventing her from leaping.

"Leave!" She kicked with force and ripped the shadowy serpent to shreds until it disintegrated. But as she turned around, Asaeya was no more.

Anger seethed in her as Gannala roared, "Bring her back!"

Hundreds of Empyrean Zingers launched themselves from the cliff in response to her roar and chased after the fleeing figure of Orakha.

Things became chaotic immediately after!



Chapter 239 Asaeya Goes Missing

There was a horde of Pranic Beasts lying on the ground, their senses stolen by Asaeya. Running amidst them, with his shadowy serpent coiled around Asaeya was Orakha.

The shadowy serpent had the capability of consuming all types of resources as dictated by him, one of the most important powers of his arsenal, the reason behind his rapid growth in strength.

Tertiary Nature—Mystic Eater!

The shadowy serpent was the manifestation of his Tertiary Nature of Mystic Eater, versatile in function. It didn't just allow him to consume resources to build his Human Avatar, but it also came in clutch for a variety of activities done daily.

It was also through its help that Orakha managed to climb up the steep cliff and survive the fall from the cave without sustaining any injuries. Capable of expanding and contracting while sporting a decent tensile strength, it was a versatile energy serpent.

Currently, the Mystic Eater had coiled itself around Asaeya, having consumed all her Prana, carrying her while keeping her bound. This allowed Orakha to focus on fleeing.

'Are they waking up?' He thought in worry upon seeing the bodies of the Pranic Beasts wriggle in response as the effects of Linked Rupture waned.

"Grrr!" A feline Silver Grade Pranic Beast woke up first, since the one connected to it through Linked Rupture was merely an Iron Grade Pranic Beast. Hence, its Prana was quickly depleted. Once that happened, the feline Silver Grade Pranic Beast got up, retaining most of its Prana.

Upon seeing Orakha passing right by its side, it growled and leapt at him, intending to attack him. In response, Orakha seeped Prana into the ground through the soles of his feet. Pitch black pools of liquid formed and jutting out of each were shadowy serpents.

There were four of them in total, activated as Orakha evaded the feline Silver Grade Pranic Beast's lunge. As he dodged to the side, the four shadowy serpents coiled around the Pranic Beast, treating its bones as a resource to gorge on them.

The reason he targeted the bones with priority was because that aspect of resource collection with the Mystic Eater was most reinforced due to his Mystic Bone Art. As a result, it was the most efficient to collect a target's bones in the name of resource.

The Silver Grade Pranic Beast activated its Primary Nature, shredding the shadowy serpents with some effort. It sustained some injuries, but none were severe. But by the time it had broken free, Orakha had fled far away, out of its sight.

As he continued to rush through a massive forest, a Prana Bomb suddenly slammed into the ground beside him with enough force it shattered through an eighty-metre-tall tree.

'Damn!' He was stunned by the force behind the impact, coming to a rather scary conclusion, 'Do all his Zingers have Internal Inertial Gravity?'

He turned around to stare at the sky, watching the Empyrean Zingers fly towards him in wave patterns by constantly reducing and increasing their density to accelerate, the most optimal method of gliding figured out by them to make the utmost use of their abilities and travel the farthest distance by a single flight.

Once they were in range, they rained Prana Bombs on him, delicately controlling them through psychokinesis to avoid harming Asaeya.

As they were gliding in the air, they were obviously faster than Orakha. It was just a matter of time before they caught up.

Upon knowing this, Orakha changed his plans and made a beeline to the Guna Caves. "Yeet!"

His Mystic Eater lashed out like a whip and threw Asaeya into one of the caves. It then consumed some of the resources part of the cave walls and caused them to collapse, hence sealing the entrance.

"Try your best to find her." Saying so, Orakha caused pitch-black puddles to form all over the ground as he rushed forth. Immediately in response, dozens of Mystic Eaters jutted out like worms and targeted the Empyrean Zingers, blocking them momentarily.

Using the chance, Orakha dug a hole and retreated into the ground, expertly quick in the process.

"Krieek!"

"Keek!"

"Kuak!"

The Empyrean Zingers unleashed a volley of cries as they landed at the sealed cave entrance, beginning to dig through it. But when they drilled through the collapse, all they found were two blinded Shifting Ants squirming around in a fluster.

As for Asaeya? She had vanished. The culprit was a cave entrance on the floor. Upon seeing that, a group of Empyrean Zingers assumed miniature forms and dived in without hesitation, constantly keeping the rest informed with their high-pitched screeches.

Gannala arrived at the location a couple of minutes later, carried by the Empyrean Zinger Queen, "Oh, shit!"

"Is there any news of Asaeya?" She asked and touched an Empyrean Zinger nearby.

[Not yet! The tunnel is one of the long ones. We're forming a line of communication as we descend down. We'll find Asaeya soon.]

Gannala felt irritated by the reply. She fought Asaeya all the time, but honestly speaking, she could understand where the latter came from. Hence, despite Asaeya trying to kill her multiple times, Gannala harboured no ill intent against her. After all, try her best, but Asaeya didn't have the means to kill even the current Gannala.

Besides, Asaeya was Inala's valuable disciple. She had seen his memories to know how much effort he had put into raising her into the strong cultivator she is today. Hence, nothing unfortunate should happen to her, "I'll go…"

[No!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen shouted. In response, a group of Empyrean Zingers covered up the hole, preventing Gannala from entering it. "Don't block me!"

[No!]

[You stay! Safe!]

[Top priority!]

Upon seeing Gannala getting angry, looking like she was about to break in using her strength, the Empyrean Zinger Queen fluttered its wings and prostrated before Gannala, in submission.

[If you want to head inside, kill me. Only then will I allow your life to be put at risk!]

The Empyrean Zinger Queen was adamant, unwilling to place Gannala at risk. At present, Gannala's strength trumped everyone.

Even though the Empyrean Zinger Queen possessed Internal Inertial Gravity, her control over it vastly paled in comparison to an Empyrean Tusk who was born with the perfect physique to wield it.

Gannala already had formed five biomes in her body, storing a vast amount of resources in each. All she had to do to attack would be to exert her actual weight and the entire region would collapse.

Hence, the only method the Empyrean Zinger Queen could use to hold back Gannala was by pitting its own life at her mercy. And it worked.

'Dad created her using the Boar King's Lifeforce. She's special and will stand head and shoulders above all Empyrean Zinger Queens he will create in the future. I can't kill her.' As a result, Gannala was conflicted.

Her conflicted state caused her to hesitate, all while Asaeya's whereabouts were unknown. 'Dad! I need you back!'



Chapter 240 Delay Inala to the Limit

Stretching endlessly in the Guna Caves was a tunnel, with the majority of its route horizontal in nature, when viewed from the sky. But for the person within, it seemed like a long, vertical fall, down, and down, and down they go.

An unconscious figure of Asaeya was currently falling through the tunnel, her body mildly spinning in place. Peeking through holes in the tunnel walls were Shifting Ants, observing her falling figure.

Upon noticing her defenceless state, they judged it wasn't necessary to wait until she splattered at the end of the tunnel. She could be killed right away.

With that thought in mind, a group of Shifting Ants leapt out of the holes and began to fall through the tunnel. They angled their bodies during the fall, taking advantage of their aerodynamic proportions and accelerated towards Asaeya, soon approaching within arm's reach of her.

A Shifting Ant flashed its mandibles, intending to clamp apart Asaeya's neck. But there was a sudden shadowy flash, following which the Shifting Ant screeched in pain. Blood jutted out of its carapace as its Spirit Container had been stolen.

Revolving around Asaeya, with its tail tied to her hip was a Mystic Eater, acting as her protector. Unlike the ones used on her before, this Mystic Eater was strong, created using at least a few hundred Prana.

Hence, it was powerful enough to kill a Shifting Ant in one blow. With its Spirit Container forcefully consumed, the Shifting Ant's heart exploded, resulting in its death.

By activating Mystic Bone Art, the Mystic Eater digested the Spirit Container and generated enough Prana to maintain its body. This way, it could keep fighting, beginning to deal with the Shifting Ants that approached Asaeya.

Orakha had a very simple goal in approaching Gannala and Asaeya. By trapping them in the Guna Caves, he would force Inala to focus on saving them.

As a result, Inala would spend valuable time and resources to keep Gannala and Asaeya safe. And the longer he spent here implied the shorter the duration he would have at the Brimgan Empire. That worked in Orakha's favour.

Before he left the Mammoth Clan, he observed the status of all his competitors. Resha was currently treated with the utmost respect in the Mammoth Clan, for he was the sole individual titled the Empyrean Tusk King by the Boar King.

Hence, they were nurturing him with all their might, allowing his strength to bloom by leaps and bounds. Of course, it wasn't as if they were doing this unanimously. They had other intentions too.

And the topmost intention of that was to wed their daughters to him. Currently, Resha was the Mammoth Clansman with the greatest prospects. And the fact that he had succeeded in injuring the terrifying Boar King spoke volumes of his strength.

He was someone who would stand at the very peak of Sumatra Continent in the near future. Therefore, every single Mammoth Clan master with a talented daughter tried their best to match their daughter to Resha.

It was a mess, especially since after the merger, the strength of the Mammoth Clan had risen to a whole new level. With the number of Empyrean Tusks reaching 102, they began to release a formless pressure on their surroundings, incapacitating most Pranic Beasts.

As a result, the Mammoth Clan had an easier time gathering precious resources, including eggs of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. Due to that, the Academy of Refinement graduates for the past three years were significantly stronger than in the past batches.

And in the centre of all such changes was Resha, who took the helm in guiding their growth. His status spiked to its zenith when Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief, the sole cultivator with the strength of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast took in Resha as his disciple.

Because of all these changes, Resha currently had his hands full navigating through the political sphere, caught up in its centre. As a result, he didn't have the time to actively prepare for ownership of the Major Treasure of Attribute.

Yennda was still at the peak of the Spirit Stage and hadn't displayed any development yet. The Mammoth Clan used him as an experimental piece, sending him first into every danger they encountered.

Yennda continued to die at least once a week. His life was pitiful, and he had no option but to remain subservient to the higher-ups.

Blola wasn't any better, used as a revival device for Yennda. After he gained the power of a Transcendent Eater, Blola was busy with his mental battle. He was trying his best to not succumb to the Transcendent Eater's will. Hence, he didn't have the means to prepare for the Attribute.

Grehha was busy nurturing baby Harrala who hadn't hatched from the Empyrean Incubator yet. Therefore, he couldn't do anything else.

Blola, Grehha, Resha, and Yennda currently didn't have the means to contest for the Attribute. That left Inala, Virala, and Orakha.

Based on what he gained from the memories stored in the Transcendent Eater, Orakha realised that the plans of both Inala and Virala ran deep, especially since their progression paths were accumulative in nature.

It meant that the longer the time they were given to develop, the more robust their plans, schemes, and foundation got.

Orakha made some preparations in the background and ensured the hatred behind Resha and Virala deepened. Moreover, he made Grehha, Blola, and Yennda develop feelings of envy towards Virala.

After all, Virala was the sole reincarnate who was comfortably developing and was the only one who had safely and securely managed to realise all his plans.

Orakha made it seem that with the current rate of development, Virala would gain possession of the remaining four Major Treasures. As a result, the reincarnates were trying their best to hinder Virala.

Thanks to their chaotic schemes, Virala's development had slowed down a bit. Therefore, the only other threat Orakha had to majorly guard against was Inala.

Since Inala was away from the Mammoth Clan, Orakha had to personally take on the job of disrupting Inala's growth. Of course, he was aware of their end goal, which was to grow strong enough to kill the Boar King.

That meant the hatred between them shouldn't cross a certain level where all logic flies out the window and they'll treat each other as an enemy that must be vanquished, barring no cost.

Hence, even though he intended to use Gannala and Asaeya to delay Inala's plans, he didn't want them to die as a result of his actions. Hence, it led to the current result where the Mystic Eater actively protected Asaeya.

It had two tasks. The first was to ensure Asaeya remained helpless but safe. The Second was to carry her and remain on the run to ensure Inala's Zingers wouldn't be able to save her. And by the time they reach her, they would be stuck deep within Guna Caves, as a result requiring ample time to make their way out.

Ideally, this process would transpire for a few years. By then, Orakha would have created a solid foundation in the Brimgan Empire.

'And to increase my success rate and delay Inala to the limit, I need to create two targets of worry for him.' Thinking as such, Orakha gathered Prana to his eyes, activating his Human Avatar on the organ alone and observed Gannala's figure from far away, 'I need to trap her in the Guna Caves too.'

After some thought, he began to move once again.



