Chapter 181 Battle of the Mind

Battalda was a 120-year-old cultivator at the 3-Life Stage, reaching the latter half of his lifespan. He had dedicated his life to gathering intelligence for Ellora City. Since young, he had looked into the minds of Slump Lizards, various Ravaged Tribesmen that had been captured, and dissidents of the city.

The mineral his Human Avatar was made from was called Brahasp and was very valuable. It was equivalent to Beginner Silver Grade, but in terms of rarity, it exceeded even Haddlyok, the mineral used by the Ganrimb Kingdom Royalty to forge their Human Avatars.

It was available only in discrete amounts and had to be mined judiciously. Hence, the number of cultivators part of the Intelligence Team barely numbered five, with the cultivation of everyone at the peak of the Body Stage.

Only he, the head of the Intelligence Team, holding the title of Intelligence Officer received enough Brahasp to reach the 3-Life Stage. And at his Lord, Hanya's orders, he entered Inala's cell. He was accompanied by two of his Intelligence Team members.

"Anything I need to know beforehand, My Lady?" Battalda asked Hanya as he stared at the crushed limbs of Inala.

"He's an Empyrean Tusk." Hanya said, "You need to extract all information from his mind within two years. It's fine even if his mind breaks, but his body shouldn't be harmed. We need him to birth more of his kind. But first, we'll wait for your information."

There were differences in mating strategies for every race. And if not done correctly, a progeny wouldn't be birthed. Besides, Hanya didn't even know if a human woman could bear Inala's child. Hence, it was best to wait until Battalda got the required information.

They could always make the decision accordingly.

"I got it," Battalda nodded and calmly took position behind Inala's head while his subordinates positioned themselves on either side of Inala's legs.

"This will hurt," He spoke to Inala and activated his Human Avatar, transforming his body into a glass-like humanoid, sporting his previous stature. Faint rings of information churned through his body, accumulating Prana as they condensed in his hands.

Battalda placed his hands on Inala's temples and asked, "How old are you?"

In response to his question, a ring in his hand seeped into Inala's head, causing the latter to grunt in pain once. A couple of seconds later, the ring returned to its original position in his hand.

Battalda opened his mouth and uttered, "Seventeen years old."

The moment he talked, the respective ring in his hand shattered, dissolving into his body. He expended one Prana to extract that information.

One of the Intelligence Team members took out a crystal and coded the information into it. This crystal was the Bone Slip equivalent for their cultivation technique.

The Mammoth Clan only used the Bone Slip for information exchange as the only cultivation technique they practiced was the Mystic Bone Art.

But in the Ganrimb Kingdom where people practiced dozens of cultivation techniques, the devices used to store information varied accordingly, too numerous. As a result, information exchange took time, done so through cultivators practicing the same cultivation technique.

If a third party wished to access that information, the respective device would have to be taken to an institution where the cultivator practicing the same cultivation technique could access it and manually record it into a book.

Following that, another cultivator would access the information in the book and encode it into a different device—which could be accessed by the third-party cultivator.

Every single time someone wanted that piece of information, a cultivator in that institution practicing the same cultivation technique would have to manually inscribe the book's contents into a Bone Slip equivalent for that cultivator.

As a result, information exchange took a lot of time in Ganrimb Kingdom. It was the same for the Intelligence Team too.

At present, they were recording all information in their Bone Slip equivalent, since that was instantaneous. After this, they would have to manually print the information on a book and store it in their database for public access.

By public, it was limited to the Royalty and people of power who gained permission from the Royalty.

Battalda stared at Hanya, "Is there any information I need to prioritise?"

"Find out what he knows about the changes in the Angan River," Hanya said.

"Okay," Nodding as such, Battalda seeped another ring into Inala's head, asking the latter, "What do you know about the changes in Angan River?"

His power worked by sending an energy packet into the target's mind. Following that, he would ask a question. Even if the target was unwilling to answer, his brain would think up an answer automatically, since thinking was what the brain did.

This energy packet captured all the thoughts generated by the brain in response to the question. Of course, there would be a lot of accompanying noise, since no human would have a streamlined thought process. There would be information jumbles, parallel thought processes, etc.

Battalda had gone through extensive training to filter out most of the noise and capture only the essence of the information he wanted. Experience played a crucial part in his abilities. As a result, the older someone was in the Information Team, the greater they were valued. And Battalda was valued across the entire Ganrimb Kingdom.

But now, that same person was experiencing a state of puzzlement. The energy packet he sent to Inala's head was destroyed for some reason. Even the Prana infused in the energy packet was absorbed by something, confusing him.

'That hurt, but it's good since I can understand its mechanism.' Inala thought, 'I want more experience regarding this, but not at the cost of leaking sensitive information that might fuck me up.'

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

This was the Skill he got from Granny Oyo as a bribe in advance of what she did later in the night. Forgetting that incident, the Skill of Prana Domination allowed Inala to exercise sovereign control over his Prana.

Prana was an energy created through the fusion of energies from the Body, Mind, and Soul. Therefore, Prana Domination allowed Inala to have complete control over his Prana, and in extension, his body, mind, and soul. No third party would be able to go against that, unless they knew the Skill and were vastly stronger than him.

Offensively, Prana Domination Skill could only be used on Mammoth Clansmen. When used, he could make the target's skeleton into his Spirit Weapon and also influence their Spirit Container.

Defensively, it prevented others from influencing his body, Prana, Spirit Container, etc.

The moment he used it, Inala realised that Battalda didn't have enough power to overcome the defences of his Prana Domination Skill. Upon arriving at the conclusion, he grinned, 'Now, I need to evolve this Skill to be effective on targets other than Mammoth Clansmen.'

Prana steadily surged through his body as Inala controlled his mental defences, only allowing Battalda to get what he wanted the latter to receive. As Battalda continued to obtain useless pieces of information from him, Inala recorded the process happening in his head, activating another ability.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator.



Chapter 182 Centinger Mating Season

"He has strong mental defences," Battalda muttered as he wiped his sweat, "The more valuable the information, the stronger it's guarded. It'll take me a while to obtain anything of importance."

"Well, it's only natural since he's an Empyrean Tusk. They wouldn't be a Gold Grade Pranic Beast if it was easy." Hanya said and placed a group of guards to protect Battalda, "I'll ask for more experts from the Capital's Intelligence Team."

"That will be helpful," Battalda nodded, "We'll be able to obtain information at a faster rate if my master were to come here."

"I'll ask the King about that." Hanya said, "I can't give any guarantees due to how sensitive of a time period this week is."

After the short exchange of dialogues, Battalda resumed his work while Hanya returned to her residence to rest.

After two hours, Battalda sighed and motioned at one of his subordinates, "You take charge now."

"Yes," The Intelligence Team member nodded and activated his Human Avatar, seeping an energy packet into Inala's head, "What's your relationship with the two Mammoth Clansmen that lived with you."

As expected, he received no information. The energy packet was consumed in Inala's head. The Intelligence Team member continued asking questions of varying difficulty. But in the end, he was unable to obtain even the simplest of information—like Inala's name.

"His mind's defences are too strong for me to breach." The team member sighed and returned to recording duty, leaving Battalda the only one with the capacity to extract anything worth of substance from Inala.

Of course, that wasn't the case actually. Inala was simply manipulating his mental defences through the Prana Domination Skill to make it seem as such.

This way, he only needed to guard against Battalda. That meant whenever Battalda rested, the others from the Intelligence Team wouldn't bother him, allowing him to catch a breather too.

It would be hard to protect himself if he were to fall asleep. Hence, by absorbing small portions of fluid from a Life Bomb, Inala was forcefully keeping himself awake. He was confident in being able to remain awake for a week.

Of course, he would have to pay the price later. But that wasn't an issue. His body was currently reeling from the side effects of using the Prana Blood Skill. So, he was taking time to mend the damage and gradually heal himself while ensuring to mask himself as still being injured.

Having used Mystic Skill Creator so many times, Inala was familiar with the process. This time, he was using the Prana Domination Skill and the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill as the base, allowing the gathered experience to simply modify them according to his desire.

Therefore, he could feel the rate at which it was being accomplished, 'One week is more than enough time.'

The stronger Battalda's efforts were, the greater the fuel for Inala's progress, causing him to be giddy internally, 'Come! Work harder!'

He was internally cheering for Battalda. If the latter were to ever realise this, he would bang his head on the wall and commit suicide. The worst thing for an Intelligence Officer was to lose a battle of intelligence and not even be aware of it.

The next day, at the City Lord mansion, a crowd had gathered in the meeting room. The meeting room was a mix between a study and a dining room, a unique style.

There was a rectangular table placed in the centre, vacant at the centre. The edges of the table were situated only two metres away from the walls. There were shelves placed at equal intervals around the table, each a metre in width, housing shelves filled with various reference materials.

Situated in the gaps were cushioned chairs, numbering forty in total. Currently, thirty-six of them were occupied, consisting everyone of power in Ellora Trade City.

Maharell too occupied a seat as one of the largest merchants in the city. Currently, his expression was a mixture of relief and pain.

He was relieved at the fact that Inala had been removed from the picture. The latter was growing too powerful at a rapid pace. It caused him to be uneasy all along.

He also felt pain because it was through Inala that he was making a large sum of profits. Now, in his absence, the Theatre lacked an owner. Inala's capture was also a hit to its prestige.

And without someone to take the reins as the leader, there was chaos in the Theatre. The various Troupe Leaders fought for the spot but none had the power to actually clinch ownership.

Externally, the big merchants too vied for the Theatre's ownership. As a result, things had become chaotic. The chaos resulted in a lack of interest in the commodity, as at the end of the day, the Theatre was a recreational place meant for entertainment.

It should sell drama but shouldn't become the source of one itself. With that, it lost some confidence among the patrons.

For the first time since it opened, the Theatre experienced a drop in viewership, an alarming cause of concern for the big merchants, for their profits were impacted severely as a result.

Their profits the previous day were only half as usual, and the trend seemed to only continue. Just before arriving at the meeting, Maharell tallied the day's profits, realising that it dipped further.

He intended to stop the chaos, but he couldn't. He wanted to own the Theatre and so did the other big merchants. As a result, they added to the chaos, despite wishing to stop it themselves.

'I hope we figure out a solution by the end of this meeting.' That was Maharell's goal. Hence, he came prepared.

Gudora entered the room and occupied one of the seats, motioning for the rest to remain seated as he began the meeting, "The reason I called everyone is to address the issue with the Crisis that occurs once every century."

"The mating season of the Centingers will begin in five days." He said, causing waves of shock to resound amongst everyone in the meeting room.

"I'm sure you must be shocked, as only half of those in this room have lived long enough to experience the previous Centinger's mating season." Gudora spoke after a few seconds of pause, "But for the rest, let me explain."

"The Centingers are marine creatures that travel through the Red-Draft River. But they remain at the depths and hardly surface. And since the part of the Red-Draft River that passes through our Kingdom, the Angan River is shallower, and filled by slump Lizards, the Centingers typically avoid this region and navigate through a parallel tributary flowing outside our Sandy-Grey Void ring." Gudora said, "But the exception is their mating season, during which they kill every single living being in their sight for game."

"And our Kingdom becomes their largest target."



Chapter 183 The Centinger Game

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Centinger!

It sported a body similar to a frog, but one that was covered by a turtle shell. Dangling from its lower body was a tail resembling a fish's, giving it rapid underwater movement capabilities. Its frog legs allowed it to leap long distances.

When threatened, the Centinger can retract into its hard shell, capable of tanking the strongest of attacks.

The most threatening aspect of it was its head which resembled a centipede's upper body, sporting hundreds of sharp claws that could grate through the toughest of Pranic Beast bodies. This centipede's upper body becomes its primary means of attacking.

The part would dangle like a whip sword to sever its target, act like a snake to coil around its prey and crush it into pulp, and worst of all, despite behaving like the head, it wasn't one.

The brain didn't exist in the head. Even the pair of eyes on it were simply visual nerve endings that extended from the actual pair of eyes situated deep inside the body, hidden by the turtle shell. The brain too existed in the body, protected by the shell.

Therefore, when the centipede upper half is destroyed, the Centinger simply casts out the part, and like a lizard growing its tail, it regrows another centipede upper body.

Through the traits it was born with, the Centinger could become a natural menace of the marine world, sporting terrifying combat capability. But contrastingly, Centingers were herbivores.

All they feasted upon were marine plant life and shells of crustacean-type Pranic Beasts. They were docile creatures that never harmed another life, unless one of their own was attacked.

But that all changes during their mating season which approaches once a century. The mating culture of the Centingers was strict and special. Only one male that was designated as the leader would mate with all the females.

The remaining males would only have to cry in a corner, for they wouldn't be allowed to pass on their genes. As a result, their docile nature vanishes during the mating season.

In the quest to become the leader, the Centingers host a competition, which is pretty simple in essence: Hunt the greatest threat.

The one that kills the greatest number of threats would be crowned their leader and would get the opportunity to mate with all the females. Hence, all Centingers would enter a state of frenzy and kill every living thing they chance upon.

This was why the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts tried their best to erase all traces of their existence and go into hiding. Because, when discovered, they became perfect prey for the Centingers to prove themselves.

Death was guaranteed.

Every single Centinger was strong. Its base form alone was powerful, capable of killing weak Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. But add onto its ability, and it suddenly became an entity that was akin to a disaster.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

The hundreds of sharp claws on its centipede upper half became artilleries that rained down hell upon the target region, decimating it akin to a hail of meteor strikes. Worst of all, they were corrosive in nature.

Upon coming into contact with an artillery, the target's bones would melt, as indicated by the Primary Nature's name. The power within the artillery was selectively permeable, capable of seeping through all objects to act upon only the intended target.

For a living being, the target was typically the bones. Of course, a Centinger's attack could melt through other surfaces too, albeit with a lowered efficiency, but it didn't bother with that.

Melting one's skeletal structure rendered the creature dead. But as the power behind the artillery didn't affect anything else, the target creature's body remained intact, at least like a sack of flesh.

This was because the Centingers would tally their game. Since only the bones melted, the target body would still contain some Prana, which was enough to indicate the level of strength it held.

Through this, the female Centingers would calculate—like a game—how much the male Centingers had killed and score them accordingly. The top scorer would become their leader.

Before their game started, they would drain the Red-Draft River into an underground channel, creating a large playground for their hunt. They had rules to follow, one of which was the area limit.

Only a certain distance from the river was considered part of the hunting grounds. Of course, this stretched for more than three hundred kilometres. So, it wasn't a concern for the Centingers.

For them, the fastest way to score a lot would be to attack populated regions among Pranic Beast territories. One such target area was the Ganrimb Kingdom which had grown strong.

"But usually," Duvara sighed, "Less than twenty Centingers come here. They are within what we can handle while minimising our losses. But this time, based on the rapid rate at which the river is being drained, more Centingers will be coming here."

It was unknown how many Centingers existed in Sumatra Continent, since they lived throughout the Red-Draft River that coursed through at least a quarter of the continent.

They lived among colonises, travelling in whatever route they pleased. Of course, as the Angan River—the part of the Red-Draft River flowing through the region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring—was shallower, not many Centingers approached the place.

And those that did so came from weaker colonies. Unfortunately for the Ganrimb Kingdom, the ones attracted toward it this time were from a stronger colony. It was merely a twist of fate, their bad luck.

"We can't merely classify it as fate," Duvara said, "There might be other reasons that resulted in a stronger colony being drawn towards our Kingdom. We're still investigating that. But at the end of the day, this threat is upon us."

He observed the ashen faces of everyone in the meeting room, "And I want everyone here to come up with plans to protect our city. In two days, I'll be passing out an order for our affiliated towns and villages to seek refuge here. I need ideas on plans following that."

"I'll open my warehouse for the soldiers to be equipped." Maharell was the first to step up, "Weapons, medicines, and even Elixirs, everything in my possession is up for grabs. Not for free though."

He continued, "I'll be making a list of their purchase and the soldiers will have to focus on repaying the amount after this Crisis. Of course, it'll be interest-free. And if any soldier were to die, I won't hold their families accountable."

"As the largest merchant in Ellora City, I should do at least this much." He concluded. It was apparent that many soldiers would die. It meant the losses he suffered would be disastrous. But he was a merchant.

His actions would earn him the respect of the people. Meaning, as long as the city's economy recovers in the future, they'll purchase his wares with priority, since during times of disaster, he handed out all his goods with the best interests of the people in mind.

For the short term, he'll be facing a massive loss. But in the long run, his prestige as a merchant company would only increase in the populace, cementing his prestige. And through the good faith he received, he could casually take over the Theatre business and no one would question him.

Rather, since he was trusted by the people, everyone would feel that he would manage the Theatre well. Moreover, the people were his customers. Having as many of them survive would eventually add to his wealth.

For Maharell, that was the best outcome.



Chapter 184 Uno Reverse

"Thank you, Maharell." Duvara stated in praise, "You truly bear the demeanour as the leader of the merchant group."

Until now, no one could be called the leader of the merchants. But as the Crisis this time was truly dangerous, Duvara let out such a statement, recognising Maharell's contribution to the city.

This forced the rest of the merchants to come forth with their wealth in a bid to not lose to Maharell. It was Politics 101. Everyone knew it but they had no other choice but to participate, as avoiding to do so would implicate their growth and status in Ellora Trade City.

"Now, let's come up with a defensive plan." Duvara continued the meeting as everyone proposed various manoeuvres to protect the city the best.

At the same time, the soldiers of Ellora City were patrolling the streets in a hurry, unleashing waves of Prana everywhere.

"There's one here!" One of them shouted and hurled his spear into a terrace decor that was shaped to resemble a Pranic Beast mouth. The spear slammed into it and broke it, causing a tiny creature from within to fly out and flash around.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger Scout!

It was one of the scouts Inala had dispersed throughout the city. After Duvara fought him and observed the miniature forms displayed by the Empyrean Zingers, he commanded the city's soldiers to sweep through the place and find every single Empyrean Zinger that was still in hiding.

And as he had expected, there were still many lying around, hidden amidst the smallest of creases, discretely watching every move made by the citizens.

"Kill it!" The soldiers shouted upon detecting the Empyrean Zinger, intending to destroy it. But against their wishes, the tiny cretin was fast, capable of using its Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to vary its body weight and glide around while making sharp turns in the air to avoid every single attack.

Like a leech, it leaped from one building terrace to another, unfurling its wings to cover a large distance in the air. When speed was necessary, it jumped to a high enough altitude, increased its weight to the maximum, and dove down at tremendous speeds, breaking the sound barrier.

Just the resultant sonic booms threw off the soldiers, creating chaos. Once the Empyrean Zinger came close to the ground, it reduced its body weight to the minimum most, using the momentum to curve its body upward and generate lift once again.

Its flight path resembled a Damped Harmonic Motion wave, allowing it to remain in flight for extended durations.

More than thirty Empyrean Zinger Scouts were currently in Ellora City, causing chaos throughout the place as they all fled from one region of the city to another. They intended to do so for the next week until it was time to alert Inala.

"Kieek!"

"Chirp!"

"Kuaaak!" From time to time, they unleashed short cries that reverberated long distances. And whenever this cry originated closer to the City Lord estate, Inala could hear it, able to know everything that had transpired.

This meant that even while imprisoned, Inala was able to keep up with everything that was happening in the city.

'The water level in the river is dropping down even faster.' His eyes shot open as he stared at Battalda and unleashed a sharp cry in pain, 'Fuck! The pain's gotten worse!'

As he slowly healed his limbs, the pain receptors in the region became active once again, causing him to experience unimaginable pain, as a result weakening his mental defences.

Inala was using more energy than before to ensure he didn't leak anything that would come back to bite his ass later.

By the fourth day in the cell, he was exhausted to the limit, having not had a wink of sleep all along, subsisting solely through the Lifeforce in a Life Bomb. He was reaching the limit of endurance, feeling it hard to guard against Battalda's mental attacks.

Upon observing his increasing rate of success, Battalda worked harder, gradually able to obtain greater pieces of information. On the sixth day, he finally broke through, obtaining an answer when he asked, "What do you know about the changes in the Angan River?"

The energy packet he sent into Inala's mind returned with valuable information, consuming more than ten Prana in response. But the moment he absorbed the information, Battalda trembled in fear as his face paled in response, "T-T-The Millinger Catastrophe?"

"It reached this point, huh?" Suddenly, Inala spoke. The moment he flexed his jaw, the gag snapped, allowing him to speak.

Stage 1—Jaw!

His jaws transformed into an Empyrean Zinger's as Inala opened them wide, causing three Empyrean Zingers to fly out and target the three Information Team members.

A Prana Bomb slammed into their jaws and accurately knocked them unconscious.

One of the Empyrean Zingers expanded in size. It condensed a Prana Bomb and controlled it like a Spirit Weapon, making it revolve rapidly as it slammed into the sludgy dome Hanya had erected, consuming the latter in a matter of seconds.

Once the Prana within it was consumed, the sludge vanished. Following that, the Empyrean Zinger casually yanked out the nails that hammered Inala's limbs to the floor.

"I feel free now." Inala got up as Lifeforce surged through his limbs, healing them rapidly. And the moment he activated his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, his mashed-up limbs ballooned to their original size, keeping them structurally propped up.

The Lifeforce then surged through them and mended the damages. Since the broken bones were arranged in the corrected order by Internal Inertial Gravity, all this Lifeforce had to do was mesh the pieces into a singular whole.

As a result, his recovery time shortened drastically.

While his limbs were healing, Inala stared at the unconscious figure of Battalda, grinning as he touched the latter's forehead, seeping Prana into it, "From today onwards, you're mine."

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

He had evolved it to be effective against all humans. Of course, it was still a ways off before he could apply it to the Pranic Beasts. But that was a large project.

His accumulations were only enough to evolve it to apply to all humans. And in this situation, that was more than enough.

The three Empyrean Zingers returned to the biome in his stomach as Inala continued to lie down on the floor in his initial position. He broke off the nails in half and stuck the head on his limbs to make it seem as if he was still hammered down to the floor.

He waited patiently as his Prana surged in the bodies of Battalda and his two subordinates, gradually permeating his influence on their Bones and Spirit Containers. It took some time before the process ended, allowing him to smirk and casually lie down on the prison floor.

Battalda woke up soon after, trembling in fear upon feeling a foreign imprint on his bones and Spirit Container. He opened his mouth, intending to call for help when he realised he couldn't do so, forcefully kept shut by Inala.

His body too positioned itself behind Inala while his hands touched the latter's forehead, the same position he used to extract information from Inala.

The two Information Team members were also in their original positions, maintained there forcefully by Inala. When a couple of guards passed by on patrol, they observed the situation to be the same as before.

"They are very hardworking. We should learn from their example."

"I can understand why they're so valued. Maybe if we work as much as them, we'll also rise through the ranks." The two guards chatted casually and passed by the prison cell, unaware of what was actually happening.

Hearing their remarks, Inala's smile only widened.



Chapter 185 Empyrean Extraction

Inala forced Battalda to resume his work, continuing to accumulate the experience necessary for the completion of the new Skills he was creating.

In the meantime, the Angan River's water level fully receded into the ground, revealing the river bed that was packed to the brim with Slump Lizards that didn't have anywhere else to flee.

After all, on both ends of the Angan River were enemies. Hence, the moment the Slump Lizards sensed the presence of the Centingers, they bolted from the place, spreading across the entire region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

It was a sign of the incoming Crisis.

Slowly, from one end of the Angan River entered a Pranic Beast that reached a height of sixty metres, resembling a menacing fortress on its own.

The moment it arrived, the sand forming the Angan River's riverbed vibrated due to the rhythmic noises originating from the centipede legs. The centipede upper body alone stretched for a length of sixty metres.

It slithered through the riverbed and made scuttling noises, casually consuming some plant life to satiate its hunger. This Centinger reached maturity and hence possessed 3288 Prana, the maximum of its race.

Capable of living up to 590 years, it was a Pranic Beast with a long lifespan. Originally docile in nature, as it walked on the riverbed and sensed the fleeing Slump Lizards, an animalistic sense of slaughter settled in its mind, causing the centipede legs to make sonorous clattering sounds.

"Screeuuawwaaa!" It unleashed a sharp screech and broke into a sprint. Its centipede upper body flashed around, affecting hundreds of Slump Lizards whose bodies simply dropped on the ground like blobs as their skeletons had melted.

All these Slump Lizards radiated with the distinct signature of its Prana, making it easy to identify the cause. Grinning excitedly, the Centinger rushed deeper into the land, signalling the start of the hunt.

"Screewuaa!"

"Scraaaweweweee!" Centingers one after another rushed into the Angan Riverbed, engaging in their hunt. One…two…ten…twenty…eighty…two hundred sixty.

Two hundred sixty Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beasts marched into the region enclosed by the Sandy-Grey Void ring, an overwhelming amount.

This was merely the number of male Centingers. The Females entered an hour later, casually as their job was only to tally the scores. They numbered close to three hundred, beginning to munch on some shells from the riverbed.

It seemed one of the largest colonies of the Red-Draft River had entered the region this time, signalling the place's doom. But that wasn't the end.

Calmly entering the Angan Riverbed after a while, like royalty, were twelve Pranic Beasts, four male and eight females, possessing strength on a whole other level.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Millinger!

When a Centinger mutates, it evolves into its Gold Grade variant, the Millinger. Every single Gold Grade Pranic Beast was a force of nature, possessing potently powerful Natures. The Millingers were no exception.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

Bone-Melting Artillery was the same as what its Silver Grade variant, the Centinger possessed. But the Millinger's Primary Nature was more potent.

The power that truly set it a class apart was its Secondary Nature.

Inhibition Dome erects a dome in a region, akin to a fortress. All emission-based Natures employing Prana would lose their effect and almost be nullified. The efficiency of the abilities drops drastically, expending more Prana for the same effect.

The Inhibition Dome's effects are selectively applied. Meaning, it only applies to the enemies and not itself and anyone the Millinger recognises as its ally. Therefore, within the Inhibition Dome, the Millingers were pretty much unrivalled.

Only Natures on the likes of Internal Inertial Gravity functioned within the Inhibition Dome. But it'll be hard for even Inala to move around with Bone-Melting Artillery raining down from the skies. Therefore, the best option was to flee in such a scenario.

At least, if only one Millinger was there, measures could be taken to kill it. After all, Ganrimb Kingdom's king, Fhoong Brimgan was a cultivator on the level of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

But there were twelve Millingers. Ganrimb Kingdom's doom was guaranteed. Or rather, the entire region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring would be wiped clean of all living traces.

Later, the Empyrean Tusk herd would pass through the region along the banks of the Red-Draft River and encounter them.

In Sumatra Chronicles, this event was termed the Millinger Catastrophe and became the Fifth Minor Crisis. As the exoskeleton of the Empyrean Tusks is made out of bone, the Centingers were a bad matchup.

The Millinger Catastrophe was one of the strongest Minor Crises faced by the Mammoth Clan in Sumatra Chronicles. As it was clearly depicted in Sumatra Chronicles, Inala knew the destruction the region would face.

Perched far away from the Angan River was an Empyrean Zinger Scout. Upon seeing the Centingers arrive, it craned strength into its legs and shot high up into the sky, remaining in its miniature form as it trailed over the Centinger colony, scouting them.

Once it finished gathering all the details, it unleashed a sharp screech before a spike pierced its body, killing it. The culprit was a Centinger that heard its shriek.

As the Empyrean Zinger Scout was barely a month old, it wasn't strong enough to defend against the artillery attack, killed in one hit. But anyway, it completed its mission, transmitting all the information through one shriek, the speciality of the Zingers.

Multiple shrieks resounded as the information was transmitted to the Empyrean Zinger King who inhaled deeply and unleashed a powerful shriek, alerting Inala.

"Time to hunt," Saying so, Inala got up and flexed his muscles, now fully recovered. He stretched his hand and grabbed Battalda by the neck, uttering, "Thank you for your service. You are a valuable resource. Since you'll be dying a few hours from now, allow me to do the deed in advance, for my benefit."

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"Koff!" Blood spurted out of Battalda as his brain collapsed. His Spirit Container shattered as all the resultant Prana surged into his head, passing through the brain cells repeatedly before they slammed into his skull, absorbed by the latter.

In a matter of minutes, all the Prana in Battalda's body was used up. Brain matter oozed out of his orifices like water, having been melted for some reason, sizzling hot to the touch.

Inala opened his mouth and allowed an Empyrean Zinger to fly out. He closed his eyes and covered his ears. A minute later, the Empyrean Zinger placed Battalda's skull in his hand, fully cleaned. His corpse vanished, settling in the Empyrean Zinger's stomach.

Mysterious ring patterns covered Battalda's skull. Even though it was eerie to the touch, causing his revulsion to well up, Inala calmed himself and activated another ability, using it on the source through whom he derived it.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!



Chapter 186 Tax Collector Inala

The Prime Skill of Empyrean Extraction caused the target's Spirit Container to shatter, making their Prana surge into their head and result in the brain's collapse. The Prana would then seep through each brain cell, absorbing the data stored in all.

Like a storm, this Prana would slam into the skull, embedding the information into it, similar to how a Mammoth Clansman inscribed information into a Bone Slip using the Bone Slip Skill. The result was the creation of a special Bone Slip that contained all the target's information, the majority of which were unknown to even the target.

Any genetic defects they possessed, potential illness, subconscious bias, habits, emotional tendencies, the weight of every single organ, its genetic makeup, etc. Pretty much everything the target possessed, down to their genetic data was encoded into this special Bone Slip.

But it couldn't be accessed normally. If Inala were to access it like he did with a Bone Slip, his brain would explode. After all, when a Mammoth Clansman used the Bone Slip Skill, all the information in the Bone Slip was instantly inscribed onto their mind.

Using the same on this special Bone Slip would cause so much information to be inscribed onto his mind that it would collapse instantly. It was impossible to handle the entirety of data that belonged to someone.

Hence, Inala derived a second Skill by basing it on the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill and parts of the Imprint Acceptance Skill. The result was a Bone Slip Skill with a filter.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Similar to when Inala used the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill on the previous Gannala and entered her mind space, capable of seeing the troves of information she had accumulated, the Mind Slip Skill allowed the information within the skull to be displayed similar to a mind space.

Inala would enter this mind space where all the information would be present in clusters, with each cluster pertaining to a specific data. He would only access the necessary clusters and avoid the rest.

This protected his mind. Moreover, he could use these skulls as data banks for future reference. That would allow him to work on greater projects in the future.

Battalda was an Information Officer. Therefore, the level of information available with him would trump everyone else in Ellora City, except for probably Gudora.

Closing his eyes, Inala accessed Battalda's skull, arriving at the respective mindspace to observe large heaps of information clusters. They weren't as ginormous as the previous Gannala, but were still significant enough.

'I need a detailed map of this region, from Ganrimb Kingdom to Brimgan Empire.' He thought, watching his figure within the mindspace move towards a certain cluster. Once he touched it, the information cluster was absorbed into his body.

A second later, it was inscribed into his mind. Inala took some time to go through them, smiling in response at the detailed map he had obtained, 'This makes travelling to the Brimgan Empire a lot easier.'

He used Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill on the other two Information Team members and obtained their Skulls too. "This isn't enough."

After enduring a week's torture, Inala was bloodthirsty, despite his inhibitions towards such an act. His logical side told him to use Empyrean Extraction on everyone of importance in the Ganrimb Kingdom using the opportunity when they were getting hunted by the Centingers.

His humane side though, opposed it, preventing him from treading such a demonic path. Originally, his humane side was stronger, as when push came to shove, he ended up listening to it.

When baby Gannala was born, he could have simply launched her somewhere else and made the Boar King chase after her. By the time he catches up to her and devours her, the herd would have escaped to another location. He would remain in safety.

But his humane side won, which was why he placed himself in danger in order to lure the Boar King his way and also took it upon himself to raise baby Gannala, despite the hardships.

His humane side was also why he didn't try to take advantage of people like Ruvva. With his smarts and cunning, he could have done a better job in wringing Ruvva dry for all her worth.

There were others too in the 44th Settlement, facing their respective challenges. He could have led them on with his knowledge from Sumatra Chronicles and used them for his benefit. He had the capability to do so.

But he didn't, because that wasn't humane. Inala's goal wasn't to become an unrivalled existence and remain at the top of the food chain, but alone. No, a mere six years of a shut-in life on Earth was exhausting enough. He didn't enjoy living like that.

He wanted to be with others, share fun times together, etc. He wanted a social life and not remain alone with cultivation being the only thing he did. His goal in Sumatra was to explore the continent one day, freely. Experience new sights daily, fight new Pranic Beasts from time to time, record his observations through elaborate paintings, etc.

Adventure!

He craved that. If he were to give in to the demonic way, the adventuring option would no longer be available. Because, everywhere he goes, he would only be focusing on ways to take advantage of the region, the Pranic Beasts, etc. to strengthen himself further.

That life would exhaust him quickly. It was why, despite there being easier paths to take, Inala chose ones that he was comfortable with.

Normally, that was the case. But whenever his emotions were pushed to the extreme, his humane self would take a back seat. It happened the first time when he came to understand what Granny Oyo had done.

In anger, he shattered her skull. It was only because she had forced herself on him.

During the night of the incident, had she flirted with him a bit and made a move openly, he would have been happy to oblige, for he was straight up simping for her. Sex would have been perfect. But Granny Oyo chose rape instead. As a result, pushing Inala to the extreme.

And now, was the second time. He hadn't slept for a week, having had to constantly keep his Prana Domination Skill active and endure intense migraines every time Battalda used his ability.

Inala intended to leave Ellora City before the Millinger Catastrophe started but was instead hindered by Gudora's attack. As a result, he had to send Asaeya and baby Gannala into the wilds alone.

Even though they were accompanied by Empyrean Zingers, nothing could be said with guarantee. If a Gold Grade Pranic Beast were to attack them, they would be wiped out, rendering all his sacrifices a waste.

He had contributed significantly to Ellora City's development. He raised many people from poverty, brought business to the city, helped many cultivators reach the Body Stage, and even turned cultivators from important families, like the City Councillor's son into a genius by imparting him valuable Skills.

He did all that and what was the result? A wrench in his plans, endangering everything he sacrificed to maintain, and a week's worth of mental and physical torture.

"Not worth it, not in the least worth it." His sleepless eyes were red, not turning normal even with Lifeforce infusion. He burst out of his prison cell and turned his head to stare at the guards rushing his way, "I need to be paid."

"For everything."



Chapter 187 Drug Lord Data

"A prisoner escaped!"

"Capture him!"

"Sound the alarm…Ackkk!"

In one of the prison cells, lacking any limbs and affixed to the wall was an old man. He was naked, strapped to a bunch of apparatus that were drilling into him like he was a mountain and mining for resources.

Affixed to the wall beside him was another him, his second body, in the same state as the original. A bit more to the side was his third body, fourth, and finally the fifth.

He was called Lurt, an ambitious commoner who was born in the slums of Ellora City and made his way to the top of the underworld, gaining him the nickname of Drug Lord.

He was a genius and with limited means, gathered resources and eventually created a cultivation technique on his own. By the age of forty, he entered the Body Stage and fused with a Silver Grade mineral called Roin.

By the time he finished building his Human Avatar and reached the peak of the Body Stage, his lifespan had increased by three hundred years, a significant sum. He was always careful, living in the shadows, for his battle power was limited at best.

Roin was a mineral that had drug-related properties, capable of affecting both human and Pranic Beast bodies. Thanks to it, he produced both medicine and drugs, flooding the market with his products.

The drugs made the consumers addicted to them. While at the same time, the medicine cured them. As a result, he had control over both markets, capable of collapsing Ellora City's economy overnight by releasing a bunch of drugs if he wanted.

Eventually, his drugs made their way to other cities through Ellora City's trade route. When the scale of activity became too high profile, the Information Team was dispatched, collecting information from the affected parties.

Soon, they narrowed down on him, and a raid team was dispatched, ending up capturing him. Gudora had personally taken the lead, severing Lurt's limbs from all his five bodies.

At the time of conflict, Lurt was at the 5-Life Stage. It had been sixty years since he had been captured. As he was the sole individual who figured out a method to create a Human Avatar out of Roin, the Information Team interrogated and eventually obtained all his secrets.

Unfortunately, even after training some people with the cultivation technique, none managed to reach the peak of the Body Stage, not to mention enter the Life Stage. As a result, they were primarily dependent on Lurt.

Every time Ellora City needed medicine, they forcefully extracted it out of him. Locked up in the cell for sixty years, Lurt had forgotten what the outside world looked like. And now, for the first time in decades, a tinge of hope lit up in his eyes.

He craned his head up and listened to the sounds of cries from the guards, followed by blunt impacts, resulting in eerie silence. "Here…save me!"

Bang!

At his weak cries, the door to his cell slammed open as Inala sauntered in. Staring at his confident power-induced pose, Lurt said in a hurry, "Save me too!"

"I don't know who you are, but I'm valuable."

"You're valuable indeed," Inala nodded and approached one of Lurt's bodies, "Considering how you're the only other individual locked in the City Lord estate's prison cell. It's a show of your value."

"Your reasoning is spectacular." Lurt nodded.

"But, how will you escape with me?" Inala asked, "You lack limbs to move."

"Please carry me for a short while." Lurt said, "As long as I recover some Prana, I'll be able to rebuild my limbs. I need two days at most to heal one body."

"I see," Inala nodded and placed his palm on Lurt's forehead, causing the latter to be confused. But a moment later, there was a shrill scream.

"W-What did you do?" At the sight of brain matter leaking out of Lurt's orifices, his remaining four bodies shrilled in fright.

"Nothing much," Inala said and took out a skull covered by images of leaves, roots, etc. It was Lurt's skull, now containing all his data.

Through the Mind Slip Prime Skill, Inala entered its mindspace and commented, "Alright, it has all your information."

He surfed through it for a few minutes and muttered in praise, "You're indeed amazing."

'His power is similar to Oyo. He'll be useful.' Thinking as such, Inala broke the bindings of one of Lurt's bodies. He then encased him in a large Prana Bomb and activated his Internal Inertial Gravity at full power, bending space within.

Following that, he shrunk the Prana Bomb to a miniature size and swallowed it. Once it reached the biome in his stomach, the shell shattered, causing the space within it to spill out as the figure of Lurt fell on the stomach walls.

Two Empyrean Zingers constricted him, preventing him from doing anything.

"One is enough," Inala said and used Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill to collect three more Lurt skulls. The information in all four Lurt Skulls was the exact same, but the copies might come in handy in the future.

To avoid any variables, he intended to kill the extra Lurt bodies anyway. So, instead of wasting them, he added more skulls. Maybe he could imprint the contents of a Lurt Skull on an Empyrean Zinger and nurture it to control Lurt.

That way, he could make Lurt produce all sorts of medicine for his use.

"Get him…!" A guard shouted and rushed at him, his voice cut off when a Prana Bomb slammed into him after its weight was increased. The impact splattered his head while his Prana was absorbed into the Prana Bomb.

Four Prana Bombs revolved around Inala like satellites and attacked any guard that came within hundred metres. Slowly, he made his way through the flight of stairs, disposing every guard that came his way.

Soon, he created two Prana Hands, using them to replenish his Prana faster. Prana Hands had lower efficiency in Prana absorption from enemies, but it instantly added to his Prana reserves. So, it was better to use it during drawn-out battles.

But for resource accumulation, using Prana Bombs was the best.

Soon, Inala arrived at the ground floor of the City Lord mansion, spreading his Empyrean Zinger Scouts in their miniature form. Since they remained within his Spirit Weapon range, he could access their memories and see whatever they witnessed.

Instantly, Inala mapped out all the rooms in a hundred-metre radius around him, approaching one of them as he twisted the door knob open and stared at the figure of a woman inside, "You're here."

Followed by a grin, he entered the room and closed the door behind him. Two seconds later, screams echoed out.



Chapter 188 Inala Vs Hanya (Part 1)

"Phew," Hanya exhaled softly as she wore a pair of armguards. Her armour was tight-fitting, accentuating her curves. It was smooth and soft to the touch, despite appearing like a condensation of sludge.

In truth, the armour was hardened sludge that was weaved into fabric armour. Hanya spent a decade patiently creating it out of her Human Avatar and refined it with a bunch of Parute Fruits and minerals.

The result was this Sludge Armour that when worn, amplified her Human Avatar, strengthening her greatly. As it was a prized item, Hanya only donned it during the most important battles.

News of the Centingers arriving on the Angan River reached her ears. Her husband, Gudora had already gone to the city walls, alongside all their strong cultivators to engage in a defensive battle.

Based on their battle plan, her role consisted of the city defence, especially against the artillery strikes unleashed by the Centingers. Her job was to erect a sludge dome that shielded the entire city's airspace.

Her children cultivated the same technique as Gudora. Hence, their Human Avatars were made out of Haddlyok. Even though erecting a Haddlyok mist barrier atop Ellora City ought to stop the artillery strike, they weren't as effective as Hanya's sludge.

It was because of the consumption efficiency. It took too much power for the Haddlyok mist to crystallise the artilleries and shatter them into dust. In contrast, the sludge melted through the artilleries and consumed them to strengthen itself.

Moreover, Hanya alone was enough for the barrier. Hence, the task was given to her. Currently, other than a small group of soldiers left behind to defend the City Lord Estate, everyone else had rushed to the city walls.

The citizens had taken refuge in the underground shelters that had been rapidly constructed in the past week. The shelters were created out of Haddlyok and hence were robust enough.

At present, the only sign of human activity in Ellora City apart from the walls was in the City Lord Mansion.

"I'm nervous," Hanya muttered as she carefully placed a bunch of Prana-replenishing medicines in her One-Storey Storage Lantern. Ganrimb Kingdom had Storage Lanterns.

When Fhoong Brimgan fled from the Brimgan Empire, he brought in a bunch of Storage Lanterns with him. Contained in them were resources necessary for his cultivation. Over the centuries, the resources stored in the Storage Lanterns were consumed.

Since he had no other use for them, he distributed them among his children who had become City Lords. Ellora City had three Storage Lanterns, two of them being One-Storey Storage Lanterns while the third was a Two Storey Storage Lantern.

Gudora held the remaining two Storage Lanterns, using them to store the resources necessary for their ongoing battle.

Hanya exhaled softly once she finished preparing herself. Based on their information network, there were two hours left before the Centingers attacked their city. Therefore, she still had some time to calm her nerves, "I don't know how many would die this time."

"Let me predict it for you," A voice resounded from behind her suddenly, startling her as Hanya unleashed her Prana radially to capture the position of the intruder.

She turned in his direction and glared, trying her best to rein in her shock, "H-How did you escape?"

"Don't sweat the small stuff," Inala said and calmly closed the door behind him once he entered the room. He stared at the alarmed figure of Hanya and uttered, "My prediction is this,"

"Ganrimb Kingdom is doomed."

"You…" Hanya seethed in rage as Prana boiled out of her, filling up the room with her strong presence. "What did you do to my Information Team?"

"Take a guess," Saying so, Inala stomped the ground, causing it to web with cracks. Prana Bombs appeared around him in large numbers as he activated the Mystic Bone Art, causing them to converge upon his body like a fluid and cover him like armour.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

The thumping of his heart intensified as Inala felt the surge of strength in his being. He condensed a Prana Bomb into a shaft and attached it to another Prana Bomb that acted as a head, creating a mace.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Creak!

The floor deformed like a sponge when his body density crossed four hundred kilograms. It shattered at his kick, causing Hanya to lose her foothold and fall to a lower floor.

Taking the chance when she was falling, Inala condensed a spear out of a Prana Bomb and hurled it at her, increasing its density to the limit.

Boom!

Hanya activated her Human Avatar on all four bodies and stacked them, raising her strength to the limit. She erected a sludge shield to defend against the spear, resulting in a shockwave upon impact.

The spear absorbed all Prana upon the area of contact, causing the sludge in the area to lose all its strength. As a result, it pierced through and stabbed Hanya, stopping after lodging itself halfway into her torso.

The momentum behind the throw slammed her into the floor. The floor caved in from the impact before it was rapidly melted through by her Human Avatar.

"Have another," Inala grunted and spat out a dozen Empyrean Zingers, all of whom activated Mystic Bone Art to condense spears out of their Prana Bombs. Similar to him, they activated Internal Inertial Gravity to raise the density of the spear to the maximum and hurled them at her.

Even the weakest spear among them weighed around a hundred kilograms. Adding onto their projectile speed, they became menacing attacks.

"What the…" Hanya's face paled as her vision was covered by Prana Bomb spears. Every Empyrean Zinger had chucked two Prana Bomb spears, since they were ambidextrous in nature.

"Urrh!" She grunted and shot out sludge balls that targeted the Prana Bomb spears, meeting projectile with projectile. When a sludge ball approached a Prana Bomb spear, the latter swerved around it, as the Empyrean Zinger that had hurled it was controlling it.

The Prana Bomb spear was its Spirit Weapon and hence could be controlled through psychokinesis. As the Prana Bomb spear avoided the sludge ball, Hanya grunted as the latter curved around the air in a helical loop and trailed after the spear, latching onto its rear end.

More than half the Prana within the sludge ball was absorbed by the spear while the remainder melted through half the spear's shaft.

Hanya's mind was stretched to the limit as she was controlling more than twenty sludge balls. Controlling one projectile through psychokinesis was the limit. The greater the number of projectiles added to the mix, the lower the control efficiency.

To offset that, Hanya exerted greater mental focus, as a result ending up exhausting herself at a quicker pace.

"Stop!" She roared and erected a large sludge dome, one that exploded radially and melted through her surroundings.

"Heh, how does it feel?" Unleashing a gust of air to propel himself backward, Inala avoided the range of the sludge dome and commented once it vanished, staring at the melted surroundings, "You've destroyed more than a quarter of your beloved home."



Chapter 189 Inala Vs Hanya (Part 2)

Hanya was at the 4-Life Stage, a powerful opponent. But despite possessing superior cultivation, she was having a hard time facing Inala alone.

The reason lay in the Grades of their Primary Natures. Hanya's Primary Nature was at the Silver Grade, as evidenced by the mineral used to forge her Human Avatar.

In contrast, Inala had three Natures.

His Primary Nature of Royalty was at the Silver Grade, being on par with Hanya. But his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity was at the peak of Gold Grade, for it was the Primary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk.

That wasn't all. His Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System was also Gold Grade, for it was derived from an Empyrean Tusk's relationship with the Mammoth Clan. It wasn't as potent as Internal Inertial Gravity but was still in the Gold Grade.

With two Gold Grade Natures, Inala was no different from a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. This was the primary reason he had been gunning for the Zinger Queen's power all along.

Yes, technically, he wasn't a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. His Prana values were only on the level of a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast, a far cry from Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. But that was only in terms of absolute comparisons.

Inala's Prana recovery was unrivalled, either through the use of a Prana Bomb or a Prana Hand. Therefore, for someone who could constantly regenerate their Prana, the total value of their Prana wasn't important.

Thereby, Inala was able to exercise the strength on the level of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast while only having to cultivate like a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. In terms of trade-off, this was the best.

It was why he was confident in being able to threaten the Boar King once he reached the peak of cultivation, because he had the confidence in getting there first.

A sludge ball stealthily drilled through the walls and burst out from a location right behind Inala, aiming for his head. But, perched on the back of his head was a miniature Empyrean Zinger Scout. It detected the sludge ball and threw a Prana Bomb its way.

The Prana Bomb ended up melting upon contact but also managed to neutralise the sludge ball. There were ten such miniature Empyrean Zinger Scouts, perched all over Inala's body, taking charge of his defence.

As they were part of his immune system, they weren't targeted by the Prana absorption capabilities of the Prana Bomb armour covering him.

Without needing to defend himself, Inala had enough free space in his mind to focus on attacks. This was why he, someone at the initial phase of the Body Stage was able to fight on par with a 4-Life Stage cultivator, Hanya.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Four Prana Bombs revolved around him as they elongated into spears. He grabbed one and threw it with force at Hanya, controlling its flight trajectory through psychokinesis.

He repeated the same with the other three spears, causing them to fly around in varying arcs and target her.

"How are you able to control four Spirit Weapons?" Hanya shrilled in shock as she evaded the attacks, watching craters form wherever the Prana Bomb spears make contact. A second later, they flew out of the crater and arrived before Inala who chucked them once again.

Swoosh! Feuhh!

Soft whistling sounds echoed in the area as Prana Bomb spears rained down from the skies. An Empyrean Zinger glided in the air, forming circles. Standing atop its back was Inala, using the advantageous foothold to rain down attacks.

"Argh!" Hanya shrieked when Prana was rapidly absorbed from her legs. She stared down and noticed a greyish layer covering the ground. She increased the strength in her legs and stomped, melting the layer.

Her heartbeats were loud enough to mask her hearing. Hanya expanded the range covered by her Prana, elevating her detection range. Her skin pricked at the elbow of her left hand. She swerved around and stared in the respective direction, observing three Empyrean Zingers perched on a pillar closer to the ground.

They were spilling Prana Bombs on the floor. And upon coming into contact, the Prana Bombs spread out like water, forming a layer on the floor.

The walls, the floor, and even the ceiling were quickly covered by the Prana Bombs, creating a terrain unfavourable to her. Anywhere she touches them, her Prana would end up being stolen.

"Hanya, why don't you surrender?" Inala said, "You'll be killed by the Centingers anyway. So, I don't wish to dirty my hands if possible. I'll simply beat you up until I'm satisfied and be on my merry way."

"You wish!" She growled and unleashed a sludge tsunami, drowning the region. The moment the sludge poured over the Prana Bomb floor, she felt a searing headache as her Prana was being stolen on all fronts.

Enduring the pain, she continued casting her Skill until the region was filled with her sludge, ending up melting through the Prana Bomb surface.

"Haah…hah!" She chuckled a moment later, stationing herself at the bottom of the sludge reservoir. She pushed the sludge away from her immediate vicinity, erecting a sphere of air-filled zone around her, spanning a couple metres in radius. Following that, she expanded her One-Storey Storage Lantern to its original size and took out a bunch of medicines from it, pouring their contents into her mouth.

"Phew!" She groaned and sat cross-legged, activating her cultivation technique in an effort to quickly recover her Prana. She was already down to half. And considering how Inala didn't even seem to be phased by the fight, she was in a hurry to recover to her peak as soon as possible.

"Hmm…as expected of a master," Inala muttered as he leaped onto the back of another Empyrean Zinger that had taken flight to glide higher. As it circled around, its altitude gradually reduced. Staring at the massive reservoir of sludge surrounding Hanya, he commented, "It's trickier to kill someone like her."

Hanya's abilities were a hard counter to him. As a result, it took him time to corner her. But that was the only issue. In terms of Prana consumption, Inala had actually recovered twenty Prana more than what he consumed.

Hence, his reserves were at their peak.

"There's a faster way," He muttered after a minute of observation. Followed by a leap, he landed on the terrace of the City Lord mansion farther away from the sludge reservoir. Once all the Empyrean Zingers returned to him in their miniature forms, Inala grabbed one of them and threw it in the air, watching it reach hundreds of metres high up.

He followed suit by throwing more Empyrean Zingers, watching them begin gliding as they reverted to their original sizes. Twelve of them were in the air now, circling in unison, resembling a helical strand.

"Heup!" He grunted and leaped, landing on the closest Empyrean Zinger. Without a moment's delay, he jumped and leaped onto the Empyrean Zinger that was gliding higher. One after another, he climbed up and quickly reached the back of the Empyrean Zinger which was at the highest point, reaching an altitude of six hundred metres.

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala opened his mouth and let out the remaining Empyrean Zingers. They reverted to their original sizes and glided in the air, forming a circle. Following that, all of them condensed Prana Bomb spears and raised their weight to the maximum.

"Now, shoot!" Inala roared as he threw the Prana Bomb spear, watching it continue to accelerate sheerly due to the effects of gravity. Due to its needle shape and high density, the air resistance it faced was minimal.

Moreover, he added groves along the sides of the spear, causing the air to flow along them, creating an effect similar to the grooving in a gun's barrel. Using the air resistance, he caused the Prana Bomb spears to spin at terrifying speeds.

Like a bolt of lightning, dozens of Prana Bomb spears slammed into the sludge reservoir, breaking the speed of sound at the moment of impact and, as a result creating a resounding explosion.



Chapter 190 Inala Vs Hanya (Part 3)

'Soon, just a bit more.' Hanya thought as she hurriedly cultivated, trying her best to recover her Prana as quickly as possible.

But suddenly, she felt mild tremors throughout the upper surface of the sludge reservoir, becoming alert. She reacted spontaneously, erecting stronger defences. Unfortunately for her though, she had underestimated Inala's strength.

Like meteors falling off from a star in the sky, the heavy Prana Bomb spears rained down on the sludge reservoir with enough momentum to spill out the sludge like a tidal wave.

The Prana Bomb spears used their rapid spin to drill through the sludge and reach Hanya, bombarding her body. Explosions resounded continuously as the sludge splashed throughout the City Lord's estate.

It spilled upon the beautifully decorated lawn, melting it into a puddle in a matter of seconds. The pleasant canal stream that coursed through the estate was polluted once the sludge mixed into it, causing the canal walls to melt and result in the surrounding soil clogging up the drains.

All the plants wilted in response while the walls of the building gradually began to melt into the polluted ground, being eaten off by the corrosiveness within.

Originally a powerful defensive power, Hanya ended up losing a lot of Prana as her sludge was spilled out everywhere and consumed power to melt through them.

She would have originally deactivated her power to conserve her Prana loss. But the moment she intended to do so, a bunch of Prana Bomb spears stabbed into her body, unleashing sonic booms upon impact to shred her apart.

"That was cleared beautifully," Inala commented as he turned his body light and landed on the ground lithely. The moment his feet touched the polluted ground, the Prana within the pollutants were absorbed.

As it had lost most of its potency by already melting through the soil, the remnant sludge wasn't strong enough to affect his Prana Bomb armour. As a result, he ended up easily absorbing the Prana in it.

After a moment of thought, he rolled around on the ground to clean the region, ending up recovering the Prana he had used in the previous attack. Getting up, he dusted and leaped into the crater where the sludge reservoir once stood.

Multiple minor craters filled the large crater. And stabbed into one such mini crater was Hanya, her head a mush after two Prana Bomb spears had stabbed her dead.

Her corpse lay on the ground as her Human Avatar had been deactivated upon death. The moment Inala landed in the region, the ground parted way as Hanya rushed out as a wave of sludge and thrust her hand forward, extending a needle-like tendril out at the front, intending to stab Inala.

3-Life Stage!

After being killed once, her cultivation dropped by a level.

Three Empyrean Zingers that had been posted on Inala's back inhaled air sharply upon seeing her sneak attack and spat out the compressed air. The gust of wind was akin to a storm, stopping Hanya in her tracks.

Immediately after, three heavy Prana Bombs slammed into her face and sent her flying. Sludge extended out of her feet and dug into the ground, reclining like a stretched rubber band as they forcefully anchored her to the ground.

Sliding back by a few metres, Hanya came to a stop and leaped forward, unwilling to stop her relentless attacks. 'As long as I get in a good hit, Inala's strength will be compromised.'

But a moment later, her focused expression glazed over as a bloody line formed on her neck. The head of Inala's mace elongated into a sharp blade—spanning a length of five metres—as he twirled once, severing Hanya at her neck.

"Guh!" She grunted. Hanya appeared next to her decapitated body.

2-Life Stage!

Hanya shot out a bunch of sludge spheres, keeping the Empyrean Zingers busy with defence. She then opened her mouth and vomited a tidal wave of sludge, intending to drown Inala.

"Nope," With a snort, Inala leaped high in the air, evading the sludge wave. He spat out an Empyrean Zinger and used his psychokinesis to give it some momentum before landing on its back, as a result gliding at an altitude of twenty metres.

He leaped once again and threw a Prana Bone spear, targeting Hanya's hand to sever it in response. Immediately following that, another volley of Prana Bomb spears rained down, spilling out the sludge tidal wave to result in a wounded Hanya.

By this point, she was afraid, for none of her attacks were working on him. Even if they did, Inala's physical superiority allowed him to dodge them all and calmly hover high up in the sky.

Whenever she tried to use a Spirit Weapon to harm him, dozens of Prana Bombs acting as Spirit Weapons targeted her in response, overwhelming her. If she were to unleash a strong attack, he would simply retreat high enough into the sky and rain down heavy attacks akin to meteor strikes and splatter all her sludge.

It only resulted in her excess Prana consumption. Hanya stared at Inala with a trembling gaze, sensing that his Prana levels hadn't dropped a bit from the start, "What kind of monster are you?"

"The Empyrean kind," Inala winked and spat out Empyrean Zingers once again, unleashing another rain of Prana Bomb spears on Hanya.

1-Life Stage!

Hanya was at her last life, having dropped to the peak of the Body Stage. She gasped for breath at the bottom of a crater, fear surging in her eyes as she stared at the mangled corpse of her nearby. That was her third body that had been killed by Inala.

'H-How is he this strong?' She was unable to understand, despairing in response as she squealed, "Spare me, please."

"Too late," Inala took on his female form and slammed a Life Bomb—one that would birth a Queen—into her, causing her to shriek as she shrivelled up, growing old all of a sudden.

"W-What did you do? WHAT DID YOU DO?" Hanya shrilled aloud upon seeing her arms resemble tree bark now, feeling all strength leave her. Her Prana had been stolen completely. And now, her Lifeforce too followed suit, leaving behind only a day's worth.

"There are many things I want to ask you. So, I'll do it later." Saying so, Inala grabbed Hanya's head and seeped his Prana into her.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

By turning her into his Spirit Weapon, Inala made her seep her Prana into her Storage Lantern and transfer its ownership to him. It was full of valuable medicines, which would come in handy for his use.

He needed a Storage Lantern anyway, and this came at the perfect time.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"Koff!" Hanya coughed out blood as brain matter oozed out of her orifices. It was a gory picture but unlike before, Inala didn't shy away and etched in mind the consequences of his actions.

By exerting strength in his hands, he ripped out her head and tossed it to an Empyrean Zinger who ate all the flesh and returned a clean skull of Hanya.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Inala accessed Hanya's mindspace and looked for information related to their treasury. Upon finding it, he absorbed the relevant information and used it to arrive at a certain room in the City Lord Estate, "Time for some treasure hunt."



