Chapter 721  Vara Palm Print

Since the Spirit Container had been fused with a mineral, it was pretty stable. That allowed Inala to use his Skill of Palm Stitch to pretty much stitch the Spirit Container onto his palm, using the tension to knead the Spirit Container like a dough and make it expand along the print on his palm.

Currently, it had overlaid perfectly, becoming one with the palm print. As long as Inala remains careful with his palms and doesn't slap them on rocks nonstop, the palm print won't be damaged.

It meant he could use the Vara Palm Stitch as if it were a Vara Human Avatar. That was possible. And if he so needed, he could instantly use Palm Stitch to stitch the Vara Palm Print onto any surface and make it emanate its respective power there.

Its uses would become apparent once the Vara concentration becomes potent enough to hold an Iron Grade Nature. For that, Inala would have to repeat the process multiple times and fill not only the palm print on his right but also his left.

This way, he could hold two Natures, which gave him more than enough foundation to enter the Varahan Empire and live there as one of its citizens.

For the next nine months, Inala focused on strengthening the palm print on his right, gradually increasing its Vara concentration.

"Sir Binala, you're relentless." Wepetay raised an eyebrow upon seeing Inala, "You've been using up a lot of resources without remorse. But more than the resources, I'm confused by your determination. How can you press forth after so many failures?"

"Failures?" Inala chuckled, "I've never failed, not a single time. I have simply been healing my Spirit Container over the past few months."

"Healing?" Wepetay tilted his head slightly, expressing his curiosity, "Has your Spirit Container been damaged or something?"

"Well, back in the days, when I was young and bold, I fought a Centinger." Inala scratched his cheek in embarrassment, "I paid the price for my arrogance as my Life Stage cultivation was destroyed. No matter what I did, I couldn't even progress through the Spirit Stage."

"But now," He grinned, "Gold Inheritance Art has been slowly, but surely healing me. Every time I touch the Body Stage, I can feel my Spirit Container healing before I drop to the Spirit Stage."

"That is…amazing!" Wepetay expressed in awe, "I never knew you were going through something so treacherous, Sir Binala. Please pardon my prior comments. I simply assumed you were wasting resources while being indignant about your potential."

"Haha, I'm not old enough to give up on life. So, I might as well give it a shot, since it will give me a few more centuries of lifespan." Inala said as he received a small packet of Vara alongside some medicines, "Thank you for this."

Just as he was about to leave, Inala thought a little and stared at Wepetay, "Do you wish to see my healing process?"

"I would love to, but unfortunately, I don't have the time." Wepetay smiled wryly as he pointed at the group of people from the Noikatol Kingdom staring at him from nearby, "I need to guide them all, work on scout reports of this region, and plan our expansion from here."

"You're too busy," Inala paused as he observed Wepetay's face, noticing the latter's exhaustion displayed vividly through his dark circles and puffy eyes, "Try to maintain a work-life balance."

His tone turned serious as he said, "You gained a lot of strength in recent times, which makes you think you're invincible. But remember that you are still a person. Hunger and exhaustion are both problems even if you're a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, not to mention your current self."

"I understand," His eyes widened a little before Wepetay nodded in realisation, "I'll try to rest whenever possible."

"Good," Inala nodded and began to walk away, "When I succeed, I'll give you an Information Slip recording my healing journey. That should help you learn a little."

"Thank you, Sir Binala." Wepetay nodded without a hint of arrogance. He was someone who tried his best to remain humble and interact with the people in the Noikatol Kingdom, all while keeping in mind his past as someone from a Kingdom too.

After so many months of remaining at the Petrichor Savanah, he had a decent relationship with Inala and tried to converse with the latter whenever possible. He liked to hear about Inala's survival exploits in the wilds while only possessing Spirit Stage cultivation.

Originally, he didn't think Inala was anyone special, for the latter didn't stand out from the crowd. However, the crowd in question here was the Noikatol Kingdom, who were all enamoured by Inala's tales.

As they praised his experience to Wepetay, the man got curious too, which prompted him to strike up a conversation with Inala. That was how the two came to know each other, unaware that Inala was subtly steering the people to mention him to Wepetay as casually as possible.

Using his unique experience as a chip to become a respected individual in the eyes of third parties was one of Inala's plans.

Carrying the bag of resources, he calmly walked to his tent when noticing the figure of Virala standing at its entrance, emitting Silver Grade strength.

"I'm done," Virala said with a determined expression as he turned the tip of his index finger into the Vara Human Avatar, "I'm at the Body Stage now."

"Guess this is where we part ways." Inala nodded as he watched Virala's face scowl in response.

"Are you not worried?" Virala glared at Inala, "I'm already at the lead, significantly so. At this rate…"

"Are you worried?" Inala chuckled as he slowly took a few steps forward, "If it helps you, think of it like this."

His eyes turned cold as he muttered, "I'm giving you a head start. Let's see if you're able to do anything worthwhile with it before I arrive there."

"Your arrogance is unnecessary," Virala snorted and walked away, pausing a little to utter, "I don't have a complete grasp of your plans, but I'm not concerned. I'm clear of what I want to achieve here and I'll be going ahead with it, whether or not you can keep up."

"Did entering the Body Stage ignite your confidence?" Inala taunted, "We can fight now if you want. You might finally be able to defeat me, since you now have Silver Grade strength."

"I would love to wipe the floor with your face, but I have my pride." Virala glared once before walking away, "I won't allow you to make any excuses when I defeat you at your own game."

His expression was serious as he muttered, "I'll wait until you're at the same level as me."

'You're speaking as if I'm inferior currently.' Inala chuckled with ridicule as he watched Virala walk away, thinking calmly, 'You're my plan, kid.'

'The Wean Clan will collapse because of you.' Inala let out a wide smile as he entered his tent, 'Well, that's what I want to achieve, anyway. It's the easiest way to get into Brangara's head, since he already is suffering from mental wounds because of Ruvva's birth.'

Though he tried his best to never display it, Brangara was hurt by the fact that Yarsha Zahara had given birth to a child that wasn't his. Irrespective of how much he tried to delude himself otherwise, Ruvva's existence was an undeniable fact.

And when the same nonsense happens with his Granddaughters, Brangara will become incensed, which would make him explode with the bottled-up emotions.

The best thing about this plan is that Inala didn't even have to do anything in response. Virala would do all that on his own and harness a large amount of Brangara's hatred. After all, no matter how much Virala tried to copy Inala, their strengths were different.

So, even the gains he got through observing Inala would eventually be applied to Virala's field of advantage, which was interpersonal relations. He could easily forge a relationship with another person, even if it wasn't long-lived.

Virala excelled in that field. Therefore, since Inala was constantly reminding Virala about their race, his pride, and ego would make him lean towards that field. The pressure he feels from Inala's plans would make Virala go all out with his attack, which was bound to mess up the family dynamics of the Wean Clan.

'Let's see what he can do.' Inala thought in interest, 'Even back at the Mammoth Clan, he endangered the 43rd Empyrean Tusk and its respective Settlement while merely being at the Spirit Stage.'

"He's a genius scum," Inala muttered a few days later as he watched Virala enter the Railway Station and board the railway to the Varahan Empire. Since he was at the Body Stage now and had a Vara Human Avatar, he gained eligibility to be a part of the Varahan Empire.

At the railway station, the duo silently eyed each other as the railway—that Virala had boarded—departed. They didn't have to exchange any words with each other, their intentions clearly relayed to the other party through gaze alone.

'Don't cry when I succeed!'

'My grandma said delusional idiots die a dog's death.' n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

'Your grandma was mute!'

'You should watch your mouth, kid. You'll give away your identity to Yarsha and die a dog poop's death!'

'Quote one more reference with a dog, and I'll pulverise you right here and now!'

'Come out if you dare! Oh, you can't alight from a moving train? Poor you!'

Veins popped on Virala's forehead as he began to curse from his seat adjacent to the window, flipping at Inala.

"These dog barks are annoying," Inala looked around as if he was irritated, trying to find where the dog was barking from before turning towards Virala, "Oh, there it is."

"I'll fucking punch you!" Virala bellowed with all his might as the railway left the station and sped through the long tunnel leading all the way to the Varahan Empire.

Insulting Virala was a peaceful activity for Inala, who now felt refreshed to resume his work. He glanced at the palm print on his right and resumed the process. Every time he reached the Body Stage, he extracted the Spirit Container that had fused with Vara and made it a part of his palm print.

A few months later, at one of the rocky hills of the Petrichor Savannah, Inala sprinted across the place and targeted a Balghat—that had already activated its Primary Nature—with shockwaves. Intense sounds rattled its ears, causing it to faint, following which Inala threw a yarn of wool at it after seeping a unit of Prana into it.

The yarn of wool expanded into a net and trapped the Balghat, preventing it from wrestling free. While it tried to break free with its limited flexibility, Inala took out a knife that he had been sharpening over the months and made an incision.

He seeped Prana into it, manoeuvring it as a Tangible Piezo Slip, and determined the accurate location of its Spirit Container in its heart. Following that, he activated Mystic Royal Art and extracted its Spirit Container.

Prime Skill—Spirit Container Extraction!

Upon grabbing the Balghat's Spirit Container, he didn't store it in a vial. Instead, he placed it on the palm of his right and activated the Skill of Palm Stitch.

His Vara Palm Print naturally took effect as the Balghat's Spirit Container was being stitched into it, absorbing the latter's Nature.

"Eww!" Inala commented as the remainder of the Balghat's Spirit Container turned into a murky paste once its Nature was absorbed into the Vara Palm Print. He cleaned his hand and stared at the palm print, noticing that its colour faintly resembled the wool of a Balghat, implying that it now held the Balghat's Nature.

'Indeed, Gracious Inheritance is an offshoot of Voracious Nature.' Inala thought as he noticed some changes happening to his body in response to the Nature's influence, 'As long as I stitch a Spirit Container onto my Vara Palm Print, it would be the same as having consumed the Spirit Container using Voracious Nature. So, I'll be getting that Nature.'

As he was only at the Spirit Stage, the influence generated by the Balghat's Primary Nature was extremely potent. His hair began to grow across his body at densities he had never seen before, almost making him resemble a monkey in a matter of hours.

He felt physically exhausted, as most of his reservoir of carbohydrates and fats had been consumed to satisfy the explosive hair growth. Inala dragged the Balghat to a safe spot and began to consume it, waiting patiently to see the extent of the Nature's influence before he'd activate it.

'If this works, I can start a tattoo business.' Multiple ideas bombarded him the moment he had the thought, causing him to frown for a couple of minutes, following which he ate in silence, 'Let's not get worked up too much.'

'There's still a lot of things to do.' He let out a soft sigh and tried his best to rein himself to reality and now allow his thoughts to wander off.



Chapter 722  Entering The Varahan Empire

722  Entering The Varahan Empire

"Hmph!" Inala grunted and seeped Prana into his palm print, unleashing a Silver Grade presence similar to every other citizen of the Varahan Empire. This was despite him only being at the Spirit Stage.

With this, he could maintain his strength while playing around with the mechanics that keep the Varahan Empire running.

Inala waited patiently while consuming the meat of the Balghat. Once he recovered his Prana capacity to its peak of sixty units, he activated the Nature of Wool expansion, immediately feeling as if his skin was getting ripped apart as all the hair on his body condensed into a net and wrapped around the boulder before him.

It left him bald, bleeding across the body. Wool Expansion only required ten units of Prana to activate, and depending on the situation and the distance between the source and the target, the required number of Prana further decreased.

To rapidly regenerate a layer of wool to peak capacity consumed 220 units of Prana for the Balghat. Inala didn't have that much Prana, so he would have to spend days growing that amount of hair. However, he had no intentions of doing so as he kneeled on the ground once and waited for his Prana to heal his injuries, "I never felt a pain like this. It stings bad!"

As Inala went around having a Vara Human Avatar to get the same power, the influence he had to face was terrifying, especially since he was only at the Spirit Stage, without the mental capacity granted by the Boyd Stage with Silver Grade strength.

Unless he intended to attain something with the influence generated by the Natures, he didn't plan on storing any in his Vara Palm Print. He could only store one Nature per Vara Palm Print. So, his limit was two Natures.

Upon making a full recovery, he returned to his tent to begin accumulating strength once again. First, he'll use Gold Inheritance Art to convert his existing sixty Spirit Containers into forms created by the cultivation technique.

Following that, once he has enough stockpile of medicines, he'd refine a Low-Grade Elixir, consume it, reach the Body Stage and extract the Spirit Container, using which he'll form a Vara Palm Print on his left palm.

Twenty-two years since the Second Major Disaster ended, Inala was finally done with his preparations, having two Vara Palm Prints that were fully functional, able to hold an Expert Iron Grade Nature each.

'It's time to enter the Varahan Empire. I have spent too much time outside.' Inala thought as he approached Wepetay and smiled, "It took too long. But I have succeeded."

"Congratulations, Sir Binala!" Wepetay expressed genuine joy, "It took you a long time indeed."

Saying so, he looked around and only saw the old and untalented people left around them, "Everyone from the Noikatol Kingdom has already entered the Varahan Empire."

"It might take them time before some of them feel interested enough in settling at their home and making a living here." Wepetay said, sighing a moment later upon recalling the situation at his home, "Though, I don't suppose anyone might be willing to do so."

"The Varahan Empire is just too filled with grandeur to be away from it voluntarily."

"How long has it been since you visited home?" Inala stopped emitting Silver Grade presence and asked, frowning as he focused on Wepetay for a few seconds in silence, "Don't tell me…"

"I…never went back after entering the Varahan Empire." Wepetay looked down, "There's just not much to be done at home. I was…sick of that place since I was a kid. Not only is it barren, but we had to live every day in fear of being swarmed by a tide of Pranic Beasts."

"You should return home, I'm sure it'll help you with your cultivation too." Inala said and lightly tapped Wepetay on the chest, focusing on the portion above his heart, "Unlike in the past, the current you is strong. So, you should return home one of these days and build an ancestral home. Even if you don't want to go there, make it a point to visit the place with your family, especially the kids."

"Ensure that they remember your origin and also come to genuinely love your birthplace."

"What about you, Sir?" Wepetay asked upon seeing Inala's moistened gaze, "Do you wish to return to the Bollutiya Kingdom?"

"Being engulfed by hatred is dangerous for someone like me." Inala smiled wryly, "After working hard for so long and barely entering the Body Stage, I understand my limit now. The injuries I sustained during my youth have created irrecoverable damage."

"A hundred units of Prana at the Body Stage is my limit." Inala chuckled, "So, even after entering the Body Stage, I'll grow old as usual."

"The Varahan Empire should have plenty of experts who can look into your situation." Wepetay said and patted his chest, "I have a bit of power as one of the closest aides of Lord MunuBuntara. With my influence, I can definitely find someone to heal…"

"I don't have the drive anymore," Inala interjected with an exhausted sigh as he stared at the sky, "Anyone who becomes strong has entered the Body Stage at a young age. That way, they retain their youthful body and mind. But in my case…" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He let out a forlorn breath, "Both my body and mind have aged. And with it, so did my desires. These days, I only wish to live a peaceful life and live out until I can no longer bear to be alive."

He then flexed his arms and patted them loudly, "I have plenty of stories from my youth. So, if you have kids, send them to me. I'll teach them while imparting to them my life skills."

'Indeed, Sir Binala is the most respected in the Noikatol Kingdom alongside Sir Kvirala. He has survived in the wilds for decades with only Spirit Stage strength. That experience is invaluable even to me, not to mention my children."

"I'll ask Lord MunuBuntara to build an academy where you can teach our next generation. It'll be our honour to seek your guidance and wisdom on various matters." Wepetay said without a hint of ego, truly seeking to better the lives of everyone, "All we have on our side is strength. Your experiences will truly be invaluable to our growth."

"I am happy you hold me in such a high regard." Inala said with a mildly choking tone, somewhat emotional as he continued, "Leave the next generation to me. I'll do everything in my capability to nurture them into their best version."

"Give me a couple of hours," Wepetay said and rushed somewhere. Soon, his deputy took his spot, intending to manage the Noikatol Kingdom for a few days.

Immediately after, Wepetay stared at Inala to say, "I'll lead you to the Varahan Empire."

"I appreciate your help." Inala didn't reject the offer and walked out of the room alongside Wepetay. They called it a room, but it was an open space with walls created using Rocky Intimidation. The climate was warm and dry most of the time, with it becoming hot from time to time.

Remaining indoors would be terrifying. As such, they build open structures to move around in, maintaining closed structures only for storage. A series of interconnected rings riddled the ground, with each spanning a radius of at least forty to fifty metres.

The walls were made using Rocky Intimidation, reaching a height of twenty metres. The maze-like ring structure was also built aerodynamically, ensuring the wind entering from the edge would go through all the rings without losing strength and keep the place ventilated.

There were similar ring structures meant to enclose large hers of Balghats that had been captured for the consumption of MunuBuntara. The resources required to feed and take care of them came through the railway from the Varahan Empire.

At regular intervals, Balghats were loaded onto the railway compartments after ensuring to make them activate their Primary Nature multiple times. Only after they were drained of Prana were they loaded onto the compartments.

This way, the railway could operate without risks. The Balghats, alongside other Pranic Beasts native to the Petrichor Savannah, would be consumed by MunuBuntara. He would then place a group of the respective Natures in the Human avatar of one of his subordinates and send him to the Noikatol Kingdom to transfer the Natures to the Free Humans managing the place.

From capturing, domesticating, and even breeding the Pranic Beasts, the Free Humans dispatched by MunuBuntara did everything. They also defended the Noikatol Kingdom from external harm. So, the Natures were just a portion of their payment.

Accompanying Wepetay, Inala arrived at a tall rocky mountain constructed purely out of the Rockatrice's Nature of Rocky Intimidation. He then entered it through a cave-like entrance that had been widened for the transfer of goods.

"We're keeping a reserve of at least four railways in the underground station." Wepetay said in pride, "The maintenance station there will inspect and repair the railways that arrive. And once they're ready, they'll make a trip to the Varahan Empire. There's a traffic of at least one railway a day."

Each railway had anywhere from twenty to fifty compartments. So, the sheer volume of goods being transported in and out of the Petrichor Savannah was tremendous.

'That MunuBuntara guy is raking in a lot of wealth through this transaction, since he pretty much controls this region.' Inala thought. The strongest existence on the Petrichor Savannah was an Iron Grade Pranic Beast. So, there was no force here capable of putting a halt to MunuBuntara's ambition.

Moreover, Inala noticed how MunuBuntara exercised retrain, ensuring he didn't pressure the native Iron Grade Pranic Beasts until they joined hands to form a horde on the level of a Minor Crisis or even worse, lead to Mutations that would cause dangerous Silver Grade existences to pop in their midst.

MunuBuntara was pumping food resources into the Petrichor Savannah, allowing the native Iron Grade Pranic Beasts to breed more thanks to the abundance of food. This meant they weren't discouraged when some of their newborns were captured by the Free Humans.

They fought to save their kin, but there were no adverse effects even if they were to lose a bunch, since they were making more now. 'It's a pretty precise calculation. If we're tallying the headcount, the overall population of the Pranic Beasts here has remained constant.'

'It means either MunuBuntara is smart, or he has a team of excellent advisors that allow him to plan strategically like this.' Inala concluded as he arrived at the Station, noticing a railway whose compartments were constructed from Decodus Tree wood. The joints and edges were lined with some metallic material.

The linings were made using an Iron Grade mineral but the important bolts consisted of various Silver Grade minerals, displaying the amount of wealth the Varahan Empire had invested into every compartment.

'Before anyone noticed, the Varahan Empire has become a behemoth and they're expanding rapidly to reach the level of the Brimgan Empire.' His expression was serious as he boarded the railway and walked to his compartment, a sixteen square metre room with a bed and a set of table and chair facing the large, glass window.

"I'm staying in the adjacent room," Wepetay said and walked away with his luggage, carrying a lot of souvenirs for his family, of which were woollen suits Inala had specifically woven for his wife and children. "Alright," Inala nodded and took a seat, watching the railway begin moving soon after. There was a mild pull of gravity in the tunnel which made the railway move. A team of drivers in the engine compartment used psychokinesis on the wheels to accelerate or decelerate when necessary, giving them better control over the travel process.

Noikatol Kingdom was 19,760 kilometres from the Varahan Empire. With the railway maintaining an average speed of eighty kilometres an hour, the journey time was approximately ten days, which was extremely fast.

Luminescent Moss had been planted throughout the tunnel and given regular maintenance. They were trimmed to ensure they didn't grow too big and interfered with the railway tracks. The Luminescent Moss were also varied in colours to keep the sights interesting for the passenger, an impressive detail from Yarsha Zahara that kept their long journeys decently fun.

Otherwise, travelling through an extended dark passageway or even a monochromatic one would take a mental toll on the passengers. However, that was only for the regular people. Inala simply used the time to chat with Wepetay and other passengers, all of whom were familiar faces, including the ones travelling from the Varahan Empire for either sightseeing or accompanying the goods.

Ten days passed in a jiffy as the railway began to decelerate. Immediately in response, Inala's heart rate began to accelerate, 'I'm here.'





Chapter 723  Sunken Basket Trading Partner

Dieng Canyon!Kenzar Echo stood atop one of the elevated mountains, leaning his back on a Baobab tree. He sat on his Homing Satellite and caused it to spin its rotors, assuming a state of flight. A few seconds later, the Royal Zinger appeared before him, carrying a large number of Biome Bombs strapped to his waist."How's the status here?" Inala asked as he looked around, observing the Zingers jumping from their spots to glide across the canyon airspace. Hung from their necks were items that they were meant to transport to the nearby regions."I have installed rock pillars along the route." Kenzar said before asking, his voice almost a whisper as he stared at the Biome Bombs hanging on Inala's hips, "What about the floating platforms?""We won't be revealing that," Inala shook his head, "This will remain an absolute secret of the Quip Clan."The Zingers were experts in climbing and gliding. Their Prana Bombs were also ranged projectiles that they hurled from safety in the air. However, the moment they enter close combat, they'd be destroyed by even Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.Therefore, to ensure they could travel from the Dieng Canyon to other regions, Kenzar had been actively creating Homing Satellites out of rock and moving them to the spots necessary.Each of these Homing Satellites was exactly 1152 metres tall, resembling a human at first glance. But upon closer inspection, they'd notice the face sported a protruding jaw while the neck was somewhat elongated. The arms and legs sported claws, menacing to see while a thin membrane trailed from the wrist to the hip before similarly extending to the ankle.It was Inala's Stage 2 Transformation of Wing!Kenzar was building Homing Satellites in Inala's image, made out of stone, using them as both a show of force and a mode of assurance to the Pranic Beasts they had formed trade deals with. The image wasn't accurate from a height perspective, since Inala only attained that height at the Mystic Grade in his Pranic Beast form.However, his Stage 2 Transformation of Wing was something he wielded while as a human. As a result, it could be said to be falsified information. But Kenzar focused on this aspect for a couple of reasons.The first reason was that these Homing Satellites were the easiest to create and were the most efficient in design from a Quip Clansman's perspective. So, his Prana functioned with this design the best.The second reason was to keep the Zingers calm as they left the Dieng Canyon and ventured forth into other territories. As long as they saw statues of Inala, they'd feel safe, which allowed them to travel long distances without worries.Extending from the Dieng Canyon were these Homing Satellites. Currently, followed by thunderous sounds upon each step, these Homing Satellites were walking through one of its neighbouring regions.After a certain distance, one of the Homing Satellites arrived at a halt, turning still as it assumed Prana saving mode. Unless the Key—which was a specific Zinger Shriek—was used on it, this Homing Satellite would never become active again, even if it was destroyed for unforeseen reasons.Once it had arrived at a halt, a small cloud formed by gliding Zingers brushed past it, latching Prana Bombs onto its surface. These Prana Bombs were filled with Prana, and placed here to act as a reservoir for the Zingers that would be travelling by this route in the future.The Prana Bombs were mostly placed on the upper back of the statue, keeping it beyond the reach of local Pranic Beasts. Depending on the type of Pranic Beasts present in the vicinity, the location where they'll latch on their reserve of Prana Bombs would vary.That wasn't all. In the stomach of Homing Satellite was a safe zone where the Zingers could seek temporary refuge. Currently, the space was empty, but as the years span past, the Zingers frequenting the route could gradually fill up the insides with all necessities.Every time the Zinger carried the goods to deliver to their location, they'd also carry a few Prana Bombs, some water, and any other item that they intended to place in the safety of the Homing Satellite.Once the first Homing Satellite stopped moving, and the Zingers had finished decorating it with Prana Bombs, the Zinger Commander in charge of it unleashed a loud shriek.Moreover, at every moment, at least a hundred Zingers would stay on the head of the Homing Satellite, keeping watch of their surroundings. There would definitely be a Zinger Commander in charge of the group, maintaining a chain of communication.Once the first Homing Satellite stopped moving, and the Zingers had finished decorating it with Prana Bombs, the Zinger Commander in charge of it unleashed a loud shriek.Some time later, the second Homing Satellite stopped, at a distance of twenty kilometres from the first Homing Satellite. A group of Zingers reached it by gliding from the first Homing Satellite, beginning to decorate it too.This route had some tailwind, allowing the Zingers to glide a longer distance by taking advantage of the Homing Satellite's height. Depending on the terrain, the distance between successive Homing Satellites varied.The number of Homing Satellites decreased steadily as they alighted at their respective spots. Eventually, the final Homing Satellite stopped before a great depression in the ground, one that seemed to have formed from an asteroid strike.The shortest distance between two of the closest points on the crater reached 400 kilometres, with the longest distance surpassing 600 kilometres. Loose soil covered its rim, akin to a desert while the crater was a murky swamp.Sunken Basket!Due to the crater's boundaries that make it hard to move, most Pranic Beasts avoided this region except for a few Gold Grade Pranic Beasts that regularly treated the place as their hunting ground.Home to a variety of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, predated by small groups of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, Sunken Basket was extremely dangerous for the average cultivator. Only someone as strong as a Brimgan Royal could afford to explore the place.They'll have to be on the level of a Prince or Princess to treat the Sunken Basket as their playground. For the rest of the Free Humans, entering this place spelt their death.The Homing Satellite slowly walked through the uphill desert and arrived at a stop towards the peak, one from where it could peer into the Sunken Basket without effort. The moment it arrived at a stop, a Silver Grade Pranic Beast exited the swamp and walked towards it, appearing brave.Its brethren remained within the swamp, hiding right underneath its murky surface, their gazes trained on their brave brethren sent out as a scout.Previously, Kenzar Echo had arrived at the region to discuss with the dominant Silver Grade Pranic Beast groups. They fought at the start and were forced to listen once Kenzar beat them up. Following that, when he explained the trading system, the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were startled.They couldn't understand why such a powerful existence that could easily subdue them bothered with such an elaborate excuse. However, since their lives had been spared, they intended to see how it went.The Pranic Beast that left the swamp resembled an alligator but sported a dozen tails, the ends of which held pearls, murky green in colour, covered by cloud patterns. Though these pearls appeared beautiful, they had no functionality.Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Ghatyra!Adult Ghatyra reached a length of thirty metres and had a wide jaw, almost resembling an excavator.In truth, they were similar to the pearls of clams in that they irritated the appendages of these Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. Their mouths could both dig through the earth and clamp upon their prey to crush it into a paste with one bite.But as they only have incisors and canines, they were unable to chew on their prey, having to rely on swallowing their prey whole. When they do, most of the unwanted substances that their body is unable to eject through excreta will gradually be concentrated at the end of their tails.They'll have to regularly remove these pearls, otherwise, their digestive and circulatory system will be bombarded by their immune system until they develop a severe rash and die brutal deaths.Typically, they'll extract the pearls once they have formed fully and dump them as far away as possible. After all, these pearls were toxic to them, so even consuming them by mistake would lead to a severe rash.Hence, every single Ghatyra would spend hours every day digging beyond the Sunken Basket, which places their lives at risk. After all, they weren't agile on land and became vulnerable to Pranic Beasts that were mobile on land.Hence, Kenzar's solution was a welcoming offer to them. Not only did he propose to buy these pearls from them for a price, but he also promised to pay them in Prana Bombs—Prana Bombs filled with Prana.The Ghatyra approached the Homing Satellite bravely while a clump of sludge hovered above it. This sludge acted as a container, for it was considered its Spirit Weapon. Under control of its psychokinesis, the clump of sludge landed on the desert soil and unfurled to reveal four hundred pearls inside.Kriek!Followed by a shriek, a cloud of Zingers arrived and landed on the Homing Satellite, making it their nest. One among them was a tad larger, sporting unique characteristics. It leapt from the Homing Satellite and glided across the air before landing a few metres away from the Ghatyra.It was a Quip Zinger. Upon landing, it reverted to human form, approached the surprised Ghatyra and picked up one of the pearls. Upon inspection, the Quip Clansman stared at the Ghatyra and nodded, opening his mouth to speak the native language with a somewhat awkward accent.[As you might have discussed with Sir Kenzar, we'll purchase these Ghatyra Pearls at an exchange rate of one Prana Bomb per every forty Ghatyra Pearls.]The Ghatyra watched as the Quip Clansman used psychokinesis to bring in ten Prana Bombs filled with a hundred units of Prana each and placed them before it. He then placed the Ghatyra Pearls in a container and handed them to one of the Zingers behind him.After being in a daze for a few seconds, the Ghatyra approached a Prana Bomb and swallowed it, using its monstrous strength to crush it like it was a brittle egg. As the Prana-rich fluid flowed down its throat, it closed its eyes, relishing the taste.After all, just by consuming that one Prana Bomb, it could recover 100 units of Prana in a few hours. Considering its stomach capacity, it could ingest enough Prana Bombs to recover its Prana reserves completely in a single sitting, which was extremely advantageous when these groups fought against Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.Seeing that the transaction was conducted fairly, the other Ghatyra hiding in the swamp surfaced, bringing a large batch of Ghatyra Pearls each. Upon seeing them, the Quip Clansman smiled happily and began exchanging the pearls with Prana Bombs.From a value standpoint, the Ghatyra race was being ripped off. However, the Ghatyra Pearls were toxic to the Ghatyra. So in their minds, not only did they get someone who could safely dispose of this toxic substance but they were also being paid with Prana Bombs for the same. How could one refuse such a lucrative offer?One after another, the Ghatyra came to exchange their Ghatyra Pearls while a group of them exited the Sunken Basket to head towards their usual dumping spot. Millions of Ghatyra Pearls had been dumped there for thousands of years. That deposit alone would give them incomparable wealth in terms of Prana Bombs, using which they could finally exact revenge on the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts constantly targeting them.[The Quip Clan offers three services.]The Quip Clansman said after buying a batch of Ghatyra Pearls, staring at the crowd of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts that had gathered before him.[First, we'll purchase items such as the Ghatyra Pearls using Prana Bombs. Second, if you wish to stock up on Prana Bombs in times of peace, we'll give you empty Prana Bombs that can be filled up using your Prana. We'll charge a fifteen percent commission for doing so. Third, you can use Prana Bombs or their equivalent to purchase any item from the goods we sell.]Saying so, he pulled up a long scroll containing a drawing that made sense to the Ghatyra. It contained a large variety of resources, including Elixirs that the young Ghatyra could consume to raise their Prana capacity faster during times of conflict.They now had the choice. As the Ghatyra stared at the seemingly endless list, their eyes spun before expressions of excitement filled their beings, giving them the ambition of evolution. Upon seeing that the list also contained Free Humans, they began to make plans to form their Ravaged Tribe and expand beyond the Sunken Basket.'It's going exactly as our Deity predicted.' The Quip Clansman thought in awe as the reaction of the race of Ghatyra was well within expectations, 'With this, the Sunken Basket has become our trading partner.'n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 724  Making Trade Agreements On All Fronts

Krakhan Kingdom!

Situated 820 kilometres from the Sunken Basket, it was established by a powerful noble family who fled from the Brimgan Empire a millennium ago. During the Royal Selection ceremony, the Prince they supported didn't succeed, making them the losing side.

Their opposition began to crush them from all sides, prompting them to pack all their belongings and flee the Empire. The Brimgan Empire had a strange rule that any powerful faction that was part of the losing side in the Empire's political war could seek asylum.

The Grand Minister would grant them permission to leave the Brimgan Empire with their dignity intact, including all the resources they had accumulated over their lifetime. This allowed them to establish a Kingdom at a suitable location and begin accumulating power there.

The Brimgan Empire would even support their endeavour. This was left as a way out for the losing side, preventing them from going all out in a mutually destructive path. Thereby, even the most vicious of internal conflicts in the Brimgan Empire didn't destroy them.

Instead, all it resulted in was the creation of multiple Free Human Kingdoms. The Ganrimb Kingdom established at the Sanrey Plains by Fhoong Brimgan was one such example.

At first, it seemed like the Brimgan Empire had established this rule only to minimise damage from internal conflict. However, there were other factors at play.

These Kingdoms, such as the Ganrimb Kingdom would take the Brimgan Empire's culture as a base and derive their own way of life out of it, based on the region's survival conditions. The Kings of these Kingdoms would maintain contact with the Brimgan Empire, no matter how infrequent the point of contact was.

Moreover, these Free Human Kingdoms will have a better foundation than other Free Human Kingdoms, as the founders hailed from the Brimgan Empire, carrying a great number of resources, cultivation techniques, Skills for each cultivation technique, etc.

Using that as the foundation, these Kingdoms developed further. And the stronger they got, the greater the influence of Free Humans became. This was the Brimgan Empire's motive.

Through these Free Human Kingdoms, they expanded their sphere of influence. Moreover, as a Free Human utopia, ambitious travellers from these Free Humans would eventually travel to the Brimgan Empire, where they'll transfer the Empire all their knowledge during the process of gaining citizenship.

The Brimgan Empire collected all the relevant knowledge. Most of the time, the cultivation techniques of the Kingdoms would have been improved extensively from the time the founders left the Brimgan Empire.

The librarians of the Brimgan Empire would then update the respective techniques, further increasing their pool of knowledge. This created a harmonious cycle, further cementing the Brimgan Empire's reputation as the leader of the Free Humans.

The Brimgan Empire had been doing this for more than an era. A good majority of the Kingdoms in this portion of Sumatra Continent could be traced back to the Brimgan Empire.

The Krakhan Kingdom was one such place, established around the same time as the Ganrimb Kingdom by another prince who had lost the successor race.

Now, as the Krakhan King, he dominated the region with his strength capable of killing a Gold Grade Pranic Beast in a one-on-one battle. Before fleeing, he was given enough Rutham to reach the 10-Life Stage.

If he fails to do so, he could transfer the excess Rutham to his successor. And once he dies, the Rutham could be extracted from his corpse, allowing his successor to continue cultivating. This way, the Krakhan Kingdom always had a terrifying Gold Grade existence protecting them, ensuring the longevity of the Kingdom. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Situated on a flat plan ridden with a million ponds, the Krakhan Kingdom was decently blessed with resources, enough for large colonies of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts to exist. As a result, every war between the two sides was brutal, resulting in catastrophic deaths on both sides.

Having been constantly fighting powerful opponents, the Krakhan Kingdom was battle-hardened, with its culture primarily revolving around strength and fights. As a result, they were always on the lookout for ways to grow stronger.

However, the Gold Grade mineral traces present in their region were too faint and uneconomical for extraction even if they only intended to cultivate one Gold Grade existence. Hence, it was always one of their wishes.

Connecting a series of dozen ponds was a cluster of bridges that were interwoven to form the Krakhan Kingdom's castle. The architecture style here was primarily based on bridges due to the sheer number of ponds that existed.

Seated in the throne room, occupying the ruler's seat was Filt Brimgan, having renamed himself Mekta Krakhan after establishing the Krakhan Kingdom. His expression was a frown as he stared at his ministers in a heated discussion.

"It's extremely foolish to trust those Pranic Beasts, especially the Zingers. They are nothing but sneaky bandits!" One of the ministers roared.

"That was in the past!" Another minister refuted coldly, "Now they're backed by the Quip Clan. And we all have heard about the existence guarding them."

"So what?" An opposing minister snorted, "That existence is a Pranic Beast! And the force under him is a Clan! None of them are Free Humans! So, why the heck should we trade with someone like that?"

He then stared at Mekta Krakhan to bow and request with a loud voice, "I plead with His Majesty to slaughter the Zingers that dare set foot in our territory."

"I see," Finally, once the argument reached its zenith, Mekta Krakhan opened his mouth, his booming presence silencing all the ministers. His cold, serpentine gaze trailed across the opposing ministers as he said, "So, the lot of you expect me to antagonise the Royal Zinger, one bearing the title of Sumatra's First Calamity."

"Is that it?"

"No…we didn't mean it like that…" The minister who was the most vocal with his opposition stammered when there was a golden flash, following which his severed head rolled on the floor.

"Please spare us, Your Majesty!" All the ministers, including the ones in favour of the trade agreement, jumped out of their seats and prostrated on the floor, facing his direction, "We went overboard."

"Do you guys know why I killed him?" Mekta Krakhan asked coldly, his every word causing the ministers to shudder in fear. Seeing them remain mum, he calmly said his reasoning, "I have given the lot of you honour as ministers to ensure my Kingdom can one day become an Empire."

"What I seek is your knowledge, input, and ideas for the various situations we face." His voice turned a notch colder, "But that's all I want from you. Opinions, that's it."

He calmly stared at the dead minister, "I don't need any of you to tell me what to do. Have I made myself clear?"

"Y-Yes, Your Majesty!" The ministers shouted at the top of their lungs, barely stopping themselves from crying aloud, unable to handle the voracious presence billowing out of Mekta Krakhan from the moment he started to speak.

"Take a seat," He retracted his presence and stared at the minister who seemed in favour of the trade agreement, "Why do you propose we work with such a risky race?"

"It's to grow stronger, Your Majesty." Once the minister regained his bearings, he calmed down and spoke his point, "The Zinger race can bring us resources from regions far beyond our reach. Since I had the privilege to converse with Sir Kenzar, I could glimpse at their list."

He inhaled a deep breath before stating, "Through them, we can even purchase goods from the Brimgan Empire!"

"What?" Mekta Krakhan got up with a start at the news, "Is this the truth?"

"Unfortunately, we have no way to verify their claims until we receive goods from the Brimgan Empire." The minister bowed before staring at the Krakhan King with a helpless smile, "And I'm afraid only His Majesty knows if the goods hail from the Brimgan Empire or not."

After a few minutes of silence, Mekta Krakhan announced to the ministers, "Contact the Zingers and summon them here."

A few days later, four Zinger Aristocrats entered the Krakhan Kingdom, accompanied by forty Quip Zingers, all in human forms. The one in the lead was a Zinger Aristocrat who went by the name of Pyatu.

Hailing from the first generation of the Quip Clan, Pyatu was currently in the 3-Life Stage, on the verge of entering the 4-Life Stage soon. Her expression was graceful as she entered the throne room with her entourage and bowed before Mekta Krakhan, "The Zinger Race greets the Krakhan King."

There was a pause in Pyatu's expression before easing up. She made eye contact with Mekta Krakhan and asked, "Does His Majesty know of our Deity's identity?"

"The Royal Zinger, yes." Mekta Krakhan nodded, pondering for a bit before saying, "I also know the Royal Zinger is feared as the First Calamity and its human form is named Inala."

"I heard you sell even goods from the Brimgan Empire. Tell me," Mekta Krakhan's expression turned fierce, "How can mere Clansmen live after entering the Brimgan Empire?"

There was a pause in Pyatu's expression before easing up. She made eye contact with Mekta Krakhan and asked, "Does His Majesty know of our Deity's identity?"

"The Royal Zinger, yes." Mekta Krakhan nodded, pondering for a bit before saying, "I also know the Royal Zinger is feared as the First Calamity and its human form is named Inala."

"Yes, you're right. But, our Deity also has a second identity," Pyatu let out a smile as she observed the Krakhan King's expression freeze in response, "The Brimgan Guardian!"

"What?" Mekta Krakhan shouted in shock, "The Brimgan Guardian? That's impossible! It has been some time since I left that place, but the Brimgan Empire I know will slaughter any Clansman or Pranic Beast that dares enter its premises."

"That's true, that has, is, and will always be the way the Brimgan Empire exists as the Free Human utopia." Pyatu laughed, "It is why I asked if His Majesty was aware of our Deity's second identity."

"Stop beating about the bush and reveal it already!" Mekta Krakhan growled, on the verge of killing the Clansmen before him.

Understanding his mood, Pyatu didn't drag on any further and stated solemnly, "Our Deity's second identity is Amita Brimgan."

Seeing Mekta Krakhan's eyes widen in shock, she continued, "Since you're from the same generation, I'm sure you know of Fhoong Brimgan."

"Yes, he's my cousin." Mekta Krakhan nodded, "What about him?"

"Amita Brimgan is his granddaughter." Pyatu nodded, "And that's why the Zinger Race can trade with the Brimgan Empire."

"Of course, we can't do it openly. So, we use the Mystic Humans as an intermediary." Pyatu said and approached Mekta Krakhan, bowing slightly as she presented a box containing a piece of Rutham, "We have already prepared an Information Slip for everything you might need. It has the signature of the Brimgan Royal who's representing the Brimgan Empire while trading with us."

Mekta Krakhan accessed the Information Slip and gained knowledge of many things that he was puzzled about. He then accessed the list of goods and services provided in the Information Slip, asking Pyatu in the end, "So, you guys can also deliver my messages to the Brimgan Empire."

"We can't deliver it to the intended person directly. We can only give it to one of the Brimgan Royals listed in the Information Slip." Pyatu nodded, "It's not in our hands beyond that. So, we cannot guarantee that your information will reach the individual. But we can assure you that the Information Slip will reach one of the listed Brimgan Royals."

'It takes more than a year for the message to reach the Brimgan Empire from here.' Mekta Krakhan saw the exorbitant price listed for the delivery charges, 'I can afford to send them once every five years. That should be enough to regain contact and keep in touch with my uncle.'

"Your Majesty, if you please," Pyatu said and opened a suitcase, revealing neatly placed Ghatyra Pearls, "This is one of our newest items."

"Ghatyra Pearls?" Mekta Krakhan recognised the item and observed their price on the list, "Every pearl costs the price of a Prana Bomb?"

"It's extremely cheap, if I have to say so myself, since it's a Silver Grade mineral." Pyatu said, "Each pearl is the size of our thumb. So, we won't be needing much to fill up a Human Avatar."

'The costs will quickly reach sky high if I were to raise an army of Silver Grade cultivators.' Mekta Krakhan frowned as he stared at Pyatu, 'Did she purposefully showcase it to me while being aware that I have a suitable cultivation technique that can make use of Ghatyra Pearls to forge a Human Avatar?'

'That information is supposed to be confidential. How did she come to know about it?' For a moment, he silently observed the ministers, 'Did one of them leak the information after receiving a fat bribe?'

The likelihood of it seemed high considering the sheer resources displayed on the Pyatu's list. So, with her wealth, she could have bought her way into the opinions of the ministers, which allowed her to stand in the throne room.

'It seems the Quip Clan is a behemoth beyond my wildest imaginations.' If even he, a prince from the Brimgan Empire had such an opinion, the regular populace of his Kingdom would have an even bloated perspective about the Quip Clan.

'Things are changing in this era. If we don't keep up, we'll be swept by the tides.' Thinking as such, Mekta Krakhan stared at Pyatu, "The Krakhan Kingdon will accept a trade agreement with the Quip Clan."

"But first, there are some terms we need to discuss."

"But of course, Your Majesty." Pyatu bowed formally, "It's our pleasure."



Chapter 725  Power of Trade

"It's a success," Pyatu muttered once she exited the Krakhan Kingdom, holding in her hand a trade agreement signed between the two parties. Majority of the goods purchased by the Krakhan Kingdom were special minerals that weren't available in the region.

They had even begun to procure a Gold Grade mineral in small quantities, intending to accumulate enough of it by the time they finalise the cultivation technique required to cultivate it.

The Quip Clan was selling cultivation techniques too. Amita Brimgan had accessed a lot of cultivation techniques during her time at the Brimgan Empire. Similarly, Yarsha Zahara had also been in a similar position and had access to a variety of cultivation techniques.

These were all in the Quip Clan's possession. Moreover, they were actually providing an exorbitant price for the purchase of cultivation techniques from Kingdoms. Any Kingdom that was short on funds could sell its cultivation techniques for a price that was fat enough to elevate its national budget by hundreds of times.

The currency the Quip Clan used to trade was Prana Bombs, since they were the easiest currency unit to use other than Parute Fruits. Actually, considering their shelf life and structural integrity, Prana Bombs were more preferred.

This price could be generalised and spread across Sumatra Continent without worries, relevant everywhere they expand their services.

Parute Fruits only had a shelf life of one year, after all. So, they cannot be hoarded. But that wasn't the case with Prana Bombs, so they were preferred in the long term. This alone gave the Quip Clan a powerful incentive.

They could price everything using Prana Bombs!

This price could be generalised and spread across Sumatra Continent without worries, relevant everywhere they expand their services.

There were plenty of struggling Free Human Kingdoms that were desperate for money and resources. From these Kingdoms, the Quip Clan purchased cultivation techniques and Skills of the respective techniques.

The Quip Clan played around with their pricing system, ensuring they could maximise their profits as much as possible while keeping their buyers and sellers content. But only when it came to cultivation techniques that Inala told them to avoid profits and to buy it for as high a price as possible.

They were given orders to purchase even at prices where the Quip Clan made a loss, just as a show of effort to the innovators who created cultivation techniques. He also ensured to keep the prices of cultivation techniques affordable, giving a chance for the weak Free Human Kingdoms to purchase them and pave the way towards a better life.

But this was the only field the Quip Clan remained considerate.

Pyatu slowly walked until she was out of sight from the Krakhan Kingdom. She looked around sneakily, observing no one in sight, whether a Free Human, Pranic Beast, and especially a Parute Tree.

Only after that did she take out a Biome Bomb from her pocket and unleash a mild Zinger Shriek. Immediately in response, the Biome Bomb expanded two strings of Prana and spun them, resembling the rotors of a helicopter to assume flight.

One second later, the Royal Zinger appeared beside them, observing the surroundings before deciding not to erase the target. Only after deactivating the Major Treasure of Flight was Inala's figure visible to Pyatu and others.

The Major Treasure of Flight had all the powers of the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye. However, the rules acted more or less as a restriction. As for being undetectable, this wasn't a power Inala could use for his convenience.

Similar to the power to erase, this power too was limited to the Hidden Eye's original functions. While the power of being undetectable was active, Inala was unable to use any of his powers. The only power he could use was that of erasing a target in flight.

So, his choice then was to either erase the target or deactivate the power, only after which could he use his original powers. And the moment he chooses either option, his figure will be revealed to everyone, preventing him from sneak attacking whoever he pleases.

To achieve that, he would have to modify the functions of the Major Treasure of Flight. But Inala refrained from taking such a risk. If he fails, he'd lose the Major Treasure itself. Inala couldn't take that risk, especially since the chances of failure were exceedingly high.

It wasn't an issue, as he could at least remain in stealth while appearing before a target in flight, protecting him from sneak attacks. And the entity he was targeting would be unable to move, feeling as if time had stopped around them. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The power of the Influenced Region of Hidden Eye was tremendous. It was why Inala retained everything as is and only incorporated the rule that it was now a Royal Zinger exclusive power. That was his limit.

"How did it go?" Inala asked as he stared at Pyatu, breaking into a smile once the latter gave him the trade agreement, "Well done. That makes another powerful Kingdom our trading partner."

"Thank you," Pyatu beamed, elated to be praised by her Deity. She then informed him of all the details through a Zinger Shriek, especially the layout of the region and the path the Homing Satellites could take to arrive at the Krakhan Kingdom, "We have three possible routes. And in all routes, we have trade deals with a few forces."

"None of them border each other, right?" Inala asked, particular about this issue.

"Yes," Pyatu nodded.

Inala didn't want the Quip Clan to trade with neighbouring forces, especially ones in opposition. That would form a negative reputation since these forces could use their wealth to purchase resources from the Quip Clan and use it destructively against their enemies.

Hence, the forces being traded with by the Quip Clan were far apart from each other, even including Pranic Beasts and Free Humans. This way, no two forces can use the resources of the Quip Clan to war with each other.

And in the region where the Krakhan Kingdom was situated, their only trading partner was this Kingdom. There were suitable Silver Grade Pranic Beast groups in the region and the surrounding regions that could become valuable trading partners.

However, since they were involved in attacking the Krakhan Kingdom, Inala told the Quip Clan to avoid talking to them.

Basically, all forces—whether allies or enemies—to the Krakhan Kingdon weren't part of the Quip Clan's trading list. This rule applied to all their trading partners, including Ravaged Tribes.

It might seem like the Quip Clan was missing out on a lot of potential customers, but to ensure the Quip Clan's name was a positive one, Inala was adamant about this setup. Moreover, the Sumatra Continent was just so big that even with their current rate of expansion, it might take them millions of years before they'd be trading with every region on the Continent.

There was also one more reason that Inala had for this setup—one needs to be worthy to trade with the Quip Clan.

This was the message he intended to spread throughout all trading regions. Any force that can trade with the Quip Clan will experience exponential growth. And with growth comes an exertion of influence.

Take the Krakhan Kingdom, for example. As they purchase Silver Grade minerals in bulk, they'd expand their fighting strength with Silver Grade cultivators. Using powerful cultivation techniques, they could increase their variety of Cultivators, using their strength diversity to be prepared against a series of challenges.

Their strengths would increase while their weaknesses would reduce. This will make the Krakhan Kingdom harder to penetrate. With new techniques, minerals, medicines, Elixirs, etc. funnelling into the Krakhan Kingdom, it was just a matter of time before they began to dominate the region.

Once this happens, all the forces opposing them would be either wiped out or forced into submission until they had no hope for the future. In such a case, they'd band together to destroy the Krakhan Kingdom.

And once the Krakhan Kingdom is destroyed, they'd fight with each other to be chosen as the Quip Clan's trading partner. The core cause for the entire conflict is to become the Quip Clan's trading partner.

The more these types of conflict happen, the greater the Quip Clan's value grows. And the more the value grows, the harder the backlash the Varahan Empire will face once they target the Quip Clan.

After all, the vested interests of too many forces will depend on the Quip Clan. The trading partners will feel nervous, since without the endless support from the Quip Clan, they'd no longer be able to suppress all opposing forces in their region as they had been doing until then.

So, to safeguard their interests, they'd take up arms against the Varahan Empire, resulting in a war on the levels of a Major Disaster.

This was what Inala was achieving here, with the process proceeding without hiccups until now. He stared at Pyatu and nodded, "Wait here until the Homing Satellites arrive. Until then, keep scouting the region for more knowledge on the terrain, the migration habits of the Pranic Beasts, and the seasonal changes."

Seeing Pyatu nod in response, Inala disappeared, appearing beside the Biome Bomb in flight. This Biome Bomb was maintained next to Kenzar, who was the individual responsible for developing the entire trade network.

"Krakhan Kingdom," Inala said and transmitted all the related information through an Information Slip, "Begin sending Homing Satellites to it."

"Yes," Kenzar nodded and began preparations.





Chapter 726  Weapon Target

Carrying a Biome Bome holding a Bolt of Transcendence was Kenzar, relying upon this energy source to constantly create as many Homing Satellites as he required for the task at hand.

Standing beside him was Inala, his gaze pretty much vacant, one depicting child-like innocence as he grabbed a Biome Bomb hung at the side of his hip and gently released his hold over it.

The Biome Bomb hovered at the same spot even without a tether. He extended his index finger and poked it gently, watching it move away in response, the distance of its motion perfectly constrained by the laws of conservation of momentum and air resistance.

He slowly poked the Biome Bomb until satisfaction, observing they moved accordingly in the direction in which he applied force. For close to two hours, he played like a newborn baby that was still in the process of nurturing its sentience.

Gradually, clarity returned to his eyes as he stared at the sky and grinned. He grabbed the Biome Bomb and hurled it with all his might after assuming his Stage 2 Transformation of Wing, gaining the muscular strength of the Royal Zinger in his arms.

Leaving behind a gust of wind, the Biome Bomb flew to reach a height of eight hundred metres when it lost all its momentum. However, it didn't fall down but instead maintained its altitude.

Influenced Region—Floating Biome!

This was the Influenced Region created by the Major Treasure of Flight, using which Inala could produce Biome Bombs that could hover in the air without any tether. There was no material change when the influence of the Major Treasure of Flight was seeped into a terrain. All it gained was the property to float in the air.

As a result, unless it hovered in the air, it was indistinguishable from a regular material.

Inala continued to throw them into the sky, simply making note of how much effort he had to unleash to throw the Biome Bombs to a certain height. He performed this action all the time to collate his growing strength.

The strength of the Royal Zinger was concentrated in its arms the most. Therefore, if his throwing range increases, it means his strength as the Royal Zinger was increasing too. As a result, playing around with projectiles was one of his pastimes.

Once Inala had experimented to his heart's content, he assumed flight and arrived at an altitude of eight kilometres from the ground level of the Deing Canyon. The air was still breathable at this altitude. Hence, after some thought, he flew even higher, carrying with him a truckload of Gold Biome Bombs.

Secondary Nature—Perfect Biome Domination!

The Biome Bombs began to morph, transforming into puzzle piece blocks. Each piece had enough depth to form three layers of puzzles. And with the patterns, Inala could create a stronger whole by combining the three puzzle layers.

Since it was just piecing the blocks in their respective slots, it was easy to disassemble and reassemble when necessary. And if the situation necessitated to strengthen them even further, the Biome Bombs could automatically unleash Prana Stitch to hold each other together better.

Each Biome Bomb was only the size of his thumb, filled with compressed rock to form a steady platform. Once they were ready, Inala approached a cloud and entered it.

Tertiary Nature—Prana Stitch! Little by little, he stitched the cloud to the platform that now spanned a length and breadth of 100 metres. Now, the platform was perfectly hidden within the cloud. Using it as a base, Inala stuck Mystic Biome Bombs on it, gradually forming multiple layers on the platform until the eventual structure resembled a cubical lattice.

These Mystic Biome Bombs had proper habitats, meant for the Zingers to live and prosper. Moreover, once Inala enters the Life Stage and experiences an increase in the Spirit Weapon Range, he could automatically expand the space within the Mystic Biome Bombs.

He had Perfect Biome Domination. It allowed him to expand the space in the Biome Bombs without disturbing the existing setup in the slightest. Once he finished building the nest, Inala took out an orb—a Biome Bomb containing a Bolt of Transcendence—and placed it in the centre of the lattice. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

It would serve as a source of power for the operation of the entire lattice, when necessary. Otherwise, it would simply serve as a reservoir of Prana for emergency purposes.

All the Mystic Biome Bombs were connected, creating a large world. Currently, the Mystic Biome Bombs were only spheres with a radius of 179 metres each, but when Inala reached the 10-Life Stage, he first planned to expand their space to ten times the current radius.

He could also use Prana Stitch to further strengthen them, but if he were to do so already, it would be hard to expand them once he progresses through the Life Stage. It might become unstable during the process.

Hence, he refrained from doing that for the time being.

Now, hidden amidst the cloud that would remain in the same spot for eternity, unless destroyed by an external force, was a large nest of the Quip Clan.

The skies of the Dieng Canyon were covered by clouds most of the time. And such a small cloud at such height wouldn't strike as odd to any foreign entity. It was why he selected this spot.

Once the first nest was completed, Inala flew far away and began constructing a second nest within another random cloud at a similar altitude of eight kilometres from the surface.

Each nest would be situated atop an elevated mountain in the Dieng Canyon. If a Quip Clansman intended to travel to the nest, they would have to board a Biome Bomb left on the mountain.

Once boarded, the Flying Biome would release faint gusts of air to generate thrusts and gradually elevate itself to an altitude of eight kilometres. Upon reaching the height, it would shrink itself to thumb-sized until the space within it synchronised with the space in the nest.

The entrance would open and allow the Quip Clansman to enter the nest through a tunnel connecting the two. And when they want to leave, they'd enter the same Floating Biome and descend slowly as it releases faint thrusts of air.

Transporting resources between the nest and the Dieng Canyon will also be performed in the same fashion, making the nests not only a safe spot for the Quip Clan to live but also a natural fortress.

Each mountain on the Deing Canyon would only have one Floating Biome, limiting the number of travellers per journey. Moreover, if any foreign enemies were detected, the Biome Bombs could absorb their Prana and Lifespan. These Floating Biomes were harmless only to Quip Clansmen.

"Now, go!" Inala used Prana Stitch to stitch together a cloud onto a Mystic Biome Bomb. Once four Quip Zingers entered it, he latched an orb to it for energy supply and sent it flying.

Cloud Ships!

They were Inala's most prized travel method, as not only were they decently fast, but they were also impossible to detect due to their altitude in a world without flying existences. As the Cloud Ship continued to fly, the Quip Zingers would observe everything from the sky and record using the Piezo Slip Skill.

Once they obtain enough information, one of them would create a mechanical fan that would assume flight and summon the Royal Zinger. Inala would gather all their data and compile them for research and subsequent developmental plans.

Inala allowed four Quip Zingers to travel per each Cloud Ship to prevent them from dying out of boredom. Besides, it wasn't unpleasant to have people to share things with, joke around, etc.

Depending on their destination, the amount of Prana used to form the Bolt of Transcendence varied. Of the thousands of Cloud Ships that had been sent to scout the place, only one had a complete Bolt of Transcendence.

Inala attached the greatest importance to this Cloud Ship, having dispatched two thousand Quip Zingers, 80 Zinger Aristocrats, and the expedition's leader, Zaihaya, the Zinger Princess.

This expedition team's objective was Kalahatra Desert, one of the most barren regions in Sumatra where life couldn't grow. It wasn't an artificial region like the Ennoudu Plans that was created by the Mystic Tentacles to guard the Parute King Seed.

Kalahatra Desert was devoid of life, a place so dangerous that even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts couldn't survive past a month without preparations. It was dry, billowing with intense heat surpassing volcanic emissions. The sand was similar to the Sandy-Grey Void in being a quicksand.

There was nothing of value there. No Parute Trees, no valuable resources, nothing. However, the reason Inala dispatched a Cloud Ship to such a dangerous location was due to the fact that the Kalahatra Desert would become the focus of attention in the upcoming decade.

It was where the Armoury existed, one constantly moving around the desert, collecting Spirit Weapons. And a bit more than a decade later, its position would be revealed thanks to the beam unleashed by the Major Treasure of Weapon.

Inala was finally prepared to begin plans for the Third Major Disaster.





Chapter 727  Empyrean Boar Aurora

After a long journey through the underground railway, Inala watched as the speeding surroundings gradually arrived to a halt. One of the staff responsible for the railway walked through the compartments, announcing their arrival, "We've arrived at the Varahan Empire!"

"We've arrived at the Varahan Empire!"

"How was your journey?" The moment Inala alighted from the railway, Wepetay approached him with a smile, luggage in hand.

"I don't think I'll ever become bored of it." Inala laughed, "It's beyond my wildest imagination to journey safely through Sumatra, that too with endless refreshments coming my way."

"You're exactly right!" Wepetay stared up slightly in pride, "I have been living here for a decent time, but I have yet to become used to the sheer convenience of this place."

He then muttered with a somewhat sullen tone, "It's just that my kids take it for granted, since they were born here."

"But you're happy they can grow sheltered, right?" Inala stared at Wepetay and patted him on the shoulder, "We're struggling just to ensure a safe future for our kids."

And that line, Inala wasn't kidding. It was neither an act nor a part of his scheme. He genuinely wanted to create a future for his children. As the Royal Zinger, every Quip Clansman was pretty much an extension of him. So technically, they could be considered his bloodline.

Everyone cultivating Mystic Royal Art was accumulating Royal Zinger genes in their genetic information gradually, which brought them closer and closer to him as kin. His thoughts too were changing accordingly.

Unlike his Mammoth Clan self, the current Inala, as the Royal Zinger was responsible for the entire Zinger Race, worshipped by the latter as their Deity. Therefore, he had responsibilities that came with the role.

And creating a safe future for the survival of the Zinger race was his goal. Before his arrival, the Zingers weren't harmed as a race. The Dieng Canyon was their home and though many Zingers lost their lives fighting the entities travelling through the Dieng Canyon, the population of the Zingers was never affected.

Inala integrating himself with them placed the Zingers in the Celestial Boar's radar, bringing danger to their survival as a race. As a result, the responsibility weighed on Inala's shoulders to better their lives as much as possible.

'I'm only doing this for our survival. Please, don't hold it against it.' For a moment, he stared at the back of Wepetay, mentally weeping for the latter. Based on their interaction until now, Inala knew that Wepetay was a genuinely good person who resonated with the struggles of his past and treated all Free Humans amicably to the best of his capability. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He never allowed power to get to his head, performed his work admirably, and was never biased in praising the people working under him.

'If I had been born in a Free Human Kingdom and was absorbed into the Varahan Empire, I would be similar to him.' Inala thought as his eyes moistened a little, imagining Wepetay's future, 'He hasn't done any wrong. It's just that he's on the other side. Nothing more, nothing less.'

His expression gradually hardened as Inala firmed his thoughts, mentally preparing himself to brutally destroy the lives of Wepetay and countless other innocents like him just because they were a part of the Varahan Empire.

It started as a fight between the Empyrean Boars and the Empyrean Tusks. But now, it had evolved into a one-versus-all situation, with the Varahan Empire being the strongest of them all. Unless they weren't stopped, they'll swallow everything in their paths.

'The greatest of Empires always crumbled from within.' Inala recalled a famous saying from Earth, for that was the core principle with which he had formed his current plan. An internal conflict that would eventually result in a civil war that would raze down the mighty existence called the Varahan Empire.

'When that happens, Brangara would spend all his time and resources on damage control. He can't simply leave it to Yarsha Zahara as he does now.' Inala thought as his walk was met with silence, soon filled by hard-paced footsteps from other people.

The railway station was practically endless as Inala could see hundreds of railway tunnels, with more than half having railways that had arrived at their destination. Flocks of people dressed in all sorts of attire, originating from countless regions across Sumatra alighted from the railway and began to head towards the exit.

"Follow me," Wepetay said to Inala and a small group of passengers from the Noikatol Kingdom who were arriving at the Varahan Empire for the first time, "Please don't get lost here. This place is massive and it'll take us a few days at the very least to find you once you get lost."

A sense of hurry seemed present in the place as the pacing of all passengers was somewhat faster than normal. Inala found himself swept up by the pace as he followed Wepetay and arrived at an escalator that seemed to go up for more than a kilometre.

Escalator!

His eyes widened as he observed it, noticing flat blocks of rocks strung together by chains acting as steps. They were wrong around a belt system while a faint force of gravity existed in the tunnel, pulling towards the top.

This pull caused the strung flight of stairs to constantly move upwards. The people, though hesitant, were caught up in the pace of others and hurriedly set foot on the stone slabs, taking a few seconds to adjust to the jerk.

Similar to the railway, it was a marvel for everyone as they watched in surprise as even without walking, they were steadily travelling upwards. Upon seeing it, Inala sighed, slightly emotional, 'The Nature of Drifting Tunnel has been exceptionally used for both the railway and escalator systems.'

'It feels pretty close to Earth.' He stared at the edges of the stone slab where thick grass was growing, providing them with an indicator to stay away from the edges. Handrails had also been placed on the tunnel walls, providing balance to anyone standing near the edges of the moving stone slabs.

Inala looked around, noticing at least a dozen safety parameters installed in the escalator setup alone, 'All the Free Humans here have Silver Grade strength. They're not as fragile as humans on Earth. And even if they get injured, they can recover thanks to Prana. However, despite all that, a lot of concern has been placed into this system to make it as safe as possible.'

Inala was confident that this escalator system wasn't the only groundbreaking mechanism installed in the Varahan Empire. There must be hundreds, if not more of them, with even more being innovated and introduced to society constantly.

But despite all that, Yarsha Zahara had placed enough attention on the little things, ensuring the people could truly feel happy about living in the Varahan Empire. 'I can feel her care all around me.'

If he didn't have his responsibilities, Inala would have sought to live in the Varahan Empire, maybe have a small family, go to a day job, and once he had saved some money, he'd enjoy a family trip to the countless Kingdoms that Varahan Empire had under its control.

It would truly be a life of contentment, something almost akin to paradise in a world as dangerous as Sumatra. But that paradise would be short-lived, all thanks to him.

'It's not destroying something that resonates with my dreams.' Inala let out another sigh, finding it hard to bring himself to destroy this place. After all, his wish was extremely simple, one that had remained constant from when he was on Earth, when he was brought to Sumatra, and even now.

He wished to explore Sumatra and take in the sights of its grandeur!

But one existence loomed above him, blocking his path, preventing him from enjoying Sumatra even when he travelled its various regions. Due to this existence, thoughts of survival, growing strong, and ways to dismantle the enemy's side were all that filled his mind.

Expert Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Celestial Boar!

Not only was it the strongest existence to have appeared on Sumatra Continent, but it was also a Major Treasure. It meant that Brangara's power operated beyond the logic of Sumatra's current power system.

'Maybe some other Mystic Path could beg him to leave him alone, but not me.' Inala recalled the face of Gannala, for a moment imagining her fate if she were ever unfortunate enough to be captured by her enemy.

Reddish veiny patterns covered his eyes at the thought. Inhaling a deep breath, Inala controlled himself from acting on impulse. After all, he had observed enough to know where to use his palm stitch to disrupt the escalator system violently and result in the deaths of thousands in an instant.

'I'll be the subject of Brangara's hate.' Inala thought slowly while conversing with Wepetay from time to time, 'His most hated individual will be me; his second most hated individual will be me; his third most hated individual will be…me,'

He thought in a loop, 'His twentieth most hated individual will be me; his twenty-first most hated…'

"We've reached the end." Wepetay's words broke Inala of his thoughts.

The escalator revealed a massive hall that was circular in shape, reaching a height of a hundred metres and spanning a radius of two kilometres. Thousands of pillars ran between the floor and ceiling, propping up the place.

The station had been built in the mid-section of a freaking mountain, which explained the sheer pillars running in the place. Inala faced a massive board staring his way, reading the words 'Munkut Station.'

"Follow me," Wepetay said and escorted Inala in the same direction as the rest of the crowd, bringing him to the edge of the station that was bereft of walls, leading into a gallery view of the massive land expanding beyond.

Trees the height of four hundred metres littered the place, creating a lush forest. They were spaced far from each other, sporting bridges built out of their branches naturally, as if they grew to become that.

Not a single sign of artificial instalment was sighted, creating a picturesque view as if the place magically popped into existence. And moving about, mixed with nature were Free Humans, in the millions.

The presence of every single individual was at the Silver Grade, and the uniformity of their Human Avatar resulted in a collective presence that influenced the atmosphere, creating an aurora, but one in the shape of an Empyrean Boar.

Staring at it with a fanatical gaze of admiration, Wepetay pointed at the aurora of the Empyrean Boar and announced, facing Inala and the others from the Noikatol Kingdom, "Welcome to the Varahan Empire, the absolute utopia of Free Humans, led by the strongest Emperor and Empress in the history of Sumatra!"



Chapter 728  Your Happy Days Are Numbered

How strong was the collecting strength of the masses? Ever since the Varahan Empire had been founded, researchers wondered about it once they were no longer worried about survival.

Majority of the dangers on Sumatra originated naught from the strong powerhouses but from the weak, especially the Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

Whether it be a Minor Crisis that could destroy a Kingdom or a Major Disaster that can bring down even a mighty Empire to its knees, the core cause of it would be the swarm of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

In terms of percentage of races, Iron Grade Pranic Beast Races made up more than 99 percent of Sumatra's list. From a general consensus, Free Humans were thought of as a Silver Grade race due to them being able to scale up the Life Stage.

Similar to a Pranic Beast attaining maturity, a Free Human is said to have attained maturity upon hitting the 10-Life Stage, irrespective of his Grade. From that perspective, Free Humans were generally thought of as a special Silver Grade race.

And even including that, the number of Silver Grade races was abysmal when compared to the Iron Grade races, not to mention Gold Grade.

And usually, when something as dangerous as a Minor Crisis happens, the culprits would possess Natures that are stackable.

The Sumatra Chronicles' First Minor Crisis consisted of Mud Vipers whose Mudballs could collectively restrain a foe. The Millinger Catastrophe that Inala experienced at the Sanrey Plains had the Centingers whose Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery was also one that could be combined.

An even better example would be a Minor Crisis consisting of Slump Lizards, the Natures of whom could stack upon a target like the bodies in the Life Stage. Minor Crises formed by such Pranic Beast types were the most dangerous.

The researchers found out that in such cases, with Pranic Beasts whose Natures had a characteristic of being stackable, their presence could combine to result in a qualitative difference. What they derived from it was that Empyrean Boars should actively refrain from using such Natures, for the generated influence could stack to result in exponential damage to the Empyrean Boar.

However, the researchers were also puzzled to see their opinions take a complete reversal once Boar Kings appeared in the Varahan Empire. As they possessed Astral Chart, these stackable Natures became terrifying weapons at their disposal.

And as unfortunately witnessed by Brangara, Voracious Nature too came under this category. It could be stacked.

The mineral, Vara was obtained by grounding the tusks of Empyrean Boars. Storing Natures was the characteristic it imparted upon Free Humans who built Human Avatars using it. As a result, when a large enough population of Free Humans with Vara Human Avatars congregated in a location, the presence they released naturally combined and stacked upon itself to achieve a qualitative result. It then produced a mystical phenomenon in the skies of the Varahan Empire.

Empyrean Boar Aurora!

It was an amalgamation of the presence unleashed by the citizens of the Varahan Empire. It was a self-contained mass of presence and hence wasn't felt by any third party. However, it was a weapon, one directed by the will of the people.

If the Free Humans of the Varahan Empire prepared for war, influenced by their presence, the Empyrean Boar Aurora would charge toward their enemies and bombard them. The sheer presence built up within it was on par with a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast and could destroy any unguarded Iron Grade Pranic Beast instantly.

Even if these targets protect themselves with their presence, the majority of their strength would be used simply to defend against the Empyrean Boar Aurora, making them helpless against the Varahan Empire's army.

The researchers classified the Empyrean Boar Aurora as the Varahan Empire's symbol, of both their solidarity and power. Everyone who first witnessed it was in awe, overwhelmed by the presence that had amassed to such an extent that it was visible to the naked eye, seemingly alive.

However, there was one exception—Inala!

'Though it's possible to condense the presence of millions, thanks to their solidarity of having the same Human Avatar, and that too at the Silver Stage, all it can condense would be an entity similar to a cloud.' Inala thought focusing on faint glowing lines in the Empyrean Boar Aurora that were undetectable to others, as they were subtle and seemed weaker than the mass of presence beside them.

However, Inala felt the familiarity in them, having consumed that presence in large amounts and had even used it on multiple occasions to cause Minor Crisis on his own. This was the presence he had researched, broken down, and tabulated with extreme detail.

Brangara's Presence!

'Indeed, he has placed some of his presence in it. That's how this Empyrean Boar Aurora was born.' Inala nodded, beginning to decode the process that birthed this mystical phenomenon, intending to see if he could do something similar for the Quip Clan.

After all, the Royal Zinger too was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. Its Prana, and in extension, its presence was even more special than the Celestial boar's as it contained the power of Attribute.

"Now, let's get going," Wepetay said and pointed to the opposite side where another mountain stood. "That's the domestic station, Munrak."

The Munkut Station was an international station, having railways leading into various regions while the Munrak Station was the domestic station, with railways leading into different cities of the Varahan Empire.

"Do we still have a long way to go?" Inala asked, expressing confusion.

"Of course," Wepetay smiled wryly, "Our territory is another four days of travel from here."

"How big is the Varahan Empire?" One of the people from the Noikatol Kingdom asked in shock. From a small tent-living nomadic group whose entire Kingdom was within earshot to an Empire that needed freaking days to travel within its borders, it was hard to grasp the sheer change in scale.

"We have a common saying here." Wepetay laughed as he lifted his hand, "One-tenth of the Dieng Canyon's area. That's how big the Varahan Empire is, and after a few centuries, we'll become bigger than the Dieng Canyon."

"What's the Dieng Canyon?" The same individual asked in confusion.

"It's one of the biggest regions that we have records of." Wepetay said, his voice turning subtle, "And also the territory of one of our enemies."

"We…have enemies?" Many Free Humans from the Noikatol Kingdom were stunned to hear that, wondering how a behemoth such as the Varahan Empire could have enemies. Or rather, how daring were they to target such an exponentially growing force?

"You'll learn of everything eventually." Wepetay didn't wish to conduct a class out in the public like this, for it'll seem like he hadn't done a well-enough job at education, even though such affairs would only be taught after a Free Human became the Varahan Empire's citizen.

The group left the Munkut Station and entered an administrative building where everyone was given an identity card that signalled them as a citizen. As for how the identity card looked?

"Hand?" The Administrative Officer stared at Inala, asking upon seeing Inala's plain-looking hand, "I asked you to show me your Human Avatar."

"Yes, it's here," Inala said and pointed to the palm print on his hand.

"Hmm?" The Administrative Officer placed his finger on Inala's palm and inserted his Prana, detecting the Vara Human Avatar, "Indeed, I would have never expected it could be constructed like this. People usually start with their nails, as it's the easiest."

"Oh, this was easier for me," Inala smiled wryly, observing the Administrative Officer to see if there would be any change in the latter's expression. But upon seeing no change, he thought, 'So, the Varahan Empire hasn't learnt about Prana Stitch yet. I thought they would have found some details considering how active the Quip Clan would have been by now.'

Though he was here, he knew of the Quip Clan's plans. By now, his main body must have finished the accumulation phase and entered the active phase, deploying the entire Quip Clan to serve his bidding.

'Maybe they are yet to understand Prana Stitch, even after seeing it in action.' He thought, 'That might be why there's no reaction from this official.'

The official was a Free Human at the 3-Lfie Stage, someone at the forefront of the Empire's Free Humans. So, he might be pretty high up on the pecking ladder. If even someone like him had no idea, then the general populace would be even more clueless.

'Or even if they have started to investigate, they're probably keeping it up in wraps within the Wean Clan.' Inala thought as he felt a mild jerk, feeling as if he had been electrocuted when the Administrative Officer inserted a condensed mass of Prana into the palm print.

"Good, there's enough Vara to hold an Iron Grade Nature." The Administrative Officer said after placing a Nature in Inala's Vara Palm Print, "If its quantity was any less, I would have had to delay your citizenship."

He then spoke after a moment, his expression serious, "This Nature will serve as your identity. If you were to lose it, you'd have to go through a series of bureaucratic processes before you'd be given a new identity. So, take ample care of it and never use it."

Nature—Statue!

It was the Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, Petrified Geese's Primary Nature. Inala observed the Nature lying at rest in his Vara Palm Print, observing that the Nature of Statue was absorbing some of his Prana to influence it, resulting in a unit of Prana that was static.

This unit of Prana couldn't be used unless Inala activates the Nature of Statue. It was also permanently housed in the Vara Palm Print. Under the influence of Statue, which had very obviously been altered by Brangara in his Astral World, would generate a unique presence signature that the Administrative Officers and others part of the institution could detect through the use of a Skill and verify that he was a Varahan Empire citizen. They had a set of Skills to derive all of Inala's basic information through this presence alone, from his name, appearance, age, disclosed power, assets owned, etc. It was similar to the Brimgan Empire's Spirit Weapon Identity Card but was achieved through a Nature. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

'Brangara can influence all Tangible Natures in his Astral World. That's how this unique identification system had been created.' Inala thought as he accompanied Wepetay and left the Administrative Office, soon entering the Munrak Station which was pretty similar in design to the Munkut Station.

"Activate your Human Avatars as you pass this spot," Wepetay said as he pointed at a section of the corridor from where they could enter one of the platforms. "They'll check our identification and only then allow us entry."

Inala observed a team of Free Humans seated on the other side of the porous wall, unleashing their Prana Detection methods and constantly keeping a Skill activated. As Inala walked past the section, he felt a mild prickle in his Vara Palm Print as the faint presence pressing down on him vanished.

"When that faint pressure vanishes, it means there are no issues with our identity certificate. But if there's an issue, the pressure would intensify and a team of security would spontaneously jump us." Wepetay laughed, mildly tensed, "One of us from the Noikatol Kingdom mistakenly activated his Nature of Statue out of curiosity and entered here after it was deactivated."

"He was jumped by twenty guards and beaten up severely, only after which did they begin an investigation." He wiped the sweat covering his forehead and bowed faintly towards the people behind the wall who were steadily glaring at him, the previous incident fresh in their minds.

"You're not to blame for the mistakes of others," Inala said and patted Wepetay on the shoulder.

"No, I'm responsible for leading everyone from the Noikatol Kingdom. So, if anyone from my group makes a mistake, I'm the one the Empire holds accountable." Wepetay said as he heaved a sigh in relief when no problems cropped up from the Noikatol Kingdom civilians.

He then led everyone to the respective railway that soon departed for their destination. Inala found himself seated in a room similar to the one he had travelled through for ten days. He closed his eyes and began to rest, resuming his thoughts.

Gradually, his mood shifted, his expression calm, and collected, his fluttering eyelids opening up to reveal eyes of resolve, 'I'm sorry, Brangara.'

'Your happy days are now numbered.'





Chapter 729  Do You Wish To Teach My People?

Noikatol District!

It was a newly formed one after MunuBuntara gained control over the Petrichor Savannah and had absorbed most of the Noikatol Kingdom's populace by now. Before the Noikatol Kingdom's absorption into his force, all MunuBuntara had was the force that had been granted to him by his parents.

All Wean Clansmen obtained a group of trained people well-versed in a variety of fields, from economics to battles. Wepetay was one of them. The purpose of these people was to guide the respective Wean Clansman they served and ensured they continued to grow and became a better version of themselves every successive day.

MunuBuntara was yet to be crowned the King of the Noikatol Kingdom, as there were still plenty of steps left to finish before that could happen. Until then, he was simply addressed as Lord MunuBuntara.

There was a total of 400 Decodus Trees that formed the Noikatol District, which was situated closer to the Varahan Empire's rear borders. Pretty much 540 kilometres from the Noikatol District was the Sandy-Grey Void.

The heart of the Varahan Empire was the Capital District, Narkn, which was actually a blessed node for resources, similar to the Brimgan Empire. It was situated 3542 kilometres from the Varahan Enclave, and this entire region was part of the Empire's territory.

Towards the rear, the Varahan Empire expanded like a droplet along the edges of a wall, with new Wean Clansmen setting up their respective districts one after another to further push the border. Once their districts are set up and they begin bringing in people from a Free Human Kingdom, an Empyrean Boar Aurora gradually forms in their sky, serving as their protective shield and intimidating external foes.

The native Pranic Beasts will be pushed further back or even out of their territory. In some cases, if their Natures were useful, a large group of them would be captured and raised in their original homes as captives, in nests where they were slaughtered for their Natures.

The useless ones would be straight-up driven out or slaughtered. This close to the Sandy-Grey Void, only weak Pranic Beast races lived. Moreover, the majority of this region was mostly barren, resulting in a lack of resources. So, no powerful Pranic Beast groups lived in the general vicinity.

When traced back through history, these barren regions had been destroyed during the Mudropper Invasion. Even though Mahira Tusk had used the Dance of Recovery on these regions, it had been a while since the damage was done and she had amassed enough strength to use the ability.

The result was similar to the Gaja Enclave. Even though the region had reverted into land, it had never recovered to its original level.

A railway arrived at the Noikatol Station as Inala and the others alighted. The station only had four railway lines. Two of them were to journey to and fro the Petrichor Savannah and the remaining two took them from and to the capital, Narkn.

MunuBuntara's influence was limited for the time being, which was shown clearly through the size of the district he controlled. The number of railway lines in a Station too was a show of power and one's social stature.

Though he himself was strong, MunuBuntara had purchased the rights of a low-levelled region such as Petrichor Savannah, placing his status at the bottom-most of the Wean Clan. Not only was Petrichor Savannah lacking resources, but it was also occupied by weak Iron Grade Pranic Beasts whose population wasn't also that high.

Considering the side of the region, the number of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts living there was limited, barely even reaching a hundred thousand.

For comparison, the Petrichor Savannah was close to forty times the area enclosed by the Sanrey Plains. Just the number of Slump Lizards living in the Angan River of the Sanrey Plains was ten to twenty times the total population of the Petrichor Savannah.

There were plenty of regions on Sumatra without any valuable minerals. However, due to the bountifulness of the region, the population density of the Pranic Beasts living there remains significant.

This meant that even if the Varahan Empire hunts them extensively, they can repopulate themselves in a matter of months. Due to the sheer size of their population, the crisis brought about by the Varahan Empire will force multiple Mutated Pranic Beasts to appear among the natives.

Just the byproducts of these Pranic Beasts alone were valuable enough, considering the medicines that could be made through them, not to mention the Natures. The volume of profits gained through the region was astronomical.

However, MunuBuntara had to be careful while hunting at the Petrichor Savannah. If he was even the slightest bit careless, the native Pranic Beasts such as Balghat and Ptattah would go extinct. Their smaller populations made them fragile to external changes.

Due to all that, the moment MunuBuntara purchased the Petrichor Savannah, he lost respect from his siblings, which showed the lack of railway lines at the Noikatol Station.

'But with the way he has done things, that doesn't seem likely.' Inala smiled as he exited the station and observed the Decodus Trees, inhaling softly as he smelled the faint scent of dye. He then observed a good portion of the district had been cordoned off by a layer of Decodus Trees.

A thick layer of earth wall filled the gap between the Decodus Trees. Inala closed his eyes and focused on his ears. His vocal cords vibrated at a high frequency as he unleashed soundwaves beyond the audible range of human ears.

The high-frequency soundwaves bombarded the earth wall and returned to him, allowing him to judge its material composition based on the changes experienced by the reflected soundwave as compared to the incident soundwave.

'There's a thick layer of rock within the wall. It has been manually constructed through Subtle Terrain Domination.' That was enough for Inala to know the extent of value placed on MunuBuntara by Brangara, 'Indeed, he's not as bad as his siblings might be thinking.'

"Follow me," Wepetay led everyone into a large Decodus Tree, the entrance of which was located close to the ground, formed by a cluster of roots combining to form the shape of an arched door.

Thin roots dangled out of it, forming a curtain.

Wepetay parted the curtain and led the group into an elevator that had been constructed through the Nature of Drifting Tunnel. The elevator was a cylinder spanning a radius of three metres and a height of five metres.

There were two columns side by side, with the elevator on one side going up and the other side coming down. The field of gravity within each was opposite to the other.

Inala noticed a roller mechanism attached to the elevator that was made using the tusks of an Empyrean Boar. They served as Spirit Weapons that the elevator operator controlled to move and break the elevator at the respective floors.

Upon reaching the top, he would then shift the elevator into the column descending down. This way, the elevators looped through the mechanism, allowing for quick transfer between the various floors.

However, these elevators were used only when someone had to travel for more than ten floors. For anything beneath that, they simply took the flight of stairs. After all, everyone here was at the Silver Grade. Climbing ten floors only counted as a simple exercise, whose exhaustion their Prana could heal in a matter of seconds. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The group was still in a state of amazement as Wepetay led them into the elevator and stared at the operator, "To the top floor, please."

"Yes, Sir Wepetay." The flight operator recognised Wepetay who was pretty well known in the Noikatol District. With a tug from his psychokinesis, the brakes were released, allowing the field of gravity to pull the elevator upwards.

He also spun the rollers to accelerate the elevator, and once they were close to the destination, he applied the brakes, causing the elevator to smoothly slow down.

'It's not as smooth as the ones on Earth but the progress rate is terrifying.' Inala thought as he felt a mild jerk once the elevator arrived at a halt on the topmost floor.

A refreshing wind blew inside, not too soft and not too fierce either. Inala observed windbreakers installed beyond the window to control the speed of wind. The Decodus Trees were also arranged far apart from each other to allow the wind to glide around them without its flow being interrupted.

Ornamental plants hung along the way, taken delicate care to establish a natural beauty. Inala noticed that these plants were parasitic in nature as their roots dug into the Decodus Tree and absorbed nutrients from it.

The doors were operated through psychokinesis, opening as Wepetay led everyone out. The walls had a thick scent of nature, for they were the Decodus Tree's body. Large windows trailed across one side, revealing the expansive view beyond.

A refreshing wind blew inside, not too soft and not too fierce either. Inala observed windbreakers installed beyond the window to control the speed of wind. The Decodus Trees were also arranged far apart from each other to allow the wind to glide around them without its flow being interrupted.

Ornamental plants hung along the way, taken delicate care to establish a natural beauty. Inala noticed that these plants were parasitic in nature as their roots dug into the Decodus Tree and absorbed nutrients from it.

'If these ornamental plants aren't trimmed down at regular intervals, they'd eat the Decodus Trees from within eventually.' Inala silently made note of the point and followed alongside the group through a circular corridor.

There were some carvings on the walls, depicting battle scenes of Empyrean Boars facing off powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. The bodies of everyone faintly trembled, intimidated by the depicted scenes.

However, Inala was calm, having been a part of fights significantly more earth-shattering than ones between Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Lord MunuBuntara, I've brought a group of people from the Noikatol Kingdom," Wepetay announced as he stood before a large, double door and shouted with respect.

There was silence for a few seconds before the double doors opened and a surprised voice resounded, "You've returned, Wepetay? Has your work at the Noikatol Kingdom finished?"

"Not yet, I'll be leaving after a couple of days," Wepetay said and led the group of people inside.

Inala's throat vibrated as soundwaves slammed into the double doors, detecting a change in density at two spots, 'There's some Vara placed there. So, they're relying on conventional Spirit Weapon means to operate moving objects.'

He had done the same at the Mammoth Clan, so it wasn't anything that Inala was surprised about. It was the most basic method of using a Spirit Weapon, common sense that any decent cultivator was aware of.

Of course, the people from the Noikatol Kingdom had only learnt it recently, so they stared at the double doors with a knowing gaze.

The room was circular in shape, spanning a radius of eight metres. One side was flattened a little, which served as a backdrop. A large mural of Brangara and Yarsha Zahara was carved on the wall, depicting them in imposing grandeur.

"That's the Emperor!"

"That's the Empress!" The people from the Noikatol Kingdom commented in hushed voices as they kneeled in respect, facing the individual seated before the mural.

A chubby face sporting a broad, almost bulbous nose, contrasting a pair of sharp eyes similar to that of a cat was a man, his 150-centimetre-tall stature exaggeratedly diminished by his horizontally inclined body.

'He's using muscle mass to distribute the influence from the Natures on his being, diluting their power. That's smart.' Inala thought the moment he laid gaze on the man, 'For someone so young, he understands well of the disadvantages of Voracious Nature and has devised realistic means to adapt to it.'

"We greet Lord MunuBuntara!" Everyone echoed alongside Wepetay, paying respects to the seated individual.

"I welcome you all to the Noikatol District," MunuBuntara said with an imposing voice before nodding at Wepetay, signalling that he could escort everyone to their respective quarters and begin their induction to life at the Noikatol District.

"Please stay here, Sir Binala," Wepetay whispered as he informed the rest to leave, allocating other personnel to guide them.

"Hmm?" Upon seeing Wepetay make one of the individuals stay behind, MunuBuntara raised an eyebrow, knowing that Wepetay wouldn't have done this without reason. His eyes fell on the man who was tethering into old age, 'He doesn't strike as anyone special. Even his presence is weak. Then, what is the reason?'

"This is Sir Binala," Wepetay pointed at Inala and said, "He's the wisest man that I have ever encountered in my life. His experience of surviving the wilds while at the Spirit Stage for years has proved valuable to plenty."

"I get your point," MunuBuntara grasped Wepetay's thought process as he stared at Inala to ask, "Binala, right?"

"Do you wish to teach my people?"



Chapter 730  Let’s Begin

"Do you wish to teach my people?"

'That's a weird way to phrase it.' For a moment, Inala intended to make eye contact with Wepetay and wonder what the heck MunuBuntara meant here, but after a moment's consideration later, he discarded the thought, 'Let's probe a little here.' n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

'It seems he intends to lead the pace.' Inala thought as he stared at MunuBuntara and controlled his chuckle, shaking his head, "Not really."

"What?" MunuBuntara's expression crumbled as he asked, "Then, do you not plan to work to make a living?"

"Why do I need something like that?" Inala scratched his head, "I have a few years to live at most. I don't wish to waste my time working."

'That's different from what I've been told.' MunuBuntara glanced at Wepetay for an instant. Even though this seemed like an impromptu visit, Wepetay had already sent someone with an Information Slip to inform MunuBuntara of everything, from his thoughts to his opinion regarding Inala.

MunuBuntara's question was intended to probe Inala's objective for arriving at the Varahan Empire. After all, he wasn't from the Noikatol Kingdom but had an unverifiable past. Thereby, MunuBuntara remained cautious.

After all, all Wean Clansmen had been told of the incident where Gannala, Orakha, Virala, and Blola had infiltrated the Zahara Kingdom. She had briefed about the various abilities they held, including what she knew about the Mystic Paths and how much danger they posed to the Wean Clan.

As a result, the Varahan Empire had a strict set of monitoring system that spied upon the people brought into the Empire both directly and indirectly.

When Virala arrived at the Varahan Empire, MunuBuntara had planned to investigate the latter's background. However, they couldn't find out anything. How could they even investigate across the dozens of regions that Virala had supposedly been to?

Even their background of hailing from the Bollutiya Kingdom couldn't be verified, since the Kingdom's destruction happened more than eighty years ago. Any survivors from there might have fled to other Free Human Kingdoms and integrated into their society.

And if they didn't have Silver Grade strength, they might already be dead. To get concrete details a large team had to be dispatched, which MunuBuntara couldn't afford.

Usually in such cases where they were suspicious about the identity of someone, they'd forward the list to the Capital from where Yarsha Zahara would personally take charge of the investigation. She had the means to detect whether or not the person in question was a Mystic Path or not.

Now, the question remained as to how he had to classify Inala, 'I've already classified Kvirala as suspicious since I cannot prove his background information, even though all the events he has told, including the Bollutiya Kingdom's destruction, are accurate.'

'But with the means available at the disposal of our enemies, they could have forged false backgrounds easily.' MunuBuntara thought as he stared at Inala to ask, "Tell me, then. How do you plan to make a living?"

"I'll tell stories of my past to his kids," Inala pointed at Wepetay, "That should do, since I don't need anything beyond three meals a day anyway."

"That's not an official job. The Varahan Empire doesn't avoid discriminating against freeloaders…" MunuBuntara stopped speaking upon seeing that Inala's expression was one of disappointment.

"Guess this is it then." Inala sighed as he stared at Wepetay and cupped his fists in respect, "I'll accompany you in your return to the Noikatol Kingdom. Seems I'm not fated to be a resident here."

His shoulders slumped mildly as Inala turned around and began to exit the room, stopping once to bow towards MunuBuntara, "I'm tired from the journey, My Lord. If you'll excuse me…"

"Stop!" One of the guards blocked Inala's path, "How dare you behave disrespectfully towards your Lord?"

"Disrespectfully?" Inala stared a MunuBuntara in confusion, "Did I do that, My Lord?"

He collapsed on the floor in response, "Please spare me, My Lord. I apologise for being bold. It's my fault since I'm losing the fear of death the closer I approach it. So, it's getting harder for me to express fear."

"You needn't express fear against me," MunuBuntara waved his hand once, motioning for the guard to return to his post. Only after the guard retracted his presence did MunuBuntara observe Inala's trembling stop, 'Seems the guard's presence was too much for him to handle. That makes sense, since the Vara I'm sensing on him is minuscule at best.'

He got up and approached the kneeling Inala and expanded his senses, "Can you activate your Human Avatar?"

"Y-Yes," Inala shivered as he nodded, gradually expressing more and more fear as time passed. He extended his trembling hands and revealed his palm, "This is my Human Avatar."

'That's an interesting build. It's the first time I've seen anyone start with the palm print. I never thought something like this was possible. It's a wonder how he has been able to delicately build the Human Avatar on the palm print.' MunuBuntara thought as he noticed Inala's right palm print containing the Nature of Statue. He then touched Inala's left Palm Print and placed a Nature inside, "I can allow you to stay at the Varahan Empire."

"Thank you, My Lord!" Inala nodded meekly as he felt the Yoked Wyrm's Nature of Bio-Synthesis that he had just received.

"However," MunuBuntara's tone became imposing, "You need to work your living. I order you to teach students at the location I'm designating as your classroom henceforth. You'll teach them everything you know,"

Followed by a pause, he said with authority, staring down at Inala, "Including your skill to weave a suit. If even a single student can successfully make a suit, I'll give you a pay from my personal funds to chill for the rest of your life."

"I'll follow your arrangement, Lord MunuBuntara." Inala nodded with an expression of resignation.

'It's as stated in the reports. He is unwilling to teach his craft to others. However, since he's staying at my place, he has no other choice.' MunuBuntara thought as he observed Inala's collapsed expression. He then nodded at Wepetay, "You can bring Binala with you."

"Yes, My Lord." Wepetay nodded and escorted Inala out.

MunuBuntara was silent for a few seconds before letting out a chuckle as he opened the locker in his room to reveal rows of suitcases. They were the suits that Inala had created over the years.

All the suits that the people of the Noikatol Kingdom had purchased from Inala fell in his grasp once they arrived at the Noikatol District. He purchased them at a decent price, for which the owners were more than willing to part with.

Just to get on his good books, they would have given him it for free. But to avoid getting a bad image, MunuBuntara paid them a relevant amount.

Picking one of the suitcases from the locker, MunuBuntara inserted a unit of Prana into it and watched the wool forming the suitcase wrap his body and transform into a neat suit, 'Indeed, this design is revolutionary. Even after using them so many times, I never become bored of seeing their transformation.'

"I wanted the Petrichor Savannah precisely because I intended to make clothes." MunuBuntara chuckled, having already purchased all cloth-making techniques from the various Kingdoms that the Varahan Empire had brought under their fold, "And Binala's skill gives me the perfect edge to become a textile industry leader."

The reason for his confidence was simple—he knew the method to Mutate the Balghats.

It was still part of the same race. In the records compiled by the Varahan Empire, there were some accounts of there appearing a Mutated variant of the Balghat whenever their race was pressed to the verge of extinction.

The Balghats weren't native to the Petrichor Savannah alone. They were also present in other regions, albeit with minor physical differences such as wool colour, texture, mild physique differences, etc.

It was still part of the same race. In the records compiled by the Varahan Empire, there were some accounts of there appearing a Mutated variant of the Balghat whenever their race was pressed to the verge of extinction.

Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Telghat!

With a Prana capacity of 2100 and a lifespan of 410 years, it didn't seem too offensive on paper, but from a combat standpoint, it was one of the most dangerous existences in the Silver Grade. The reason stemmed from its terrifying Secondary Nature. Secondary Nature—Wool Gate!

Wool Gate was a space-type defensive ability, one allowing the Telghat to compress a large volume of wool into a smaller volume. This wasn't mechanical compression but was similar to an Empyrean Tusk's biomes, but limited to the wool produced by the Telghat alone.

Using this Secondary Nature, the Telghat condenses a coat of wool that is dozens of metres thick, one that resembles the same thickness of a regular Balghat's coat of wool. This provides it with ridiculous cushion armour that allows it to tank the strongest of physical attacks without even flinching. After all, the thick coat of wool absorbs and disperses the damage across it, preventing any harm to the Telghat.

Adding onto the growth speed of its Wool Expansion being almost instantaneous, a Telghat could actually face a Centinger and win more matches than lose.

'The defensive strength of this suit made using a Balghat's wool itself is this exemplary. Once I have people that have learnt Binala's weaving skill, we can produce better suits by improving the process through our knowledge base.' MunuBuntara thought as he felt the soft but abundantly tensile fabric, 'And once we're ready, we can begin forcing Mutations on our captured Balghats to rear Telghats."

"The suits made from Telghats will be good enough to arm my soldiers. Our success rate in raids will increase further." He muttered and let out a soft chuckle, summoning an aide with a snap of his finger to command, "Make a list of children talented in the textile craft. I want them to learn Binala's craft and even grasp techniques that he might be hiding."

"We have a few talents who can do that." The aide nodded. "I'll make a comprehensive list within a few hours."

"Good, make a priority of this." MunuBuntara nodded, unaware that he hadn't even thought of listing Inala as a suspect. He had been fully distracted by Inala's fiasco.

The person in question was currently being apologised to be Wepetay as the duo exited the Decodus Tree.

"I apologise, Sir Binala. I know you didn't wish to leak your family's trade secrets." Wepetay expressed his apology, "But I couldn't hide anything to My Lord, since many others flaunted your suits."

"I'm not blaming you," Inala shook his head, "If I had intended to take it to the grave with me, I wouldn't have made a suit in the first place. So, you needn't worry."

"It's just…" Inala said after a sigh, "I wanted to pass it on to someone who was as passionate about the craft as me. I don't intend to teach it to someone who treats it as a secondary passion and is more passionate about strength."

"I get your point," Wepetay nodded, "I hope you find a great pupil."

"The Noikatol Kingdom doesn't have one." Inala shook his head, "Otherwise, I would have taken in a pupil already."

"True…" Wepetay sighed before saying briskly, "Why don't you visit my home now, Sir Binala? I'll introduce you to my family."

"My kids are talented. Maybe one of them suits your fancy." Wepetay tried to cheer up Inala to the best of his ability.

"Thank you," Inala chuckled after a while, commenting honestly, "You're indeed a great guy, Wepetay."

"People like you are a rare breed."

"Haha!" Wepetay laughed, "That's the first time I've been complimented in a while. You have a way with words better than Sir Kvirala, Sir Inala."

"I was just stating the truth." Inala laughed before asking nonchalantly as he looked around, "Where is that guy living? I am curious to see how much he has changed after living here."

"Sir Kvirala is at the Capital," Wepetay said, "He's the manager of one of our clothing stores. I heard his work ethic is exemplary and has garnered praise from our regular customers."

"So, he's doing well, huh?" Inala smiled as he arrived at a certain floor in one of the nearby Decodus Trees. Of the ten houses situated on the floor, one belonged to Wepetay.

"Please, come in." Wepetay opened the door to his house and beckoned for Inala to enter, introducing his wife and three children to the latter.

"Hello everyone," Inala greeted the family and exchanged some pleasantries. A day later, he settled into a new house and appeared to teach a class of forty students who were all deemed suitable for weaving.

'Let's start, then.' Thinking as such, Inala stared at the group of students and let out a smile, "Before we start learning about weaving, I want everyone to showcase their skills."

Saying so, he plucked a few strands of his hair and tied them sequentially, elongating them in such a way that the knots between the strands were almost impossible to detect. "Try doing this first."



