Chapter 351 A Request and Conflict of Mind

"What type of powers did you get?" Inala took on his female form and asked right as he ate the last morsel.

"It's better to show it to you." Wittral wiped his mouth and approached a shelf, his pacing slow, almost dragging his feet. He took out a Low-Grade Elixir and consumed it, processing it through Mystic Mist Art as he seeped all the generated Prana into his eyes, beginning to heal the organ.

Thanks to his powers of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, his recovery was rapid. By the time he downed the third Low-Grade Elixir, his eyes finished recovering, allowing him to see once again.

He stared at his reflection in the mirror, gazing at his malnourished body to chuckle, "We look horrible."

"That we do." Inala nodded in response and put on an expectant look.

"Alright, I'll show it to you." Wittral drank another Low-Grade Elixir and increased his Prana to twenty units. He then consumed ten Prana and created a Prana Bomb, twirling it on his index finger. "I can carry large reserves of Prana through these."

"There's also this." He sported a knowing gaze towards Inala as his figure morphed, causing hair to jut out of his head and cascade like a waterfall, long flowing. It fluttered subtly as he shook his neck once, having assumed a female form.

Wittral stared at his appearance in the mirror and muttered, "I look pretty similar to you in my female form. I thought I'd have more similarities to myself."

"That's the influence present in the Nature of Royalty, since the female appearance is based on me." Inala said as he took on his male form, "And my male form looks similar to Inala, the one this power is derived from."

"Yeah, I got that." Wittral nodded and tapped his head, "This is a very useful power. Sadly, I'm not a Zinger. So, I can't make use of a Life Bomb properly."

In his feminine form, Wittral could indeed create a Life Bomb. But it wouldn't hatch. A regular Life Bomb would absorb Prana to the limit and stop absorbing after that, never hatching a Zinger.

Similarly, the Life Bomb—meant to birth a Queen—would absorb Lifeforce until its limit and fail to hatch the same. It was because Wittral was an Empyrean Snapper and not a Zinger.

But being unable to hatch a Zinger was irrelevant, since through the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs, Wittral was able to steal both Prana and Lifeforce.

He played around with a Life Bomb for a few seconds before asking, "So, I'm not able to perform what you did at Fral Island without being able to turn into a Zinger, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "Just as how an Empyrean Snapper creates Spirit Pools or grows to such a massive size, a Zinger too can perform a variety of physical activities through its genetic trait alone."

"I can't employ Subtle Terrain Dominance to the same level as you. And similarly, you cannot use Royalty with as much versatility as me." Inala spoke and returned to his female form, "Phew, this feels more comfortable."

"Same here," Wittral nodded as he returned to his male form, "There's a strange influence in my mind when I change my gender."

"That's an issue with this power." Inala nodded, "Part of the reason I was going insane before was because of that. It's for your best to only use the other gender when necessary."

"Got it." Wittral nodded and grinned, causing the air around to him tremble in response, "Try it."

"Yes," Inala nodded as the air around him fluctuated once, unstable as he couldn't control the air properly.

"You'll get better with practice." Wittral approached Inala and suddenly hugged the latter, "We have the same set of abilities now."

"I'm happy."

"I'm happy too," Inala said, his eyes widening in surprise when Wittral planted his lips on his. It was only for a second, but he was stunned.

"Ah, I'm bloated. Seems I ate too much." Wittral casually turned around and patted his stomach. He slipped into his bed and covered himself with a blanket, "I need some rest now. We'll be leaving tomorrow. So, you too should get some sleep, Amita."

"…Yes," Inala muttered in a daze and returned to his room, taking a seat as he sported an expression of confusion, 'Yes, this happened when I was a woman.'

He patted his chest, feeling his thumping heart, muttering in surprise, "Why are you excited?"

Inala was in a state of fluster. Wittral's actions shocked him. Well, considering how much he led on the latter, it was a wonder how Wittral hadn't jumped on him yet. But what he was the most puzzled about was the fact that in his female form, his mind too had been heavily influenced to be one.

In regular situations, it wasn't obvious, since the scheming capabilities of both genders were the same. His female form's mind was a tad more emotionally motivated in contrast to his male form's more logical side.

But now, it seemed the extent of influence reached the depths of his psyche. Inala took on his male form and recalled the scene with Wittral, feeling an urge to barf. He then turned into a woman and felt his heart rate accelerate. "Oh, shit!"

It was dangerous, since both his genders had contrasting responses to the same situation. It meant that if he were to recklessly switch between genders in such situations, his mind could get torn apart.

The situation became dangerous from just a kiss. What if something serious were to happen in the future? In his female form with Wittral. Or in his male form with Asaeya. There would be extreme emotional experiences with the other gender in him.

'It's not all sunshine and rainbows.' He sighed, taking on his male form once his stomach started to hurt once again, 'I need to be extremely careful with the people I interact with.'

"And I need as many Influence Easing Elixirs as I can." Inala got up, approached the medicine room, and began to consume the medicines in all the vials. He didn't allow his stomach to digest them though.

The moment they entered his stomach biome, the Empyrean Zingers intercepted them, immediately storing them in vials made out of Prana Bombs, secured. Setting aside a small batch of Mid-Grade Elixirs and Influence Easing Elixirs for Wittral, Inala consumed everything else, emptying the place.

Following that, he returned to his room and fell asleep.

Afternoon the next day, he woke up a couple of minutes before Wittral, sensing minor tremors from the entrance. Taltal was banging on the door that failed to budge, getting increasingly worried over time.

Through his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, Inala sensed the Boar King's position, 'He'll be here in a minute.'

Due to the Boar King's arrangements, Taltal couldn't enter the house. Inala used a technique to clean himself and assumed female form, applying indigo-coloured mascara to his eyes and wore one of the best indigo-coloured robes.

He tied his hair into a bun and watched the Boar King casually create a cutout of himself on the wall, turn it into a door, and enter.

"Are you ready?" He stared at Inala, eyeing the Elixir-filled bag to the side, "Is that all?"

"Yes, all the important ones are in this bag." Inala nodded, smiling brightly as Wittral arrived and stood close by.

"Let's leave, then." The Boar King said and turned around, frowning when the duo didn't follow him. "Is something the matter?"

"I have a request." Wittral said, his expression fierce, speaking once the Boar King nodded in response, "After I release my Prana, can you put on a scene as if you've devoured the both of us?"

"You want to make me the Cooter Clan's number-one enemy?" The Boar King asked as the air around him gradually turned heavy, causing cracks to quickly fill the house, "Little Wittral,"

"You've become brave."



Chapter 352 Cooter Clan Chases the Boar King

"Little Wittral, you've become brave."

Hearing the Boar King's words, Wittral retorted without any hesitation, "Why should I fear someone who can kill me with a single punch?"

The Boar King blinked and questioned reality for a moment. Following that, he felt Wittral made sense, "Well, I am indeed too strong for the likes of you to wrap your head around. Indeed, you make some sense."

"I'll feel a bit proud if the Cooter Clan labels you as their number one enemy. It means they aren't cowards. But I fear it won't happen." Wittral sighed and explained the reason for his request, "I have been replaced."

"Replaced?" The Boar King asked, "Is a new Empyrean Snapper being birthed?"

"Yes," Wittral nodded, "Before my parents die, they plan to birth my sibling, another Empyrean Snapper born without genetic defects. Based on what I heard, it's going well."

"So, even if you kill me, the Cooter Clan wouldn't come at you with the intent to kill, since my value has dropped now." Wittral sighed, "It's especially since the Clan thinks I haven't recovered my power."

"I just hope they realise their foolishness before I leave this place for good." He bowed in respect, "I want them to know that by focusing on long-term goals, they have lost sight of their immediate future."

"Basically, even if I put on a show of killing you, the Cooter Clan wouldn't annoy me in the future. That's what you want to say, right?" The Boar King asked.

"I'll simply be the third Empyrean Snapper you have killed, nothing more, nothing less." Wittral nodded.

"That's fine with me." The Boar King shrugged, "The Cooter Clan is too afraid to leave their water domain anyway. As a being on land, I won't have a headache due to them."

'And if I'm bored, I can enter a water domain and play around with them.' He grinned at the thought.

"Yes, that's why I made such a request to you." Wittral thanked, letting out a smile in relief.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Loud sounds came from the door as Taltal began to bombard it with attacks, launching a distress signal upon seeing the door remain sturdy.

'This doesn't make sense.' Taltal thought in worry as she condensed a gigantic fist of mist and attacked the door. The object that should have shattered into bits by her attack remained standing, sporting naught a dent.

At her distress signal, Cooter Clansmen began to gather one after another. In a matter of seconds, Geugeu arrived, standing on a thundercloud that he had created. He stared at the house and unleashed a bolt of lightning, poking in a hole to notice a thick Prana Bomb layer covering the insides.

Once the ceiling collapsed, he noticed the Boar King in the living room, having slung a bag on his shoulder. And held in his hand on either side were Amita Brimgan and Wittral respectively, struggling, launching weak attacks with their pitiful Prana reserves.

Their attacks were so weak that they failed to ruffle even the Boar King's hair as the latter calmly stared up and flashed a smile, "Idiots."

'Prana? Wittral has Prana!' Geugeu's attention fell on the weak attacks launched by Wittral. Though it was very weak, he judged that the quality of Subtle Terrain Domination used by Wittral—with respect to the expended Prana—was superior to before. 'He has grown stronger.'

His attitude towards Wittral took an instant shift, treating him as the top priority of the Cooter Clan once again, actually valuing him a tad higher than before. After all, Wittral was stronger now. Judging by what his Prana sense could feel, Wittral now had a Secondary Nature.

'He's not only recovered his strength but has Mutated!' Geugeu became excited as he jumped through the collapsed ceiling and landed a couple metres before the Boar King, cupping his fists in respect, "I greet the Boar King. Can I take custody of my people…"

"Puhahahaha!" The Boar King broke into laughter, unable to believe his ears, "You guys are a riot!"

'I simply wanted to do what Little Wittral had asked, but now I'm irritated.' The Boar King stared at Geugeu, 'Though I have mocked him, he would rather bow in submission than fight to retrieve the Empyrean Snapper that will become the strongest of its kind in the future. Such meekness is pathetic.'

"The Cooter Clan isn't fit to claim themselves on par with the Mammoth Clan." The Boar King snorted as intense ripples radiated out of him, destroying the house and everything in its wave. "No matter how weak they are, the Mammoth Clan always fights me with their lives on the line."

Astral Chart—Prana Shock X2!

Geugeu hurriedly erected a cloudy barrier and cushioned the blow, protecting the Cooter Clansmen that had gathered in the region. But a moment later, the shockwaves increased in number and intensity, sending everyone skidding farther away.

In the large area that had been opened up, standing amidst a cloud of dust was the Empyrean Boar King, in its Pranic Beast form. Casually thrown into its mouth were the resisting figures of Amita Brimgan and Wittral.

A chomp later, there was a mild splash of blood on the Empyrean Boar King's teeth. The Empyrean Snapper that had overcome all odds to recover from a state lacking a Spirit Container to gaining a Secondary Nature, the Cooter Clan's most promising Deity, was no more.

Wittral was dead, crushed under the Boar King's jaws and devoured.

Many Cooter Clan masters observed that Wittral had not only recovered his strength but also gained a Secondary Nature. They hadn't even finished processing the details of the bright future a Mutated Empyrean Snapper would bring when that line of thought had been brutally crushed by the Boar King.

Geugeu's expression collapsed, having switched from euphoria to despair. From when he learnt of Wittral's Mutation to seeing the latter die, only a few seconds had spanned. The contrast of emotional switch was too much, causing Geugeu to give in to rage.

"HOW DARE YOU! HOW DARE YOUUU!" Geugeu roared as lightning bolts rained down like a torrent, targeting the Boar King without mercy.

"Now we're talking!" The Boar King laughed in excitement, "A fight is fun only when you're desperate."

Astral Chart—Mud Ball X6!

The Empyrean Boar King opened its mouth and shot a hill-sized Mud Ball that received the rain of lightning, easily blocking them. Followed by a leap, the Empyrean Boar King landed in the Dralh Sea and began to swim, activating a couple of useful Natures it gained from the Pranic Beasts living there in the past few months.

Immediately in response, its figure shot forth in speed, swimming through the sea waters at a competent pace.

"Don't allow him to flee!" Geugeu roared in anger as all 38 Empyrean Snappers situated in the Abyss Ring made a move, completely ignoring the Phells that continued to invade from the Abyss Fall.

Even if the ecosystem of the Dralh Sea were to completely collapse as a result of the Phells, they didn't care for the moment, intending to exact revenge on the Boar King.

It was a consequence of their own choices, but they were too proud to admit it. Besides, the one who killed Wittral was the Boar King at the end of the day. Hence, they were justified in their revenge.

Even when Wittral was kidnapped originally, only 29 Empyrean Snappers made a move, leaving behind the bare minimum to keep the Abyss Fall under control. But now, they gave up everything and chased after the Boar King.

Lightning bolts rained down from the sky, targeting the Empyrean Boar King that evaded the attacks while shooting Mud Balls when it couldn't dodge on time.

A cyclone formed in the Dralh Sea, generated by the island-sized Empyrean Snappers, launching a hailstorm of fire by absorbing all the heat in the boiling water.

'This is…oil?' The Boar King thought upon seeing a murky black rain precede his location and cover the region. A moment later, his suspicion was confirmed when the Dralh Sea was set on fire by the subsequent hailstorm of fire.

It was indeed oil. Moreover, it didn't end at that as the Empyrean Snappers combined their powers to prematurely begin the Death Hour, causing the sea of flames to grow in response, turning the Dralh Sea into a body of fire.

Once the Empyrean Snappers left the Abyss Ring and chased after the Empyrean Boar King, surfacing out of the drainage channel connecting to the house where Inala and Wittral had stayed was a Prana Bomb, situated at a depth of four hundred metres.

It gradually surfaced as a bunch of holes appeared on its surface, sucking in a large volume of air. Following that, a gentle thrust was generated, causing the Prana Bomb to sail forward. Once it was far away from the Abyss Ring, the Prana Bomb morphed in shape to resemble a boat, revealing a couple dozen Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms, led by the Empyrean Zinger King.

They paddled the boat while keeping watch on their surroundings, ensuring they weren't spotted by the Cooter Clansmen.

Using the chaos created by the Boar King, they gradually arrived at Roit Island and slipped into the mine, taking refuge at a deep enough spot. There were fifteen thousand Free Humans on Roit Island, all of whom had been roped into the Quip Tribe.

Lacking Spirit Containers, they were living in an extreme state. The Empyrean Zinger King planned to take care of them and nurture them, so that one day, they would attain Clansmen status.

The first Empyrean Zinger King was at the Sanrey Plains, while the second one was at the Dralh Sea, both with the same intention, which was to develop their respective Quip Tribes.

The chase was relentless as the Empyrean Boar King rushed through a sea of flame and eventually arrived at the Guna Caves. "See you later, suckers!"

The Empyrean Boar King jumped deeper into the Guna Caves after insulting the group of Empyrean Snappers hot on its trail. Once it had fallen deep enough in a tunnel, it spat out the figures of Inala and Wittral. Reverting to human form, the Boar King grabbed them and commented in laughter, "That was fun."

"I want to go for round two now."

Volume 3: Cooter Clan Immortals—The End!

--------------------

Author Announcement: I have released the First Minor Crisis from Sumatra Chronicles on my Patreon. It's free to read.

patreon.com/Anvelope

For 1 USD a Month, you'll get the following content exclusively:

1)  Sumatra Chronicles Hype Scenes

2)  21 Minor Crises (From Sumatra Chronicles)

3)  4 Major Disasters (From Sumatra Chronicles)

4)  Mammoth Ancestor's Origin Story

5)  Character Art (Once a Month) [Poll Based]

6)  A Patreon Exclusive Novel.



Chapter 353 Legendary Dance of Annihilation

A series of hills littered the ground, with quite a few of them being tall enough to be called mountains. The soil was fertile and abundant with groundwater. Bountiful rains caressed the land, creating a tropical climate that fostered life.

Pranic Beasts grew here in droves, leading lives of plenty, surrounded by Parute Trees that grew with staggering numbers.

Large Pranic Beast colonies formed here and fought against the Brimgan Empire, a growing Free Human settlement where a significant number of geniuses emerged all the time. Even though the fights were always bloody, due to the fertile lands, it was easy to recover lost numbers for all sides.

Fertility was at an all-time high in the region, as it always was. Many colonies of Pranic Beasts mingled around the place, occupying their territories based on their strength and size.

Leading one such colony was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, having entered the Gold Grade through a Mutation. It became an overlord of the region and protected its Silver Grade brethren, resisting attacks from equally powerful Pranic Beasts.

Today was no different from the others as it continued its duty, until it couldn't. It happened during the peak hours of the afternoon, a time of leisure after a hearty meal.

Making its home at the peak of a mountain in the region, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast had closed its eyes to sleep, hearing the usual cacophony of sounds that were ever present in the place, a sign of bustling activity from its brethren that roamed the place and made merry.

Suddenly, all the senses it had honed through countless life-and-death battles went haywire, alarming it to the maximum. A threat was approaching, one unlike anything it had ever witnessed.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast lifted its head in alarm and despairingly stared as a column of night descended onto a mountain a dozen kilometres away. As night hit, all signs of activity on the mountain came to a cease.

It was silent, drowning out all sounds as a second column of night descended, right adjacent to the mountain, connecting the two like a wall. The wall extended in length, spreading out in all directions to drown everything in sight.

"Kreeeee!" It screamed in a fluster to alert its brethren and felt all strength leave its being as the wall of night extended its way until it enveloped its territory in a region of night, soundless.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast couldn't hear the sounds of its brethren anymore. Despite being a powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beast, it was terrified, observing the soil under its feet turn into grey sand and begin to consume it.

In a matter of seconds, the grey sand acted as a quicksand, beginning to swallow the Gold Grade Pranic Beast into the ground. It hurriedly unleashed a flurry of attacks to break free and expanded its Prana sense, detecting its closest brethren to rush in its direction.

Followed by a light chomp, it threw the brethren on its back and continued to run, rescuing more of its kind, all while enduring blighting pain as the grey sand continued to eat into its legs. "Kreeee!"

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast picked a direction and rushed forth in a straight line, following its instinct as the mountain that it grew up on, its home, crumbled into grey sand.

Too much of its Prana had been consumed by the grey sand while it was rescuing its brethren. Almost exhausted, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast collapsed right as it crossed over the blanket of night and arrived at regular land.

Its brethren had just disembarked from its back when suddenly, a tidal wave of grey sand splashed on it from the Sandy-Grey Void behind, grabbed its body, and yanked it back into the treacherous region.

"Keee!"

"Kree!"

"Kruaaa!"

Its Silver Grade brethren screamed in sadness, watching it be devoured by the grey sand before they could no longer see it, their vision obstructed by the curtain of night.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast lay in the grey sand, helpless as it gazed at a group of individuals surrounding it. It opened its mouth and commented in the local language of the region.

[Damn Mudroppers!]

Grey sand sprinkled on its body and diced it up into multiple pieces. Tongues latched onto the pieces and grabbed them.

"Kroak!" A Mudropper swallowed a large body piece of the Gold Grade Pranic Beast, feeling satiated as the food was extremely nourishing.

Prana surged around its body and created a platform out of the grey sand, one that acted as a boat to move about in the Sandy-Grey Void, the primary means used by Mudroppers to travel, since biologically, they could only jump once a day, with each jump covering a kilometre.

Jutting out of the grey sand were Mudroppers, numbering in the tens of thousands, launching an invasion. They drilled through the Sumatra Continent, creating large networks of Sandy-Grey Void tunnels, through which they popped up in any region of their choice, consumed all the Pranic Beasts there, and retreated.

In the Sandy-Grey Void, they were absolute. Even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were helpless against them.

Large colonies of Pranic Beasts were wiped out as the Mudroppers invaded their lands, destroyed their habitats, and devoured them all.

"Hmm, what a surprise. The Mudroppers are indeed here." A calm voice resounded as a figure leaped onto a mountain and stared at the wall of night approaching her location. It was a human woman, sporting a ripped body with ivory hair that reached her ankle.

Held in her hand, wrapped around by a purple ribbon was a tentacled creature appearing no different to a plushie. She ruffled the creature's tentacles and commented happily, "You're improving a lot, Cutie Ren."

"Master, I'm twenty years old. Please don't treat me as a child." The tentacled creature pouted in protest.

"Twenty years…" The woman pinched the tentacled creature's cheek, cuddling it, "You're not a child. You're a literal baby."

"Come to momma!"

"They're coming, master." The tentacled creature retorted upon seeing the column of night close in on them.

"Right on time." The woman placed the tentacled creature on the ground and leaped casually, covering a couple kilometres in distance before suddenly, a gigantic entity landed on the ground, creating an earthquake as the region rumbled.

"Kurralalalala!" Followed by a trumpet, the creature raised its weight, creating a storm as a large volume of air was sucked into its trunk. Aiming into the approaching column of night, the entity became ready, activating another ability.

Nature Weapon—Sandy-Grey!

A tornado was unleashed through the trunk, filled with the power of her Nature Weapon. It slammed into the blanket of night and destroyed it, like popping a balloon, revealing a large group of Mudroppers stuck on the grey sand, staring at the colossal entity in absolute terror.

The beings that caused terror all across Sumatra Continent now stared at this ginormous entity of untold proportions, in absolute terror.

[There's a lot of you this time!]

A voice resounded from the ginormous entity that lifted its trunk and danced, one that would later be passed down through times as the Legendary Dance of Annihilation.

After all, right as the dance ended, the bodies of many Mudroppers turned into fist-sized Nature Weapons and flew into the trunk. Seeing so many of their brethren lose their lives caused the rest of the Mudroppers to flee underground, taking advantage of their Sandy-Grey Void network to run away.

"They are like worms." The ginormous entity reverted to human form and commented, expressing mild annoyance, watching the large regions of Sandy-Grey litter the place, sighing at the end, "At this rate, Sumatra Continent will collapse."

"I need to do something about these parasites before that."



Chapter 354 More Players Join the Fun

"Come here, Cutie Ren." The woman flailed her hand once and created a tornado that reached the peak of the mountain where she had dropped the tentacled creature. She had exerted her strength in such a way that the insides of the tornado became smooth enough to resemble a slide, using which the tentacled creature glided to the ground.

"Master, wouldn't it be dangerous to recklessly waste your Prana?" The tentacled creature expressed its worry, "The Mudroppers might attack once you have exhausted your strength."

"Are you worrying about me?" The woman pulled the tentacled creature into a hug, "You're getting cuter by the minute!"

"Though," Her voice turned serious as she stared at the region enveloped by the Sandy-Grey Void continuing to increase, "This is indeed getting out of hand."

The woman leaped into a Sandy-Grey Void and unleashed the power of a Nature Weapon to destroy it.

Nature Weapon—Sandy-Grey!

She took out one of the Nature Weapons from her stomach biome and crushed it into powder to sprinkle it on the ground, watching the grey sand revert back to the regular ground that existed there in the first place.

"Hmph!" Followed by a grunt, Prana gushed out of her body like a torrent and caused the land to recover its original vitality. As for the beautiful range of hills? Unfortunately, they couldn't be recovered.

"I liked the scenery here." The woman sighed in regret upon observing that she had destroyed all traces of grey sand in the region, including the Sandy-Grey Void network that had been in its underground.

"Who…are you?" A figure landed thirty metres away from her, staring at her in absolute shock, awed by her abilities, "How are you able to destroy the Sandy-Grey Void?"

"It's courtesy to introduce yourself before asking for someone's identity." The woman spoke casually, displaying the pride of someone with absolute power.

"Farja Brimgan," The man introduced himself, displaying a mild bow in response, "I'm the current generation Emperor of the Brimgan Empire."

"May I know who you are?" He glanced at the figure of the tentacled monster glaring his way before observing the woman.

"Mahira Tusk." The woman smiled casually. Of course, she was none other than the woman who brought the Mammoth Clan into existence, the first one to become an Empyrean Tusk.

Mammoth Ancestor—Mahira Tusk!

…

"Herbs! Buy some herbs!" A peddler hawked on the streets while holding a bundle of leaves, "They improve your skin if you take a bath with them."

"Pearls! Get five at the price of four." Another peddler exhibited a bunch of pearl necklaces, "Necklaces! Rings! Bracelets! We have them all!"

In a wide street filled with peddlers selling all kinds of wares walked a woman, her countenance dull, irritated. She stared at a large shop on the street, feeling a subtle headache upon hallucinating it to be a castle built out of grey sand.

She shook her head and observed reality. Her footsteps slow, the woman reached the end of the street and boarded a carriage, throwing a plaque to the coachman, "To the Karuta Hill!"

"Right away." The coachman took his seat and seeped his Prana into the mainframe gear. It was his Spirit Weapon and began to rotate through psychokinesis. Through a set of gears, the generated torque was transferred to the wheels, causing the coach to begin moving.

Three hours later, the coach arrived at the peak of Karuta Hill, a tourist destination in the Brimgan Empire. The lady got down and continued her walk, approaching a scenic spot from where one could relish the valley beyond.

A platform had been constructed along the cliff, turned into a pleasant café to enjoy the sights while sipping some tea in the misty environment amidst the fog-covered hill.

"What would you like to have, Ma'am?" A waiter approached her promptly and sported a wide smile.

"A cup of tea and some biscuits." The woman said and tapped the table, "I'm new to this place. Mind explaining about the sights here?"

"Of course!" The waiter said and began speaking once the refreshments arrived, his motions swift as he poured her a cup, "This valley was where the Dance of Annihilation was last displayed."

"Look there," The waiter pointed at a spot on the ground when the fog cleared up a bit, "Lying there is proof that has been protected for thousands of years."

"Hmm…" The woman stared at the bottom of the valley and noticed a gigantic tusk lying there, hoisted up by a platform. The tusk spanned a length of four hundred metres, gigantic to witness, even from the peak of Karuta Hill.

As she stared at the tusk, the headache plaguing her grew intense as memories began to flash through her mind at a quicker speed. A scene where Mudroppers charged at an Empyrean Tusk and were annihilated in response.

The broken tusk was left in the wake of that bloody battle, after which Mudroppers became a part of history. Since it happened in the Brimgan Empire's territory, with their longstanding history, the events were recorded in detail and preserved to date.

'This is where we died, huh?' The woman exhaled slowly, trying her best to control her headache, asking after a minute, "Where can I read more about this incident?"

"Actually," The waiter hesitated before saying, "One needs permission from a Royal to get access to them. Commoners like us aren't even allowed to enter the premises where records of that earth-shattering battle are kept."

"I see," The woman nodded and calmly approached the edge of the platform and peered into the valley. It was a lush green valley covered by mist to create a breathtaking view. But in her eyes, layering it was a rocky region covered by the blood of her brethren and the Empyrean Tusk they battled against.

The more she observed the valley, the greater her headache got. Soon, clear images began to pop up in her mind as she began to unlock more and more of her inheritance, becoming aware of things she didn't even know existed in her.

'This started right as I entered the 2-Life Stage.' The woman thought, sighing in response, 'I need to find out how my ancestors managed to encode all the information present within every individual member of our race into our genetic material and passed it down through so many generations.'

The woman was the Mudropper, Maroppa, having adapted to her life at the Brimgan Empire. She originally intended to lay low, but the day she reached the 2-Life Stage, strange memories began to crop up in her mind, opening to her a sea of information that didn't exist before.

It was somehow genetically transmitted from one generation to another of ignorant Mudroppers. Finally, when Maroppa gained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, became a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, and reached the 2-Life Stage, this was unlocked.

Even with her expanded potential in terms of body and mind, not to mention it being amplified by a second body stacked on her, Maroppa was still feeling headaches. The volume of information was startling, to say the least.

In a daze, Maroppa gazed at the tusk in silence, feeling a multitude of emotions well up in her, 'Yes, I'll revive my race.'

Maroppa looked up to stare at a Transcendent World sporting a small ivory region, 'I know you're watching the Mammoth Clan from there, Mahira Tusk. One day, I'll ascend as a Transcendent and kill you. The screams of my dead ancestors wouldn't stop until then.'

Suddenly, the image of Gannala flashed in her mind, 'Right, the Supreme Tusk's successor. I should be able to find out more about Mahira Tusk's abilities through her inheritance. She too must be in possession of a comprehensive inheritance that surpasses all Empyrean Tusks.'

"It seems we'll be meeting again," Her eyes expressed the bottomless chills of the Sandy-Grey Void, "Inala."



Chapter 355 Boar King Bus

Guna Caves!

At the bottom of a shallow tunnel was a strange situation. Peeking across the entire section of the tunnel were Shifting Ants, numbering in the thousands. Strewn at the bottom, amidst Ewworms were Bludders, acting cute while coiled up to resemble decoration.

They formed a circle and remained still, as if posing for a photo that took decades to be clicked. The cause was a certain individual that stood in the centre of the circle, his expression calm, staring at the two individuals before him.

The Boar King hadn't even released much of his presence, but even that was enough to freeze up all these Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. In response to his presence, the Bludders acted like a ball, the Shifting Ants turned into sculptures, and the Ewworms acted like noodles.

They all tried their best in whatever ways they could think on the spot to avoid the Boar King's attention. Of course, the latter had better things to do than bully Pranic Beasts considered dust in his eyes.

He stared at Inala and asked with a smile, "Did you manage to obtain Subtle Terrain Domination?"

"Yes," Inala nodded and generated a mild wind in response.

"And what about you?" The Boar King stared at Wittral next, smiling upon seeing the latter conjure a Prana Bomb.

There was no dialogue exchanged between them, but Inala and Wittral uniformly hid details regarding their ability to swap genders. It was best to hide such a trump card, for even someone as knowledgeable as the Boar King would never expect them.

"Awesome!" The Boar King grinned in excitement as he stared at Inala in a new light, "That truly worked. You're a mad genius, Amita."

"I…just did whatever I could in desperation." Inala smiled bashfully in response. Honestly, being praised by his ultimate enemy was an odd feeling, something he couldn't digest.

"You didn't just obtain Subtle Terrain Domination, but you even became a Cooter Clansman." The Boar King nodded, thinking, 'That last part is a bit of a pity though. It would have been better if she remained a Free Human. She could have become a good friend to Yarsha.'

Yes, Inala's female form was that of a Cooter Clansman now. Unfortunately, he couldn't fully exercise a Cooter Clansman's power system, since he had already attained Body Stage as a Mammoth Clansman.

Therefore, whether it be his male or female form, he would be transforming into the respective Zinger versions, as he would through the Mammoth Clan's power system.

Had he obtained this power at the Spirit Stage, Inala's female form could have cultivated the power of a Spirit Pool and even become able to take on a Spirit Weapon form. But that route was blocked since he was already at the Body Stage.

It was fine though, as his gains were a lot already.

"Now, let's get to the serious part." The Boar King's expression changed subtly as the Bludders trembled in response, "How were you planning to assist me in finding Loot?"

"I have felt his Prana many times before. Even though I don't have his Prana signature recorded in me, I can still try to emulate all the versions I sensed of him." Inala said.

"Versions?" The Boar King frowned, "You mean, he was hiding his Prana signature even before you?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "Every time he used Prana, there was a different signature. So, it'll be impossible to determine what his Prana signature actually is like. But, I'm sure having all his variations would help you narrow it down. After all, all roots must lead to one source, right?"

"True," The Boar King nodded. That was precisely how he tracked Inala's location at Leh Island through the Brangara puppets. So, the Boar King was confident in tracking Loot's location through it.

Besides, he already knew that Loot was at the Mammoth Clan. His objective now was to have a tracking method that could point him toward Loot once the latter starts to flee from the Mammoth Clan.

The Empyrean Tusks would feel his location, allowing Loot to escape well in advance. Hence, the Boar King would require a proper means to chase after Loot. Having the variations was enough help to him.

'Let's see,' Inala thought of how he would emulate Virala's Prana signatures. Of course, he hadn't absorbed the latter's Prana, so creating the original's signature was impossible. Besides, that wasn't his intention anyway.

He planned to create Prana signatures that were ten percent Virala and ninety percent other random crap. The random part would have Prana signatures of the countless Pranic Beasts whose data he had consumed.

A regular Life Bomb appeared in his hand as Inala activated Mystic Mist Art, seeping his Prana into the fluid within to refine it, gradually causing it to contain the Prana signature that he intended it to.

"Here's one." He expressed in exhaustion and slumped to the ground, "I need to rest a little before doing it again."

"Twenty minutes for one." The Boar King commented as he observed the Life Bomb, noticing the Prana signature be preserved well within it, 'I can use this a few times before it loses its value.'

Inala consumed a Low-Grade Elixir from the baggage he had brought and used the generated Prana to create a second Life Bomb with the falsified Virala's Prana signature. In a few hours, he created a bunch of Life Bombs, stopping at the fifteenth to say, "This is the last signature."

"That's a lot." The Boar King nodded and pocketed them all. He then stared at the duo and asked, "Where will the two of you go?"

"I was thinking of heading to the Brimgan Empire originally. But," Inala smiled wryly and stared at himself, "I'm afraid that's not possible as a Cooter Clansman. Free Humans at the Life Stage can figure out our identities."

'It's better to keep someone this useful close by.' The Boar King thought, 'If these Life Bombs work, then I'll be needing more of them in the future.'

He never assumed he'd be successful in finding Lurt on the first attempt. The latter seemed incredibly slippery until now, not to mention his cunningness. Therefore, it was bound to be a long game of cat and mouse chase.

"That's not an issue." The Boar King took out a pair of simple rings and slung them on the fingers of Wittral and Inala, "Circulate your Prana through these once and you'll appear no different from Free Humans to the senses of the Brimgan Empire Life Stage cultivators. Just control air and make it seem like a product of your Human Avatars and you'll be fine."

"We'll follow your orders." Inala nodded and circulated Prana through the ring, watching his presence as a Cooter Clansman vanish and become that of a Free Human, 'The effects are a tad inferior to my Inhibition Needle, but it's still terrifying.'

The ring seemed capable of fooling the senses of those at the Gold Grade at most. But the Inhibition Needle worked against even the Boar King. It was superior since it was refined using the skeleton of an entire Millinger using grey sand by the Mudropper.

The ring was casually refined by the Boar King using a small piece of an Empyrean Tusk's tusk. They couldn't be compared.

'Though the Inhibition Needle shouldn't be effective towards those above the Gold Grade, it has worked wonders.' Inala thought and stared at the Boar King, 'Until now, he hasn't realised it. Good, if things stay like this, then maybe in the future when I conceptualise a better idea, I can enlist the Boar King's help by taking advantage of Loot.'

"I'll drop you two at the Brimgan Empire." Saying so, the Boar King carried the two and made a beeline towards the Brimgan Empire. This was the first time in history that a Mammoth Clansman could ride the Boar King.

'Hurray for the Boar King Bus!' Inala cheered mentally upon seeing his surroundings change rapidly under the Boar King's speed—who sprinted in his Pranic Beast form. Clutching the Empyrean Boar King's hair for dear life was Inala and Wittral, remaining stuck on its back, hitching a free ride for thousands of kilometres.



Chapter 356 Transfer of Resources

A journey that would have taken Inala months to traverse was completed in a couple of days by the Boar King, and that too when he was holding back.

The Boar King was able to break the sound barrier at his top sprint. Had he done that, then they would have reached the Brimgan Empire within a day. Since the passengers weren't able to withstand those speeds, he went slow.

"It seems the Brimgan Empire had raided this region just the day before." The Boar King muttered upon failing to detect any Pranic Beast activity in the location where he had arrived, "So, it'll be safe for the time being. Just march towards the entrance of the Empire and join them."

He didn't explain things further, as that wasn't necessary. Both Wittral and Amita Brimgan were very smart and knew what to do. So, his advice would be needless.

Originally, the Boar King wanted to bring the duo to his wife and make them her servants. But after some consideration, he refrained from the thought, 'I don't want Loot to discover my wife and family.'

Hence, he left the duo to their fates. The Boar King had the three grains resultant from the Brangara puppets, using which he could always determine Inala's location. So, he wasn't concerned about where Inala and Wittral would take refuge in the massive Brimgan Empire.

"I want to express my gratitude." Wittral bowed in response before declaring with excitement, "One day, I'll give you a good fight."

"Do you think you have a chance?" The Boar King gazed at the latter, "Even after seeing a portion of my strength, you still think you can fight me?"

"I said I'll give you a good fight, not defeat you." Wittral shrugged, "But I'll keep training to be strong enough. Watch me."

"Alright, train hard." The Boar King laughed, "I'm always open for a challenge."

He then waved his hand and disappeared, causing a vapour cone to form in his spot a second later. Once he left, Wittral stretched his limbs and groaned, "My joints hurt from the travel."

Wittral looked around and commented, "We have a day's journey on foot to reach the entrance. Thankfully, there are no Pranic Beasts along the way."

"Can you give me a few minutes of privacy, Wittral?" Inala asked, clutching his stomach, "There's something I need to do in a hurry."

"Is it related to your worsening health?" Wittral asked in concern upon seeing a trail of blood drip out of Inala's nose.

"Yes, I was holding back long enough to avoid revealing it to the Boar King." Inala nodded, "But I'm reaching my limit."

"I'll help you." Wittral spoke in seriousness, "This place isn't safe."

"No, I don't want you to see the process." Inala stated vehemently, "So, go away for a bit."

"…Fine," Wittral mumbled as he walked away and sat on a tree stump.

Inala looked around and noticed a large boulder nearby, one that reached a height of forty metres. It was large enough to hide whatever he planned to do next. Approaching it, Inala seeped his Prana into the boulder, instantly exerting his will upon the latter to turn it into his Spirit Weapon.

Secondary Nature—Subtle Terrain Domination!

A cave formed in the boulder as it expanded in size, becoming a dome as Inala closed the entrance once he was inside. Now, surrounded by the boulder on all sides, he didn't have to worry about the Prana detection abilities of any third parties from seeing what he was about to do, including Wittral.

Reverting to his male form, Inala focused on his Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity—and determined the Boar King's position, 'He's already twenty kilometres away. He's damn fast as always.'

'Gannala, get ready!' Inala said as an Empyrean Zinger encased Gannala in a Prana Bomb, filling it up with Internal Inertial Gravity. Slowly, the Prana Bomb was carried to the top of the stomach biome through his psychokinesis.

And when it reached the entrance, the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity were maximised within it. The biome ended at the entrance, following which was Inala's regular food pipe. As the Prana Bomb was about to enter the food pipe, it began to shrink, thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity bending space within.

This happened a moment after it exited the biome, hence the two spaces didn't conflict with each other. It was a bit tricky to put in and take out things when Inala wasn't as massive as an Empyrean Tusk. But having done it enough countless times, he was an expert at the process.

He coughed out the Prana Bomb and watched it revert to its original size and crack, revealing the figure of Gannala who instantly jumped into his embrace, "Dad! It took too long! I missed you!"

"I missed you too." Inala patted her and stared at her in surprise, "You grew taller."

"I'm almost seven years old now." Gannala said, smiling cutely as she transformed into a four-metre-tall Empyrean Tusk and reverted to her human form, "I have the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator now."

"We have succeeded, Dad!"

"Thank…goodness." Inala felt strength leave his body as he hugged her, glad that everything worked as he had intended, "I was nervous all along."

"I know, I have been reading your thoughts." Gannala said, her eyes moist as she trembled, "It was hard to be aware of your constant worries and the mental conflicts you endured for every decision."

"Leave it be," Inala broke into laughter, "You're not bound to a single fate any longer. Once you reach the 2-Life Stage, you can live life as you please."

The Inhibition Needle would allow her to take on the identity of a Free Human and live in human civilisation, free from the Boar King's wrath. The effects of the Inhibition Needle only extended to a single body, so only one body can live in peace.

But still, it meant that one body of Gannala could live without worries.

Upon seeing that she was healthy, Inala was relieved. Her birth may not have been his desire or a part of his plan, but he took responsibility for her and achieved what he wanted to do for her as her father.

He created a future for Gannala, giving her one of the greatest potential possible, for through the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, she could reach the 10-Life Stage and become a Transcendent, becoming the first Empyrean Tusk to do so.

Until now, all Mammoth Clansmen that became Transcendents weren't Empyrean Tusks in the proper sense. Even the Mammoth Ancestor was merely like Resha, a Mammoth Clansman who could transform into an Empyrean Tusk.

Gannala was the first of her kind, being similar to the Boar King in that she didn't have to consume any Prana to be in both her human and Empyrean Tusk form. Both were her natural state of being.

She inhaled a deep breath before Prana began to condense in her internal organs, turning them into biomes.

"It's time to fill them up," Inala said and began to take out resources from his stomach biome and fed them to Gannala, watching her smile widely, for she could resume living as an Empyrean Tusk.

"Dad, what do we do about the Empyrean Zingers?" Gannala asked, "Even though I can store them in my biome, it'll become hard to accumulate the resources necessary for their growth. I'm afraid I'll have to depend on them just for the needs of myself. Taking care of them is impossible."

"I have a plan in regards to that." Inala smiled and patted her on the head, "Remember the tunnel system we made in Ellora City?"

"Yes," Gannala nodded as her eyes sparkled, "You mean…?"

"Indeed." Inala grinned.



Chapter 357 The Boar King is Coming!

Running alongside the banks of the Red-Draft River were the duo of Virala and Blola. This was the simplest way to travel and avoid getting lost in the wilds of Sumatra. As long as they proceed in this route, they will eventually come across the Brask Channel.

From there, they could head towards the Dralh Sea, followed by the Vrumsh Channel, and eventually arrive at the Brimgan Sea. In terms of distance travelled, this route was very long, reaching to about 20,000 kilometres from their current location. It was a roundabout travel path.

If they were to travel through the land route, there were paths ranging from about 6,000 kilometres to 10,000 kilometres. But the risks were high and they could always get lost while navigating through the dangerous Pranic Beast territories.

Hence, though it might take longer, it was best to travel in the safest path possible, especially to avoid getting stranded in the middle of nowhere.

Gold Nature Weapon—Artillery!

Gold Nature Weapon—Tusk!

Virala kept these two equipped, for they were versatile enough to solve all situations. The Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk granted him the Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, allowing him to cover long distances while expending the least possible amount of energy.

It also gave him a robust body, capable of tanking the strongest of attacks. This body of Virala was at the peak of the Body Stage. Hence, it retained the full extent of an Empyrean Tusk's capabilities. Moreover, it was also equipped to ensure Virala didn't run into the Boar King.

The Boar King was always on the move through Sumatra Continent, as depicted in Sumatra Chronicles, and as witnessed in the current timeline. Hence, there was a chance Virala could run into the Boar King, which was why he equipped the Gold Nature Weapon of Tusk.

This way, if the Boar King were to approach him, he would know well in advance. Other than that, the Gold Nature Weapon of Artillery granted him the Nature of Bone-Melting Artillery, the power of a Centinger upgraded to Gold Grade.

No matter how powerful or how numerous the threat got, Virala could transform into an Empyrean Tusk and rain hell on the region with an artillery strike, devastating everything until not even a hair of the enemy remained.

These two Nature Weapons were a powerful combo and the strongest in his arsenal at the moment. 'If only there was a way to extract the Secondary Nature of a Millinger, I'll truly be unstoppable.'

The Millingers possessed the Secondary Nature of Inhibition Dome, which rendered all emission-based abilities reliant on Prana useless. With that, Virala would be able to erect a domain around him where he was invincible.

Unfortunately, Inhibition Dome was a Secondary Nature. Meaning, it couldn't be extracted through Weaponisation.

Whether it was Weaponisation or Voracious Nature, they were only effective on targets with a single Nature. Meaning, they could only extract Primary Natures of the target in the case they possessed only that.

Hence, it was impossible to obtain the Natures of Mutated Pranic Beasts. Otherwise, the Millingers would be the most targeted by the Boar King, considering how powerful their abilities were. It was the same for Virala too.

'I need to work towards that.' Virala thought, 'Maybe there's a way I can destroy a Pranic Beast's nature after occupying one of its slots. As long as I succeed in that, I can obtain the Natures of even Mutated Pranic Beasts.'

"This will take forever," Blola said and transformed into the Transcendent Eater to take root and absorb large quantities of nutrients from the soil. Once he felt satiated, he created a bunch of Parute Fruits, harvesting them to the side, following which he reverted to human form. "Here, take these."

"Thanks," Virala said and munched on a bunch of Parute Fruits. He wasn't in the least flustered about consuming them, for they were no different from the Parute Fruits found on Parute Trees.

Consuming 100 Parute Fruits granted a unit of Prana. Similarly, there were Parute King Fruits, and the consumption of each granted a unit of Prana. Blola was able to create both of them, since they were all created by unevolved hatchlings of a Transcendent Eater.

Transcendent Eaters lived in the Transcendent Worlds. Some tendrils of their roots extended beyond them and were birthed on Sumatra Continent as Parute Trees. The case was the same on other Continents too.

It could be stated that all Parute Trees on a Continent were derived from a single Transcendent Eater.

"Your ability is a literal cheat." Virala said in awe as he ate more Parute Fruits to help in the development of his biomes, "You can create wealth on par with a Kingdom on your own."

"If you had known about it, would you have raced towards the Parute Seed first?" Blola asked.

"Nope, that's not my style." Virala shook his head and caused his moustache to wriggle in response, "It's not fun if there's no challenge. And I love a challenge. My abilities can be changed once I get bored of them, so things will always remain fresh and interesting."

'Spoken like a true fuckboy. You're the type to get bored with a woman quickly, no matter how interesting she is. Seems you have the same mentality towards everything.' Blola thought and didn't voice his remark out loud. He continued to run until he spotted a mineral-rich region, where he transformed into a Transcendent Eater, took root, and consumed a voracious sum of resources to grow in response.

To avoid leaving behind blatant traces, he controlled his consumption. Otherwise, by sucking in dry all resources in the region, he could reach the peak of the Body Stage—for his current body—overnight.

"What do you think the others are planning?" Blola asked in concern, "Orakha might already be at the Brimgan Empire by now. Inala too might be there."

"Are you able to extract any information regarding them from the Transcendent Eater?" Virala asked.

"Nope," Blola shook his head, "The stronger the reincarnates get, the greater their information is protected by the Transcendent Eater. Recently, I've only been able to get useless information regarding them."

"The abilities of Inala and Orakha are constantly evolving. So, I fear our information regarding the two is already outdated." He concluded.

"That leaves the remaining three." Virala said, making predictions, "Resha and Grehha are working together. I don't think they plan to leave the Mammoth Clan anytime soon. That leaves Yennda, who isn't much of a concern."

"Yeah, our bodies back at the Mammoth Clan will keep him in check." Blola nodded, "So, only Inala and Orakha are our enemies. Both are pretty troublesome."

"You think of ways to outwit Orakha." Virala smirked subtly, "As for Inala, I'll take care of him."

'He has two women accompanying him. Things will be easier than expected once I approach them.' He grinned. But a couple of seconds later, his face froze up as he announced in alarm, "The Boar King is heading in our direction."

"When will he get here?" Blola asked, getting ready to commit suicide in the worst-case scenario.

"At his current speed, it'll take him six days." Virala calculated based on the rate at which the fear drew close, "It seems there are too many obstacles along his path, and his route isn't a straight line. But this is concerning."

"What is?" Blola asked, getting worried upon noticing Virala's face turn pale.

Virala closed his eyes and focused all his attention on Internal Inertial Gravity, transforming into an Empyrean Tusk to get a more accurate feel. Thirty minutes later, he reverted to human form and muttered in disbelief, "How the fuck did this happen?"

"Don't keep me in suspense!" Blola shouted in alarm, "What happened?"

"We're his target!" Virala shouted with a trembling voice, "Fuck! He's able to track us somehow!"



Chapter 358 Evasive On the Clock

No matter in which direction the Boar King moved, from time to time, the way in which he turned pointed directly towards Virala. Depending on the habitats, the Boar King generally had to circle around mountains, avoid fragile ecologies that would be destroyed under his presence, etc.

As a result, he couldn't travel in a straight line. But as his goal was Virala, no matter how much he meandered, all his turns were towards Virala.

"I need to confirm something." Virala said, grabbed Blola and ran at his top speed, using an Empyrean Tusk's strength to travel long distances in a short while, constantly keeping track of the fear to confirm, "Indeed, he's aiming for us."

"Stay here for a second." Virala dropped Blola and ran ten kilometres away, thinking as he noticed the changes, 'He's particularly coming for me. Why? Did I mess up somewhere? No, I haven't left the Mammoth Clan before this. There's no way I did anything to trigger the Boar King. Then, there's just one reason.'

"Either it's Orakha or Inala." Virala muttered, his gaze serious as he made guesses, "What should be the motive? To stop my growth? But trying to lure in the Boar King for such a case is too risky."

'Who is that desperate to get rid of me?' Virala frowned. Even Resha wasn't desperate in that regard. After all, the latter had the power to get rid of him easily. So it wasn't an issue he would bother the Boar King with, for that was crazy.

'There's only one guy who's as crazy as me to do this. And he has the motives to do so.' Virala sighed, 'Inala, that fucker. He's planning something huge, possibly through Ganala, since she's the Supreme Tusk's successor. Did he pin the blame on me? That seems likely.'

Orakha didn't have a strong enough motive to take such risks. Besides, though Orakha was a risk-taker, he wasn't a lunatic to dare mess with the Boar King. Among the reincarnates, only two had the guts to do that—Inala and Virala.

"He's coming for you." Virala lied once he returned to where Blola stood, "I think he discovered the shit you pulled in Ennoudu Plains."

"Seriously? Why now?" Blola screamed in worry, "That was so long ago!"

"Inala probably leaked it." Virala commented, "The Chief commanded Orakha to bring some Empyrean Tusk bone powder to Inala. The two would have met regarding that. As long as Gannala touches Orakha, she can read his memories. That may be how Inala learnt of your actions and used it to his advantage."

"Shit!" Blola cursed, "It's all because of Orakha. He's a fucking snitch! He should have kept whatever he learnt from the Transcendent Eater to himself."

"What do we do now, Virala?" Blola was flustered, "If the Boar King swallows me, he'll obtain the Transcendent Eater's Nature. It'll be impossible to kill him after that. Worst comes to worst, the Transcendent Eater's Nature would overpower his Astral Chart, devour him, and use that as fuel to sprout. Our Continent is doomed if that happens."

"Relax." Virala stated casually, "I can handle this. Get inside me. I'll take care of you."

Virala took on his Empyrean Tusk form, becoming as massive as a mountain as his trunk unleashed a strong suction force, sucking in Blola along with the surrounding vegetation. Once the latter was safe in his stomach biome, Virala reverted to his human form.

'One day, I would love to have the Transcendent Eater's Nature, but I probably don't have the strength to handle that power. It's alright, I have plenty of time.' Virala thought casually as he began to sprint, coming to a stop upon finding an Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

He swapped the Gold Nature Weapon of Artillery with the Gold Nature Weapon of Leech, becoming ready as he stored the rest of his Nature Weapons in his stomach biome. He reverted his Storage Lanterns to their original size so that the space inside them would vanish, following which he swallowed them too.

Virala then leapt towards the Iron Grade Pranic Beast and took on his Nature Weapon form, seeping into its body once he came into contact with it. He took up its Secondary Nature slot without issues and observed, 'Alright, there's no issues in taking up this form even with a living being in my stomach. As expected of a Mystic Grade Nature. It's absurdly broken.'

As long as Blola doesn't try attacking his stomach biome, Virala won't have issues maintaining his Nature Weapon form.

Once he fully settled in the Secondary Nature slot, he exerted influence upon the Iron Grade Pranic Beast, causing it to begin moving as he desired. Through the Nature Weapon of Leech, he used the Decaleech's power to keep the latter stealthy.

The only way to detect this Iron Grade Pranic Beast was through sight. Its body odour was erased while its footsteps were absolutely silent. When it walked, its body moved in such a way it didn't exert any weight on the ground.

This was thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity. Hence, without exerting any presence, the Iron Grade Pranic Beast left no traces as it continued to run along the banks of the Red-Draft River.

Two hours later, Virala was a tad relieved, 'Alright, this works. I don't know what means the Boar King is using to detect me, but thankfully, my stealth abilities are superior.'

The Decaleech's ability to remain absolutely stealthy, not being registered even in Prana detection means, the Empyrean Tusk's ability to make the body as light as a feather and leave behind no physical evidence, and finally, Virala hiding in the Secondary Nature slot of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

This was a stealth spanning multiple layers, ensuring even the best detection methods would no longer be able to detect traces of him. And indeed, it was effective as the Boar King lost sight of Virala's position.

Through Internal Inertial Gravity, Virala noticed the Boar King come to a halt, unable to detect his position anymore. 'Perfect!'

'But, he might detect my position the moment I come out.' Virala thought in response, 'And if I were to reveal my position, he'll connect the dots from my previous spot and determine that I'm heading to the Brimgan Empire. It would be catastrophic if the Boar King were to head there. All my plans would get disrupted in that scenario.'

'Alright, we're hiding until the Boar King goes away.' Virala thought and influenced the Iron Grade Pranic Beast to dig a hole and bury itself, hiding in the spot. The Boar King had to actively use his detection means to locate Virala.

He didn't believe that the Boar King would try to constantly keep that active, for such a potent ability that could track someone thousands of kilometres away should be heavily taxing on Prana. It was a matter of time before the Boar King became exhausted and needed some rest.

Virala will move in that time period. 'Now, I need to calculate that. From here, everything's guesswork.'

He frowned, trying to think of a realistic way in which he could determine the Boar King's actions, through which he could find out when it was safe to move and when it was better to remain hidden.

The Iron Grade Pranic Beast he found was the easiest to influence, but that also meant it was too fragile. He couldn't use it to travel all the way to the Brimgan Empire, 'I need a stronger Iron Grade Pranic Beast.'

After waiting for a few days, the Iron Grade Pranic Beast began to move when the coast was clear. Soon, it reached the Brask Channel, coming across the Guna Caves that spanned from it, alongside the Dralh Sea, and further beyond, occupying an expansive region.

'Found it!' Virala became excited upon staring at a mature Bludder. A moment later, he felt greedy upon seeing a Bludder in action, 'Oh my! If it's this powerful even at Iron Grade, wouldn't it be terrifying at the Silver or even the Gold Grade?'

'Guess I need to stockpile some Nature Weapons.' Followed by a grin, he caused the Iron Grade Pranic Beast to approach a Bludder that was feasting upon its prey.



Chapter 359 The Boar King Arrives, Again

"I knew it wouldn't be easy, but he managed to avoid detection that quickly?" The Boar King felt shock as he whirred up the Life Bombs in his possession, causing them to spin rapidly and point in another direction.

Without even needing to doublecheck, he knew where the destination was, 'That's the Mammoth Clan. That means he's at least at the 2-Life Stage. No, that can't be the only explanation. If doesn't have my Tertiary Nature, then it would be impossible for him to have multiple bodies. Then, there's a few other possibilities.'

Loot used the Nature of Daily Checkpoint to commit suicide and revive at the Mammoth Clan. The one sensed by the Boar King first was a clone. Maybe even the one at the Mammoth Clan was just another clone of loot.

There were multiple possibilities just based on the data he had regarding Loot, 'And there might be more about him that I'm unaware of. What kind of abilities has he accumulated from the other Continent? How many Gold Grade Natures does he have?'

The Boar King felt conflicted, feeling like he was getting led on a wild goose chase. That was precisely Inala's intention when he framed Loot as being Virala.

In the case the Boar King kills Virala, it was good riddance. Inala would be losing a competent enemy. Even otherwise, if Virala proved capable, he would keep the Boar King engaged on the chase for long. Both situations would play in Inala's favour.

"Do I visit the Mammoth Clan or not?" The Boar King frowned. Honestly, he didn't wish to face the Mammoth Clan for the time being. He wasn't strong enough to be their threat anymore, not at the 1-Life Stage. "After all, that annoying fucker is there."

Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief, and the individual touted as the second strongest on Sumatra currently. With the Gold Empyrean Tentacle's power, he was an incredibly annoying opponent for the Boar King.

In the numerous times the Boar King targeted the Mammoth Clan—the larger herd—before the merger, Raaha took a backseat and played support, constantly changing the terrain to suit the needs of the Empyrean Tusks who had an easier time fighting against him.

As a result, the outcome of the most recent clashes only amounted to large financial losses for the Mammoth Clan. Not a single Empyrean Tusk died in the past couple hundred years. For the Mammoth Clan, this was a major achievement.

And now, after the merger, there were Empyrean Tusks in the three digits. Their numbers were too many now. If the current Boar King were to fight them, he would have to activate at least four Internal Inertial Gravity, alongside dozens of Iron Grade Natures such as Prana Shock.

He would run out of Prana within a couple of minutes, which wasn't enough time to kill a single Empyrean Tusk. 'It seems I need to regain my cultivation first. But before that, it has been a while already.'

He was away from home for almost a year. His family would be missing him. Even when he brought Inala and Wittral to the Brimgan Empire, the Boar King didn't meet with his family. "Man, I have never been this busy in all my life. Why is everything happening at the same time?"

Followed by a groan, he sprinted to the Mammoth Clan. He wasn't planning on returning until he at least saw Loot in his actual form. Otherwise, he would have to make a futile trip to the Mammoth Clan in the future, which would only serve to annoy him further.

After all, the moment he hears about the Mammoth Clan, he would feel rage, experiencing an urge to slaughter them all. It would be hard for him to control himself, as that was how his race functioned—of course, that was never exhibited in cases other than his own since all his brethren lost their minds after birth.

[He's coming!]

Feeling the Boar King's approach, the 1st Empyrean Tusk alerted the herd. Hearing its announcement, Raaha ordered them to stop and hurriedly commanded the Mammoth Clan, "Collect as much resources as you can within the next two days."

"The Boar King is coming towards us. We need to prepare for battle." He then observed the 1st Empyrean Tusk's condition, his face convulsing in anger, 'We haven't recovered from the damage sustained at the Sticky Slip Plateau. In our present state, even our strongest Empyrean Tusk can only maintain its battle state for eight seconds.'

Eight seconds; that was how little time they had in their top forms, which wasn't enough to do anything against the Boar King, even when he was only at the 1-Life Stage.

And eight seconds was for the 1st Empyrean Tusk, the strongest of its kind. The weaker Empyrean Tusks barely had a couple of seconds. By the time they take on their battle state, they would have consumed all resources.

"All of you, sleep!" Raaha addressed the Empyrean Tusk herd, "Minimise your expenditure. Conserve it to the limit. I'll be unleashing the full extent of my powers to make everyone appear in a battle-ready state to the Boar King."

As long as the Empyrean Tusk herd puts on a strong front, the Boar King wouldn't fight them. Raaha had a decent picture of the Boar King's character. Hence, he was confident in making it work. He then shouted aloud, "Get to work, Blola!"

"Yes!" Blola exited his house and was carried on a platform by a master through psychokinesis. Once the platform moved closer to the ground, Blola jumped out and greeted Raaha, "Chief, is it okay if I destroy this region?"

"I don't care." Raaha said in urgency, "Suck it dry and convert everything into Parute Fruits."

"Yes!" Followed by a nod, Blola took on his Transcendent Eater form, beginning to bear Parute King Fruits in large numbers. He had taken such a destructive approach that the vitality in the region dropped sharply and was on the verge of being snuffed out.

"Hmph!" Raaha grunted as Prana billowed out of his being and affected his surroundings, terraforming it to seem like it hadn't lost its vitality. This way, the Boar King wouldn't notice the Mammoth Clan's desperation.

"We are gravely unprepared for this fight." He muttered in worry, seeing masters and elites altogether raid the surroundings for resources. They had conducted many raids recently, but the resources collected barely amounted much to the voracious appetite of 104 Empyrean Tusks.

"Master, he's drawing in closer." Resha arrived, carrying a large hammer that he had been refining recently, building it to be on par with an Empyrean Tusk's tusk. His gaze was serious as he was ready to fight with everything he had, "I'll take the lead in facing him."

"No, it's too risky." Raaha shook his head, "You're our future. On the off chance I die, I want you to lead the Mammoth Clan. I forbid you from facing him."

"I injured him the previous time. I have experience facing the Boar King." Resha said with confidence, "I'm the one most equipped to fight him. You should know it the best, Chief."

"Then you stay right next to me." Raaha commanded, "I'll protect you while facing the Boar King. Even if I die once, it's not an issue. I have many disposable lives. But you're only at the Body Stage. So, remain cool while you fight."

"Yes, Chief!" Resha saluted in response and became ready. In the meantime, the Empyrean Tusks swallowed the Parute King Fruits created by Blola to increase their reserves.

Soon, when the Boar King was an hour's distance away, Raaha retracted all the dispersed Mammoth Clansmen back to their respective settlements, making it seem like the Empyrean Tusks had gathered here to rest.

Standing on the tusk of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, Resha noticed a figure leap past one hill after another and approach them, his eyes able to observe a sea of energy sprout upon every leap from the Boar King, "With these eyes, I finally understand."

"This bastard's strength is beyond logic."



Chapter 360 Loot Reveals Himself

'Oh, they are ready to face me.' The Boar King thought upon seeing 104 Empyrean Tusks ready to enter their battle states at a moment's notice. There was still a distance of twelve kilometres between the two, so they hadn't launched an attack yet.

After all, by the time an attack reaches him from so far away, the Boar King would have long evaded it.

Since his goal wasn't to fight them, the Boar King didn't respond to their ready states, and instead focused on the caravan at the rear end of the herd, 'I can still sense him from there.'

Since this Virala body was in the Mammoth Clan, he couldn't determine the Boar King's purpose like the body that was in the wilds. Hence, he hadn't taken any proper measures. Besides, he didn't have powerful Nature Weapons that the other Virala had and as a result, was ill-equipped for the situation.

Without Internal Inertial Gravity, he wasn't even aware of the Boar King's approach until Raaha's announcement.

'He's here. He hasn't escaped.' Upon realising that, the Boar King calmed down, observing the figures of Resha and Raaha standing on the tusk of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, ready to swoop in on him with all their might.

He already knew Raaha, having faced the latter many times. The Boar King was also able to recognise Resha as the individual who wounded him at the Dieng Canyon. 'This guy will become troublesome in the future. He's my equivalent of the Mammoth Clan, an Empyrean Tusk King.'

The Boar King stared at Resha, taking advantage of the situation to have a good look at the latter, 'The more I see him, the more I understand that he's special.'

Resha had to die for the Boar King's goal of annihilating the Mammoth Clan. But that would have to wait for a while. Engaging 104 Empyrean Tusks while at the 1-Life Stage was suicide, even for him. He had constantly been moving about all over the place, not to mention having just used up most of his Prana on Inala and Wittral.

His reserves weren't enough to face the Mammoth Clan, 'Let's be cool for the time being.'

Despite his objective attitude, the Boar King's heart rate accelerated as bloodlust churned through his being. A voracious appetite to slaughter the Empyrean Tusks enveloped him as his gaze morphed in response.

Hunt!

"Keuk!" Hiding within his house that hung from the rear end of the 1st Empyrean Tusk's tusk, Blola trembled in fear, feeling the Boar King's bloodlust.

Pranic Beasts fled the region, with a majority of them going mad in response, unable to endure killing intent unleashed by Sumatra's apex predator, one that reigned at the top even amongst Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts.

Fear!

Empyrean Tusks numbering beyond eighty in their herd's order felt their legs shiver in response. Even they felt difficulty in enduring the Boar King's presence. After all, unlike the usual Boar King whose presence seemed akin to a continental mass that was just massive like a celestial body, his presence now was the focused maw of a beast with its sole intent to clobber and rip his targets into shreds.

The Internal Inertial Gravity of the Empyrean Tusks revved up instinctually, preparing for the worst.

'This is bad!' Raaha felt nervous upon seeing the reaction from the Empyrean Tusks, 'We'll suffer many deaths if they were to give in to fear and charge at the Boar King.'

Prana billowed out of him and slammed into all 104 Empyrean Tusks simultaneously, condensing his thoughts in their bodies, "Calm down!"

His ability acted as a catalyst to prevent the Empyrean Tusks from losing their cool as the ones that were about to charge out calmed down and didn't move from their spots.

"Phew!" The Boar King exhaled softly and curbed his bloodlust, patting his chest in response, "Calm down. Calm down!"

'Shall I test something?' The Boar King thought as he used a Zinger's Nature to create a Prana Bomb. He held it tight, exerted strength in his arm, and threw it with force, watching it zing toward the caravan.

As the Prana Bomb flew towards a certain house in the caravan, its travel path turned viscous before soon, it felt no different from water at the depths of the ocean, with pressures at least equal to a depth of six kilometres.

The intense pressure counteracted the projectile and forced it to stop in a matter of metres. Unable to endure the resistance offered and the built-up forces within it, the Prana Bomb exploded.

"Not on my watch." Raaha commented as Prana began to seethe out of him and take control of the region, "Come face me, Boar King."

"It has been a while."

"It indeed has." The Boar King smirked all of a sudden, thinking, 'So, you want me to face the Mammoth Clan and become weakened in the process. I don't know your plan, but I won't fall for it.'

He stared at Raaha and shouted, "Since it has been a while, I'll leave behind a gift for the Mammoth Clan."

"This…bastard!" Raaha's eyes widened in shock as he muttered in disbelief, "Since when did the Boar King learn to use such tactics?"

'He always fought head-on. But what is this?' Even Resha was flustered, 'Why is he doing this? Is this still the Boar King I faced in the past?'

The reason for their explosive reactions was simple.

Casually backtracking while suppressing his presence was the Boar King. He landed at a location forty kilometres away from the Mammoth Clan and observed the Pranic Beasts living there, 'Hmm, these are very common Pranic Beasts that aren't useful for Astral Chart. A drop in their numbers wouldn't harm the ecology of the place either. Good, they will do the job just fine.'

He released his presence and watched the Pranic Beasts lose their mind in response and scurry away in the opposite direction, which pointed them straight to the Mammoth Clan. Seeing the effectiveness of his action stunned him, 'So, this is what Loot did at the Dralh Sea. It's not that useful, as their combined might equals a few casual punches of mine. But they ought to be enough to sound out Loot's plans.'

After releasing his presence, the Boar King concealed himself and ran in a circle, forming a radius of forty kilometres from the Mammoth Clan, and stopped after covering some distance, unleashing his presence there too.

He moved in a circle and unleashed his presence twelve times in total, similar to the numbers in an analog clock, sending all the Pranic Beasts within the circle towards the centre, targeting the Mammoth Clan. Following that, he just waited in patience and used a Nature to focus on the caravan better.

The Mammoth Clan faced the horde of Pranic Beasts whose threat level reached a Minor Crisis. But despite the danger, the Mammoth Clan had a lot of strength to spare, launching a variety of attacks, especially by elites who had fused with Centinger eggs.

Their artillery strike was the perfect fit against hordes. As he observed them, the Boar King thought, 'It seems swarm tactics are useless against them. Well, I thought as much, since the Empyrean Tusks could unleash powerful gusts of wind and blow them all away too. The fact that they haven't even taken action must mean this is well within the capabilities of the Mammoth Clansmen.'

As he observed the fight, the Boar King noticed a certain individual rush out of a house and fight against the Pranic Beasts, unleashing shockwaves that were immensely familiar to the Boar King, 'That can only be unleashed by stacking two Natures of Prana Shock.'

The Boar King smirked as he stared at the figure that looked similar to the individual painted by Inala, 'Only an Empyrean Boar could stack two similar Natures. That basically confirms his identity.'

"I found you at last, midget. But," The Boar King frowned, "I know you're damn smart. So,"

"Why have you revealed yourself now, Loot?"



