Chapter 241 Birth of Harrala

Orakha arrived before a certain shrub and stared at the apple-like fruits hanging from it. There was an intoxicating scent emanating from it, similar to a Parute Fruit. But it wasn't a Parute Fruit. Consuming this fruit would result in constipation and food poisoning.

Orakha released a bunch of Mystic Eaters that slithered into the shrubs and selectively consumed the shrubs. They then drilled into the ground like worms and made their way up the cliff wall, approaching the cave where Gannala was currently present.

The Mystic Eaters dissolved into smoke and vanished, self-destructing, releasing a dense fume resulting from the digestion of the fruits in their stomachs. This fume radiated a dense scent of Parute Fruits, something that would appear only from a farm with more than a hundred Parute Trees.

Such a farm became a strategic resource capable of strengthening an entire region. Even Gold Grade Pranic Beasts would be interested in such a farm.

"This is…" Gannala flinched at the scent, for a moment drooling in response. But immediately after, she became alert, for there wasn't a Parute Tree in her area, not to mention a farm of them.

Therefore, it was a trap, obviously laid by Orakha to lure Pranic Beasts en masse to her location, for that was where the scent was radiating from.

"He's still hiding somewhere around here," Gannala said and peered down the cliff wall, watching many Pranic Beasts climb up like a swarm of insects. Her eyes turned cold as she commanded the Empyrean Zingers, "Create a bunch of Prana Bombs!"

The Empyrean Zingers complied with her and caused a pile of Prana Bombs to appear next to her. Gannala stared at the pile and seeped her Prana into it, clenching her hand into a fist as immediately in response, the pile turned molten and flooded out of the cave like a waterfall.

It spread across the cliff and layered it, stretching for at least a couple of kilometres on all sides. As the group of Pranic Beasts continued to climb up, they eventually came across the Prana Bomb layer, getting stuck the moment their legs touched them.

"Grrhaah!"

"Rawrr!"

Painful screams resounded from them as not only were they stuck, but their Prana was also being absorbed in response. And to add to their suffering, heavy Prana Bombs rained down from above, accelerating due to the effects of gravity.

The heads of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were obliterated by the impact as the Prana Bombs continued to fall over the cliff, sticking to any target they touched.

Each Prana Bomb weighed a hundred kilograms. Adding onto acceleration due to gravity, they were akin to artillery strikes.

The Pranic Beast horde was stopped in its tracks, unable to arrive even a kilometre in Gannala's vicinity. The case was the same even for the Pranic Beasts in the Guna Caves as the Prana Bomb layer covered the tunnel walls too.

Anyone who approached close was greeted with a Prana Bomb to the face. To avoid overcrowding the region, the Mutated Empyrean Zingers remained in their miniature forms.

Whereas, the regular Empyrean Zingers birthed by the Empyrean Zinger Queen flew out in the open, taking advantage of the stuck Pranic Beasts to fill up as many Prana Bombs as they could.

"So, that's what Inala's Tertiary Nature does." Orakha had been observing everything from the start, experiencing a chill to observe the efficient pace at which the army of Empyrean Zingers took care of the Pranic Beast horde.

Moreover, the Prana Bombs recovered from the attacks would become a valuable resource to refill their Prana. "He's raising a powerful army."

This is why he disliked facing accumulation type of characters as opponents. If given enough time to prepare, they would grow to become terrifying.

Orakha's Mystic Eaters too could be created as a swarm, but they were energy beings, requiring a constant depletion of Prana to be maintained. So, without the presence of a swarm of enemies acting as batteries of Prana for their replenishment, the Mystic Eaters would die out quickly.

Hence, he couldn't accumulate them like Inala's Empyrean Zingers.

"Well, I can try other means." He muttered optimistically. The information he obtained from the Transcendent Eater's mind only consisted of the basics. He knew what Inala's three Natures were, but didn't understand their functions.

But now, he had a decent picture of their capability. He intended to probe further until he fully grasped the sense of danger that the reincarnate named Inala posed toward him.

An ink-black puddle spread around his feet as a dozen Empyrean Eaters jutted out in response to coil around a Pranic Beast that jumped upon him. They gobbled up the Pranic Beast, leaving nothing behind.

Orakha segregated the various minerals sourced from its body and integrated them into his Human Avatar one after another, clicking his tongue in the end as he ejected them all, "They aren't good enough."

He stopped at consuming only their Prana to replenish his reserves, continuing to change his hiding place to stealthily spy upon Gannala, 'How do I best separate her from those two?'

By those two, he meant the Empyrean Zinger Queen and Empyrean Zinger King who stayed right by Gannala's side, never leaving her. The presence they unleashed was on a whole other level, possibly at the peak of the Silver Grade.

As long as they were there, it would be impossible for Orakha's methods to compromise Gannala's safety and trap her in the Guna Caves, "Hmm, let's keep trying until a window of opportunity presents itself."

In the meantime, back at the Mammoth Clan, situated within a large trailer house pulled by the 104th Empyrean Tusk, Grehha's reddened eyes stared at the figure of Yuza, "Endure! Yuza! You're almost there!"

"I…know," Yuza's face convulsed in pain as she focused all her strength on her stomach, trying her utmost to successfully deliver her baby. "I'm trying!"

"It hurts!"

"You can do it, Yuza." Yahard Tusk stated solemnly, "We're all counting on you."

"I'll ensure that every single Mammoth Clansman from our Settlement learns about your immense contribution for ages to come."

"I believe you," Zahaella said as she gently held Yuza's hand, "We're all praying for you. Persevere, Yuza."

"Argh!" Yuza screamed in pain as her body began to rapidly lose mass, shrivelling up rapidly.

"Grehha!" Yahard Tusk shouted in alarm.

"I know!" Grehha said and poured a torrent of Prana into his Empyrean Incubator that had fused with Yuza's womb, delivering the necessary energy for the entity within. "I need more Prana."

"Here!" Zahaella took out a High-Grade Elixir from her storage Lantern and controlled it through her psychokinesis, flushing the contents down Grehha's throat.

By churning his Mystic Bone Art to the limit, Grehha digested the Elixir as quickly as possible, directing all the generated Prana not to his Spirit Container, but into his Empyrean Incubator.

"Ahhhh!" Yuza let out one final shriek before collapsing, becoming a withered husk. Unfortunately for her, everyone seemed to have forgotten about her instantly, as the attention of all was on the baby that had been birthed successfully.

"C-Check her condition!" Yahard Tusk spoke nervously, nudging Zahaella.

"O-Okay," Even Zahaella was nervous as she gently severed the umbilical cord and picked up the baby, inspecting her for a few seconds before her face brimmed the brightest of all her life, "She is…"

"Healthy!"

Another Empyrean Tusk was born!



Chapter 242 Settlement Transfers

Harrala was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk from Gannala's herd. And now, her successor was born. Since the inheritance ceremony was completed long ago, baby Harrala was a genuine Empyrean Tusk, possessing all the capabilities of one.

Upon her inspection, Zahaella concluded that Harrala was born healthy. Meaning, she didn't possess any genetic defects that would hinder her function as an Empyrean Tusk. Once she matures, she will become a Deity.

"Hahahaha!" Yahard Tusk roared in laughter at the good news as he hugged Grehha, "Thank you, child! This wouldn't have been possible without you."

"The Mammoth Clan wouldn't forget your contribution."

"Of course," Grehha let out a smile in relief. He then stared at Yuza's withered corpse, for a moment wallowing in pity before pointing at her, "But let's not forget about her."

"She's the brave woman that birthed an Empyrean Tusk. We need to add her sacrifices to our Academy's curriculum."

"That's a good idea," Zahaella nodded as she began cleaning up Harrala and took her to a nearby room to breastfeed her. She intended to raise Harrala as her own child.

Currently, she was all smiles. For, on one hand, Harrala was successfully born, meaning their Settlement had a future. And as she planned to fully nurture Harrala as her mother, all the associated glory would belong to her.

This would further increase her prestige among the Mammoth Clan.

Things had changed since the merger between the two herds. The Chief of their original herd was now merely the Settlement Leader of the 10th Settlement after the merger. Such was the massive gap in strength.

Based on their birth, Harrala would currently take up the spot as the 106th Empyrean Tusk while Gannala had already been announced as the 105th Empyrean Tusk. Usually, the order would be established based on strength and development once the Empyrean Tusk reaches maturity.

Until then, Gannala and Harrala would serve as the 105th and 106th Empyrean Tusks respectively.

In such a situation, Zahaella would be labelled Lady Mother of the weakest Settlement. But, she wasn't afraid of that. After all, Asaeya was accompanying Inala, father of Gannala.

Therefore, by association, two Empyrean Tusks would be related to her family. That was a joyous future to think and be giddy about.

"There are only good times ahead," Zahaella said.

"Let's not get ahead of ourselves," Yahard Tusk entered the room once the breastfeeding process was done, stating in nervousness as he stared at baby Harrala, "We need to ensure her growth is perfect. And until then, we'll be travelling on foot. So, the dangers we'll have to face are still treacherous enough."

"We have to protect Harrala from all sorts of harm until she grows up into a big, strong Empyrean Tusk."

"I know," Zahaella nodded, "I'll be spending all my time with her. With my power, it wouldn't be easy for any harm to befall her. I'll be transferring some of my authority to the oldest."

Zahaella could transform into a Rockatrice. Hence, she was the strongest in terms of defence and was the perfect person to protect Harrala.

And by oldest, she meant her oldest daughter who would take on a portion of her duties as Lady Mother of their Settlement.

Yahard Tusk exited the room and addressed Grehha, "The Chief wanted to talk to you after Harrala's successful birth."

"He'll be personally rewarding you. So be ready."

"Yes, Settlement Leader." Grehha bowed and exited the house. There was a row of houses on wheels connected by a rope and pulled by the 104th Empyrean Tusk's tail. The houses numbered close to a hundred, multi-storeyed.

It currently housed the Settlements of Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk, belonging to Gannala and Harrala respectively.

Grehha made his way to the house at the very front and stared at the two-metre-thick rope trailing forward to the 104th Empyrean Tusk's tail. After a moment, he braced himself and held a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a rope, possessing a hook at the top.

This would save his life in the event of a misstep. With that in hand, he began to scale up the rope, taking almost an hour to reach the top.

"Halt! State your purpose!" Two masters standing guard at the tail glared at Grehha, their expression not in the least welcoming.

"I'm Grehha from the 105th Settlement. I have come here to answer the Chief's summons." Grehha spoke politely.

"Pah," One of the soldiers snorted, almost breaking into laughter as he muttered under his breath, "Dares to associate himself as part of a Settlement without a Deity."

"Stay here," He coldly said to Grehha and walked towards a nearby house, entering it to request a line of communication.

In response, there was a Zinger's shriek from the house. A couple seconds later, a shriek resounded from the 103rd Settlement, then the 102nd Settlement. In a couple of minutes, the message was transmitted all the way to the 1st Settlement.

Since the herd passed through the Dieng Canyon, they gathered a bunch of Life Bombs. By then, there were a couple of cultivators that had already obtained the power of a Zinger, hence able to differentiate between a Prana Bomb and a Life Bomb.

These Life Bombs were preserved. And when a suitable student appeared, he was granted one after it absorbed the Prana of the respective Empyrean Tusk.

As a result, the one that hatched from the Life Egg was guaranteed to be a Zinger King, an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast. The students that obtained this power became part of their logistics force, now in charge of information and goods transfer between the various Settlements.

None of them were able to transform into a Zinger yet, as it had only been three years since they obtained the power of one. Hence, goods transfer was still done the traditional way. But soon, Zingers would be the ones in charge of transporting goods from one Settlement to another.

Currently, Zinger shrieks were used to transmit information between the settlements. They were convenient in the fact that a large volume of information could be transmitted with a single shriek.

Shrieks resounded one after another, trailing from the 1st to the 104th Settlement. And from the 104th Settlement's information centre, a cultivator stepped out and stared at Grehha, "You've received permission. A transfer platform will be leaving for the 103rd Settlement in twenty minutes. You need to hurry there now."

He then handed Grehha a scroll that indicated the time when platforms would go from a lower-ranked Settlement to the Settlement next in ascending order of rank.

Grehha stared at the scroll and sighed at the timings, 'It would take me close to 36 hours to reach the 1st Settlement in this manner.'

He ardently prayed for the Mammoth Clansmen with the power of a Zinger to grow faster and become capable of transforming into one. That way, it would be possible to travel quickly.

"Thank you," Nodding as such, Grehha ignored the blatant sneers from the two guards and walked towards the platform that would be departing for the 103rd Settlement, 'A Mammoth Clansman without an Empyrean Tusk is scorned upon. This will continue until Gannala returns.'

He sighed and stared at the sky, for a moment observing the Transcendent World hovering far away from reach, 'When will you return, Inala?'

'If you were to stay in the Brimgan Empire until the Second Major Disaster, you'd lose your position in the Mammoth Clan.' He sighed, 'I hope you're not that foolish.'



Chapter 243 Centinger Egg Hunt

"Grehha from the 105th Settlement greets the Mammoth Clan Chief!" Grehha prostrated on the ground and announced aloud.

"Hmm," Raaha nodded casually and motioned for him to get up, "Take a seat."

"Yes, Chief," Grehha replied nervously and stared at the latter in silence.

"So," Raaha spoke after two minutes, breaking the silence that had turned Grehha into a nervous wreck by now, "How long would it take you before you're able to assist another Empyrean Tusk birth?"

"My Spirit Container is unstable as I have only consumed Elixirs to increase my Prana values and hadn't trained." Grehha said, "I wish to build my body a bit before I can…"

"How long, I asked," Raaha said, curt.

"Seven years!" Grehha said, "It should be possible after that."

"Alright, work hard." Saying so, Raaha threw a Two-Storey Storage Lantern towards him, "I'll be expecting a lot from you. You're relieved of all duties for the next two years. Following that, you'll be incubating and improving the Pranic Beast eggs gathered by the Clan."

"Yes, Chief!" Grehha bowed once again and left, becoming giddy once he checked the contents. The first floor of the Storage Lantern was filled with Parute Fruits, more than enough for his needs. The second floor was filled with tusk bone powder, enough for two to three decades worth of building his body.

He would comfortably reach the 2-Life Stage by the time he used up all the tusk bone powder in the Storage Lantern. 'Thankfully, I bought two years of time.'

The rewards he obtained were very good. He now had enough wealth to buy whatever he needed for cultivation. Moreover, the best reward was being exempt from all duties for two years. That meant he could spend all that time solely on cultivation in the best of cultivation chambers, protected from all harm.

That wasn't all. Even after two years, he would only be required to use his Tertiary Nature to help store all the Pranic Beast eggs gathered by the Mammoth Clan. Encasing an egg within an Empyrean Incubator would maintain it in the egg state for as long as necessary without causing it to hatch.

The condition of the Pranic Beast within the egg would even improve over time, leading to a small chance of mutation if he were to nurture it. As long as Prana was supplied to the Empyrean Incubators on time, they'll work without issues.

And best of all was the fact that as the Tertiary Nature's source implied, Empyrean Incubators were compatible with Empyrean Tusks. Therefore, an Empyrean Tusk can take care of the process of feeding Prana to the Empyrean Incubators naturally.

This one ability turned Grehha into a strategic asset. As long as the Mammoth Clan existed, his life wouldn't be under harm, as he would be protected by a team of elites all the time.

A comfortable, luxurious life awaited him once Gannala returned as the 105th Empyrean Tusk, 'If not for the Boar King's existence, my life here would have been akin to the best vacation getaway.'

But as long as the Boar King existed, there was always a possibility of the Mammoth Clan's annihilation. Hence, Grehha couldn't dilly-dally. 'I'll become stronger!'

The Empyrean Tusk herd continued to march through their new path, coming to a stop two days later once the Red-Draft River came in sight.

Upon Raaha's orders, all 104 Empyrean Tusks formed a large circle and set up a base of operations in the centre. Following that, masters and elites from all 106 Settlements gathered in the massive palace-sized tent set up at the centre, created using bone.

To do that, they hunted down all Pranic Beasts in the vicinity and refined their bones into the current structure. Their domineering action caused all traces of life to be wiped out in their general vicinity.

Gathered in the tent, numbering a few hundred thousand in strength was the fighting force of the Mammoth Clan, enough to easily wipe out a decent-sized Empire overnight.

Seated at the forefront were Settlement Leaders, possessing cultivation levels at least at the 7-Life Stage and above. Right behind them were Settlement Leaders like Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk, originally at the 7-Life Stage. But after dying twice to the Boar King, they were currently at the 5-Life Stage.

But still, as they were Settlement Leaders, they were seated in the second row. Trailing behind them were masters in the decreasing order of their strength.

After a few dozen rows, the Body Stage Mammoth Clansmen were seated, not in any particular order. They were free to choose their seat.

Facing the seats was a tall dais, and standing atop it was Raaha, the Mammoth Clan Chief after the merger between the two Empyrean Tusk herds. Currently, the entirety of Sumatra Continent's Mammoth Clan was gathered here.

And in essence, he could truly be called the Sumatra Continent's Mammoth Clan Chief.

Staring at the people, Raaha said, "This is a perfect opportunity since our numbers have increased a lot after the merger. With this increase, our appetite for resources has also increased. And since the mating season of the Centingers concluded a few months ago, the timing is perfect for their egg-laying season."

The power of an artillery strike unleashed by a Centinger was the most effective against Mammoth Clansmen, as their power revolved around manipulating bones. Conversely, this ranged ability was perfect for them to stay atop the Empyrean Tusk and rain down on the enemies prowling the ground.

"Every master will lead a team of ten elites of your choice. There can be at maximum ten elites per team and the leader of the team will be the master leading them." Raaha said, "Your goal is to procure Centinger eggs."

With a snap of his finger, a large bone board appeared behind him, having enough space to accommodate the names of thousands of teams, "I'll be ranking each team based on the number of Centinger Eggs they bring. Of course, you can also bring the eggs of other Pranic Beasts, but unless they are from Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, you wouldn't get any points."

"I'll be rewarding based on your contribution from my personal stash," Raaha said, causing the crowd to become excited, since his personal stash contained treasures with value unlike any other, the only one of its kind in the entire Mammoth Clan.

"The Centinger eggs would hatch in a month. So, the competition will last until then." He then stared at the Settlement Leaders, "As for the Settlement Leaders, you can divide yourselves into teams of five."

Upon his words, the Settlement Leaders turned nervous, understanding what Raaha was getting at as they stared at the faces of each other, already planning to team up with the Settlement Leader they trusted the most.

Boar Tusk stared at Yahard Tusk as the duo let out knowing smirks. They stared at the Settlement Leaders of the previous 42nd, 41st, and 40th Settlements, deciding their team up immediately.

"You'll be hunting for Millinger eggs. Take care to not lead them to us." Raaha exuded some pressure as a show of warning, "I'll strike you down along with the Millinger if that happens."

He then let out a loud clap, announcing, "Make preparations now. The competition will start in an hour."



Chapter 244 The Mammoth Clan Heroine—Yahira

Seated in the tent close to the very back was Virala, silently observing Raaha all along. His eyes then trailed across the Body Stage cultivators from various Settlements, soon stopping on a girl, 'She's here!'

But the moment he glanced at her, killing intent was directed at him. By now, Virala could easily recognise the source as he turned around and stared at the boy seated two rows behind, "Can you not do that,"

"Resha?"

"Come out for a second," Resha didn't argue and instead offered an invite, "Let's go on a date, shall we?"

"I'll pass," Virala waved his hand casually, "I'm not into men, you see."

"Same here," Resha shrugged, "I'm simply the middleman. The one who wants to meet you is a lady."

"Oh?" Virala raised an eyebrow and asked, "Who is she?"

"Your mother," Resha laughed, "She feels lonely and wants you to accompany her in the afterlife."

"Wow, that's a low blow." Virala snapped back, "It seems you are that insecure, huh?"

"The most sought-after man in the Mammoth Clan doesn't have the skills to even court a girl." Virala was purposefully loud, causing many heads to turn in their direction.

"Keep crying," Resha snorted as he got up and raised the volume of his voice, "Ruvva gave her everything to you. But what did you do for her other than use her for her resources and then kill her once she served her purpose?"

"Trash bastard!"

"Fuck you! How dare you defame me without proof." Virala roared in response, "You're simply salty because Ruvva chose me instead of you."

"Don't project your inferiority complex on me. You've always done that since we were kids." He glared at Resha, staunch with his words.

"Inferiority complex?" Resha roared in laughter, "Who? Me? Towards you?"

"Are you even qualified?"

"Do you think I'm scared of proving you otherwise?" Virala emitted killing intent.

"Yes, you are." Resha got up from his seat as all the seats in his vicinity flew to the side. He walked towards Virala and stopped right before the latter's face, "In the past, present, and the future,"

"You always fear me."

"Want to test it out?" Resha calmly lifted his hand and suddenly, Virala was on the floor, unable to move as his body felt heavy. Resha then lifted his leg and stomped on Virala, calmly glaring at Raaha upon seeing his foot failing to make contact, "Are you on his side, master?"

"How many times do I have to tell you to control your killing intent, Resha?" Raaha's angered voice reverberated throughout the tent, causing the majority of the Body Stage cultivators to drop to the floor, trembling in fear due to the sheer pressure he exuded.

Even the masters were finding it hard to breathe. It was akin to facing the storm as a mortal. But even in this situation, Resha was calm, unflinching even. Instead, he exerted more strength in his leg, causing it to steadily inch towards Virala, "This guy is constantly messing around with my people."

"Give me one reason why he should be alive, master?" Prana billowed out of Resha like a torrent, a second later accompanied by the unified trumpet of 104 Empyrean Tusks, "Otherwise, I'll have to question your intentions."

"This madman dares question the Chief?" Yahard Tusk was in a state of shock. But a moment later, he stared to his side, vexed upon seeing Bora Tusk grinning widely in excitement.

"See," The bloody stench emanating from Bora Tusk spiked as he laughed, "My people are built different."

"Reason?" Raaha paused for a moment. In response, the tent turned silent, not because everyone listened to him with bated breath, but because none were able to breathe.

It felt as if time itself had frozen as Resha blinked once and found himself at the centre of a crater on the walls of the tent, far away from his previous spot. Raaha's voice then resounded, "You know the reason."

"Don't stir my patience."

"Heh," Virala got up and dusted himself. He then stared at Resha and mouthed a statement, causing Resha's eyes to turn red from insanity. After all, even though Virala didn't speak it, the statement he worded was…

[Your previous life's wife, I'll make her mine!]

"Fucker! I'll kill you!" Resha blasted a torrent of Prana, causing the tent to shatter in response. But a moment later, he was knocked unconscious. The tent too regained its original shape.

'Such troublemakers,' Raaha shook his head and dispersed everyone, "The contest will begin soon. Get ready."

Following the crowd to exit the tent was Virala, pausing for a moment when he came across the figure of Resha embedded in the tent wall, noticing the expressions of the masters directed at Resha become a notch negative, 'Good, public opinion of him has taken a hit. It'll be to my benefit.'

A confident expression filled his face as Virala boldly walked out of the tent, accompanied by his precious One-Storey Storage Lantern and a pouch filled with a couple of Nature Weapons, 'I'll take the top score in this contest and use this chance to get closer to her.'

The lady he was aiming for, and the one he had been checking out all along was none other than Resha's legal wife in Sumatra Chronicles.

Mammoth Clan Heroine—Yahira!

She was the Mammoth Clan Chief's precious granddaughter in Sumatra Chronicles. But in the current timeline, she was merely the precious granddaughter of the 10th Settlement Leader.

However, that didn't matter. Virala had a concrete reason to aim for her, despite knowing that such an action would place him as Resha's number one enemy. Well, two reasons actually.

The logical reason was her prowess. In Sumatra Chronicles, she was the second Mammoth Clansman apart from Resha to have injured the Boar King at his pinnacle strength. The Boar King back then had stacked all hundred Natures of his Astral Chart, becoming a force of nature.

Yahira was overshadowed as a character in Sumatra Chronicles despite her prowess, because honestly, she was mostly one-dimensional, not that interesting in comparison to interesting three-dimensional characters like Yarsha Zahara.

She had merely existed as a gatekeeper that prevented other women from surrounding Resha. Ignoring her lacking character, she assisted Resha immensely throughout most of Sumatra Chronicles.

There wasn't a stronger supporting cast than her. And she remained relevant until the very end, managing to receive even the Boar King's appreciation during her death.

Therefore, as long as Virala makes her his wife, his journey will be more solid.

His second reason was simple. From the day during Sumatra Chronicles' second year of serialisation when she was introduced, accompanying her character art, Virala was obsessed with her.

And now, his obsession only grew stronger upon seeing that she was exactly as he had imagined her to be, steady, uncaring about everything but herself, and most of all, a willed person strong enough to do whatever she wanted.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have stabbed Resha every time he even dared to look at a woman other than her. Truth be told, Virala was into that shit.

'You're not worthy of her attention, Resha. Go fuck Yarsha Zahara for all I care.' Virala returned to his room to begin preparations for the upcoming egg hunt. 'I am a part of this world. And standing by my side to witness my moment at the top of Sumatra Continent will be Yahira, as my wife.'

Hence, it was a war between Virala and Resha.



Chapter 245 Resha is the Regressor

'To think I still fell prey to his words…' Resha let out a long sigh once he came to his senses. He had been honing his ability to hold an argument but despite that, he had yet to win against the reincarnates in a verbal battle.

"Are you alright?" Yahira approached him in concern, pulling him out of the crater. She dusted his clothes and inspected his body's condition, sighing in relief upon seeing that he was uninjured.

"Yeah, master actually treats me well." Resha said and smiled endearingly upon sensing her Prana, "You have grown stronger, Yahira."

"Thanks to your assistance," Yahira clenched her hand into a fist as she muttered in praise, "How did you get such a powerful Pranic Beast's egg?"

"You know the answer," Resha smiled.

"Yes, I know." Yahira laughed jovially, slung her hands around his neck, and pecked him on the lips once, "How long do I need to wait?"

"Until the end of this contest," Resha said, "I want Virala to make a fool of himself."

"Alright, we'll act as strangers until then." Yahira nodded and walked away. Their interaction was soft but revealed that they were already a couple. As to how you ask?

Resha spent an entire lifetime with her. He understood her the best. During the merger, he approached her and quickly established a relationship.

He then imparted upon her a Bone Slip, recording his memories—from his past life—of her, allowing her to understand why he was pursuing her. Well, he just did it to ensure Yahira wouldn't fall prey to the schemes of the fucking reincarnates.

It wasn't needed beyond that. After all, Resha was Yahira's type, satisfying every single expectation she had towards her partner. It was why she was obsessed with him in Sumatra Chronicles in the first place.

In the current timeline, she witnessed Resha attacking the Boar King, falling in love with him at first sight. And when Resha approached her, she was over the moon, happily entering a relationship with him. Upon seeing the memories in the Bone Slip, she realised that they were a couple in Resha's past life.

She had been at Resha's back all his life, supporting him every step of the way, the reason he could endure so many Minor Crises and Major Disasters. And in this timeline, he wanted to give her a better life.

On day one since his regression, Resha noticed the scummy actions of the reincarnates. Even though he didn't have any feelings for Ruvva, upon seeing Virala get chummy with her, there was a sour taste in his mouth.

But he didn't try to sever their relationship, hoping that at least in this life, Ruvva could be happy. Unfortunately, she died even sooner this time.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Ruvva was one of the survivors of the First Major Disaster. She dies during the Second Minor Crisis. But in this timeline, she died in the First Major Disaster. There was no proof, but Resha knew Virala was the cause behind it.

And the bastard didn't even seem the slightest bit saddened by her death. Rather, he had already begun to target his next woman.

Hence, Resha wanted to teach him a lesson. He was the regressor, and it was about time to truly display his dominance in every field.

Currently, Blola was in Raaha's possession. And through him, Raaha had learnt a good deal about Renduldu's arrangements and everything the previous Gannala fought for.

Resha obtained a clearer picture from Raaha, understanding that the six reincarnates were created for two purposes. The first was to deal with the Boar King and the second was to pave the way for the Empyrean Tusks to reach the Mystic Grade.

Whether driven by personal greed or a sense of collective belonging as Mammoth Clansmen, the reincarnates would do their best to find a way. But they would all traverse their respective path.

Whether or not the end result would be different from Resha's past life was a big question mark. One thing was for sure though. All six of them had vastly unique ideas that were bound to create strong variables.

Therefore, whether or not these variables resulted in the Boar King's defeat was all up to Resha's resourcefulness.

The first step of the process was to understand how the reincarnates functioned, especially their thought process. That was why Resha constantly targeted Virala.

He and Raaha were both in on it, for their goals aligned, which were to kill the Boar King and ensure the sustaining continuity of the Mammoth Clan.

Resha would play the bad cop while Raaha would play the good cop. And in this way, they'll gradually put a net around pesky reincarnates like Virala.

Currently, Blola and Yennda were under Raaha's complete control. Grehha and Orakha behaved subserviently for now. Therefore, their focus lay on Virala, the most cunning of them all.

And as for Inala? Raaha already had a plan in motion towards that, having dispatched Orakha for the exact reason.

Resha acted angry externally but was eerily calm on the inside as he exited the tent and returned to his room. He slung to his hip the Six-Storey Storage Lantern gifted to him by Raaha, inspecting its contents to examine the condition of the various medicines necessary to replenish his Prana and heal his injuries.

While making his preparations, he grinned all of a sudden, 'Yahira has grown a lot stronger as compared to her past life.'

The reason for his giddiness was simple. In his previous life, Yahira fused with the egg of an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast called the Twi-Shocker. It was a Pranic Beast with masochistic tendencies, capable of converting all impacts sustained by its body into powerful shockwaves that could obliterate its opponent.

Primary Nature—Piezo Response!

Yahira worked hard and eventually developed her Tertiary Nature—after Resha figured out the method to create one. The first time she used it was against the Boar King, which was what managed to successfully injure him.

Unfortunately, the attack was so strong that she herself couldn't endure its backlash and ended up exploding into blood mist.

But in this timeline, things were different since the egg she fused with wasn't that of a Twi-Shocker but its mutated counterpart, one personally caught by Raaha upon Resha's request.

Resha provided the direction, location, timing, and method of capture. Only thanks to it was Raaha able to succeed. The result was the capture of a terrifying Pranic Beast that had now become Yahira's power.

Mutated Intermediate Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Thunder!

Once the Twi-Shocker mutates, it reaches the end of its evolutionary path, becoming the Empyrean Thunder. But the eggs containing Empyrean Thunders were fragile, capable of shattering at the slightest nudge.

Hence, Empyrean Thunders fail to successfully hatch. As a result, the number of Empyrean Thunders successfully roaming the Sumatra Continent numbered in the single digits.

Resha knew the location of a nest with an Empyrean Thunder egg. After Yahira fused with it, she obtained the Empyrean Thunder's power, which was perfectly suited to her character.

Moreover, in this lifetime, Yahira had already begun preparations for the creation of her Tertiary Nature. Resha had already imparted upon her all the necessary information that she had gathered in his past life.

He was confident that by the time the Empyrean Tusk herd reaches the Brimgan Empire in this lifetime, Yahira would have finished creating her Tertiary Nature, reaching peak capacity as a cultivator, unrivalled among her peers.

In comparison to Sumatra Chronicles and the current timeline, plenty of changes have happened. But one thing was for sure. Whether it was Resha's side or Brangara's side, there was a drastic leap in strength.

Meaning, when they clash this time, the result would be significantly more devastating.



Chapter 246 Lotus Range

In the wilderness of Sumatra Continent, strolling casually without a hint of worry was a family of four—father, mother, and a pair of twins. They seemed unarmed, not even emanating any presence. But despite that, not a single Pranic Beast dared to approach them, not to mention target them.

The reason was simple—Fear!

"Will you be alright living there?" Yarsha Zahara asked as she stared at Brangara, "All the Life Stage cultivators at the Brimgan Empire would be able to notice that you aren't a Free Human."

"That's not an issue," Brangara casually used his hand as a swing for his kids, "I won't be staying with you there. Once you get accustomed to the place, I'll leave to search for more Sumatra Gold."

"But, I want to spend time with you." Yarsha Zahara stared at him with moist eyes, revving his instinct to protect her, "Can't I?"

"I'll return quickly," Brangara said as they arrived at a forest clearing, "I'll try my best to not be away for long."

"We'll all miss you." She said, nudging her children, "We have almost completed the cultivation technique. I am now able to build my Human Avatar using Sumatra Gold. But to complete it, I need the Brimgan Empire's wisdom."

"It would only take a few hours if I barge into their treasury by force," Brangara said arrogantly, "We'll save a lot of time if we were to do that."

"But that would mean we couldn't stay here," Yarsha Zahara said, "This is the place with the greatest number of Free Human geniuses. Even you said that this environment is a necessity for our children to grow and mature into powerful characters in the future."

"I was just saying…" Brangara laughed awkwardly and then led his family past the clearing, staring at a massive sea at the centre of which was a mountain range shaped like a lotus. Every single mountain part of the range was like a lotus petal, protruding outwards.

This range of mountains was named the Lotus Range and the area it encompassed as a natural fortress spanned five million square kilometres. This region became the Brimgan Empire, one of the oldest Free Human civilisations on Sumatra Continent.

The sea surrounding the Lotus Range came to be recognised as the Brimgan Sea, as homage to the exuberant strength wielded by the Brimgan Empire. With every century that spanned past, the Brimgan Empire only grew stronger and stronger.

And unlike Free Human Kingdoms that had to resist Pranic Beast invasions all the time, the Brimgan Empire was absolutely safe, protected by its natural fortress, the Lotus Range.

Contrastingly, it was the Brimgan Empire that invaded its neighbouring regions all the time to hunt for resources, their actions domineeringly invasive. The entire region was constantly in a state of chaos as countless Pranic Beast races fought against the Free Humans of the Brimgan Empire.

As the region was one of the most abundantly blessed in resources, even if a Pranic Beast race were to be wiped out, another equally powerful race would take up its place. After all, there existed at least a thousand Parute Trees even in smaller Pranic Beast territories, not to mention the larger territories where dozens of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts lived together.

The Brimgan Empire was a happening place.

"They have the presence of a major Free Human civilisation." Yarsha Zahara commented.

"That's true," Brangara said in seriousness, "The current me can at most wipe out a quarter of the Brimgan Empire before I'll be killed."

"Can you stop boasting for a minute, sir Mystic Grade Pranic Beast?" Yarsha Zahara rolled her eyes. She then became curious about something and asked, "Say,"

"Yeah?" Brangara looked at her.

"How strong do you have to be to completely annihilate the Brimgan Empire?" Yarsha Zahara asked.

"4-Life Stage," Brangara said, " And if I were to activate around fifteen Internal Inertial Gravity, I'll be able to destroy them."

"They are that strong, huh?" Yarsha Zahara nodded, "I'll be careful then."

"You don't need to," Brangara patted her back, "Remember who has your back. Just live domineeringly as the Boar King's wife."

"Besides, if any strong cultivator were to attack you, my treasures will protect you long enough for me to arrive and take care of things."

"One day, I'll protect you instead." Yarsha Zahara said and coiled her arms around Brangara's, "Just you wait. I'll see how you'll boast then."

"You're two millennia too early to say that." Brangara laughed and casually led Yarsha Zahara to the Brimgan Empire, soon reaching its entrance.

Each of the petals forming the Lotus Range reached at least a height of five kilometres. Therefore, it wasn't realistic to scale up such a wall without being detected as there were outposts situated across all the peaks on the Lotus Range.

"State your purpose." The guard at the entrance stared at the family of four, unleashing his Prana in response. He was at the 6-Life Stage, emanating a dense presence. Through his Prana, he sensed the conditions of Yarsha Zahara first, concluding that she was a Free Human.

He then focused on Brangara, for a moment going into a daze before concluding that he too was a Free Human, for some reason. He didn't even bother checking the kids and granted entry, "You're Free Humans, but not from the Brimgan Empire."

"State your purpose."

"We are refugees," Brangara smiled a little and approached the guard and handed over a One-Storey Storage Lantern filled with Parute Fruits, "Our Kingdom got destroyed by a group of Millingers. We travelled from afar to seek refuge here."

"As long as you integrate into the Brimgan Empire's society and consider yourselves as part of us, there wouldn't be an issue." The guard unflinchingly pocketed the One-Storey Storage Lantern and pointed at the small door positioned to the side, "Welcome to the Brimgan Empire."

"Thank you," Brangara thanked profusely and led Yarsha Zahara through the side door, for a moment glancing at the large double doors that served as the Empire's main entrance, reaching a height of hundred metres and spanning forty metres in breadth each.

The main entrance would only open during the raids conducted by the Empire. For anything else, only the side entrance had to be used, which was merely a four-metre-tall door allowing people to pass through.

The main entrance was located in a natural pass that formed in the Lotus Range. After entering through the side door, Brangara and his family walked through the pass before they reached the closest city.

"What was that?" Yarsha asked after walking far away, "Why didn't he figure out your identity?"

"I used a Skill to jumble his senses. It's nothing special," Brangara said and led her to the city, "I'll soon create some treasures that will help conceal the identities of our kids."

Brangara had plenty of wealth. And hence, it wasn't hard for them to buy a house and settle in the city. They soon adjusted to their life in the city.

A month later, Brangara exited the Brimgan Empire and walked into the wilds, gradually increasing his walking pace before soon, he broke into a sprint. A day later, after he had crossed the region of activity by the Empire's Free Humans, he took on his Empyrean Boar King form and covered large distances in a short time.

A few days later, he arrived at the Sanrey Plains and entered the Sandy-Grey Void ring, intending to check the Mudropper's status, 'Has it given birth yet?'

"What the fuck?" He muttered in shock, confused upon inspecting the entire Sandy-Grey Void ring, "Where did it go?"

The Mudropper had gone missing.



Chapter 247 Mudropper Maroppa

The Boar King was confused, for the last time he arrived here, around four years ago, the Mudropper existed in the Sandy-Grey Void ring. But now, it had disappeared.

He scoured through the entire stretch of the Sandy-Grey Void ring, failing to find any traces of the Mudropper. He then looked through the Sanrey Plains, noticing the changes, 'I see, the Ganrimb Kingdom was annihilated by the Centingers. Did the Mudropper flee when that happened? But it can only jump once a day, travelling a kilometre with each jump. Where the heck did it run off to?'

He then observed the four Ravaged Tribes living there, 'They are all damn weak.'

Everyone part of a Ravaged Tribe was at the Spirit Stage. None were at the Body Stage. So, they weren't even worthy of getting into his line of sight.

Brangara scouted through the Sanrey Plains and observed the changes in the terrain. But other than the four Ravaged Tribes that had begun living out in the open, there was nothing else worth looking at here.

The Mudropper and the Ravaged Tribe it controlled were no more.

Brangara then landed at a location in the Sandy-Grey Void ring where he originally sensed the home of the Ravaged Tribe under the Mudropper. But upon arriving there, all he saw was grey sand filling up the place.

'What just happened here?' Brangara couldn't figure out the cause. His mood took a dip since he couldn't consume the Mudropper's Primary Nature. After mumbling about in disappointment for a few hours, he left the Sanrey Plains and continued with his task of gathering more Sumatra Gold for his wife's cultivation needs.

Two hundred kilometres away from the Sanrey Plains, walking alongside the banks of the Red-Draft River was a certain individual, human in terms of appearance. She sported greyish-brown twin tails that dangled like a pair of pincers along her neck.

Her hair at the back was conical in shape, lifted up like a peacock's crown, the strands curly. Her eyes were jet black, having not a single smudge of radiance, capable of swallowing all light. She had a rather lean physique, sporting a mild slouch.

Her walking pace was awkward, the first time moving bipedally as she tried her best to get accustomed to the state as soon as possible, flinching upon sensing the Boar King's presence from far away, 'Thankfully, I left in the nick of time.'

A Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's presence was akin to a storm, capable of being felt for hundreds of kilometres easily when unleashed. And thanks to her keener senses, the woman, seemingly in her late twenties could sense the Boar King, thanking her lucky stars.

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Mudropper!

She was the same Mudropper that had been in charge of the Sandy-Grey Void surrounding the Sanrey Plains, having now assumed human form.

Before, she was an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. However, after obtaining the Boar King's data from Inala, she took advantage of her accumulation to evolve and became a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey Assimilation!

The Mudropper's Primary Nature experienced growth thanks to her evolution, becoming stronger than before, allowing her to unleash it with more versatility. And the greatest contributor towards her evolution was none other than the Boar King.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

The Mudropper obtained the same Tertiary Nature as the Boar King. After all, she now possessed all the information related to the method used by the Boar King to obtain his three Natures.

This information was extracted from Brangara by Undrakha and then fed to the previous Gannala. Inala inherited that data through his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill.

Inala and the Mudropper made a transaction, cooperating on a variety of things. Inala obtained a lot of things as a result, including the Mudropper's data.

In contrast, the Mudropper obtained the Boar King's valuable data. Since it had already been accumulating in the Sanrey Plains, generation after generation towards the same goal, this final piece of information was just the perfect catalyst required for evolution.

Using all the treasures gathered in its treasury, the Mudropper consumed its Ropper Tribe, using them as the medium through which it obtained the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator, also succeeding in evolving to the Gold Grade.

But there were two problems. First of all was the Boar King who came to know of its existence. Therefore, it was just a matter of time before the Boar King returns to eat it up.

The Mudropper knew the Boar King was only waiting for it to give birth to an offspring before consuming it to obtain its Primary Nature. Therefore, it had to escape from the region as quickly as possible.

Secondly, Inala had all its data, obtained from its offspring. The Mudropper didn't know the specifics, but it could understand that Inala was in possession of all its secrets. Currently, he had yet to understand them.

But the day he does so, he would come for the Mudropper too, for its accumulations would allow Gannala to gain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator in a matter of days.

Hence, the moment the Mudropper was ready, it consumed all its accumulations and finished its evolution. Following that, it assumed human form through its Tertiary Nature of Cultivator and fled the Sanrey Plains, taking on the name of Maroppa.

Maroppa had left the Sanrey Plains exactly a day before the Boar King arrived there. It was too close for comfort.

While walking along the banks of the Red-Draft River, Maroppa thought, 'I have achieved what my race desperately wanted to achieve. Now, I need to focus on cultivating through the ranks of the Life Stage and attain Transcendence.'

Leaving for the Transcendent World after attaining Transcendence was her goal. She couldn't do so through the Pranic Beast path, as even after evolution, she was only at the Gold Grade. It would take the Mudropper race tens of thousands of years to reach the Mystic Grade.

But that didn't matter, as with her Tertiary Nature, she could progress on the human path of cultivation. As long as she reached the 10-Life Stage, she could become a Transcendent. That way, her race would have a future once again.

'I need to cultivate in safety.' Thinking as such, Maroppa controlled her presence, assuming the appearance of a Free Human. She was the one who refined Inala's Inhibition Needles. Hence, with her evolved Primary Nature, she could unleash that effect naturally as a Skill.

'It'll do for now.' Maroppa thought after observing the Skill's effects, 'I can only unleash thirty percent of my strength while under this Skill's effect. But as long as I keep improving it, I'll be able to unleash all my strength without revealing my identity.'

"Now, where do I go?" Maroppa muttered as she jumped onto a tree and assimilated herself into the surroundings, watching a group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts walk past. Once they left, she landed on the river bank and continued to walk, making her decision, "Right, the best way to accumulate resources without fighting is to become a merchant in a human society."

With her accumulation and experience, Maroppa was confident in amassing enough wealth for her cultivation needs. This way, she could sit in the safety of a large human civilisation and continue to build her strength without any worries.

As she thought of potential Free Human civilisations, there was a perfect match, "The Brimgan Empire."

"Right, that's the closest Empire and also one of the strongest human civilisations." Maroppa decided, "With their terrain, I'll be safe inside. Perfect,"

"I'll head there then."



Chapter 248 You Bad, Me Dad

"Argh, this is stressing me out!" Gannala cursed in response to the situation at hand as she thought of something, sighing for a moment before clearing her voice.

Following that, in the most innocent of tone, similar to the cry she first unleashed after being born, Gannala let out a soft cry, "Dad!"

"Come soon!"

Boom!

There was a rumble in response at a location far away as something gigantic seemed to be heading towards her location at a rapid pace. Gannala focused on her Primary Nature and heaved a sigh in relief upon knowing that the one coming wasn't the Boar King.

When Gannala let out a soft cry, Orakha became serious, having been observing her all along. After a moment of thought, he retracted the Mystic Eaters dispersed to target her, deciding to no longer target her.

Instead, he sent them into the Guna Caves, giving them a command as they made a beeline towards Asaeya and merged into the Mystic Eater fleeing with her. Hearing the following rumble, his body stiffened up as he muttered with a solemn tone, "He's coming."

Sounds akin to large boulders being shredded apart resounded incessantly, mixed amid the fearful cries of Pranic Beasts that sped away. A stampede was created as a result and chaos ensued. Soil splashed while trees were felled as something massive in nature was rapidly speeding in his direction.

Orakha turned in the direction of the sound and could only observe a tsunami of soil approaching him. A jet-black ink spread on the ground as his Mystic Eaters dug a large enough hole for him to escape.

But two hundred metres before him, the soil tsunami stopped. Five seconds later, a figure landed atop the peak formed by the piling soil and stared down at Orakha, "I feared you would be alive, Orakha."

Body Stage Mammoth Clansman—Inala!

Followed by a leap, Inala slid down the soil slope and skipped a few steps to stop five metres before Orakha, his expression one of calm, eerie even, his eyes glinting with a mysterious presence. He stared at the figure of Gannala at the entrance of Guna Caves, beckoning for her with his hand, "Come here, brat."

"Dada!" Behaving as if her earlier mature series of actions never happened, Gannala behaved no different from a four-year-old girl and leapt towards Inala. She crossed the distance in a matter of seconds and latched onto him, "I missed you!"

"Why are you so laateee?" She broke into tears, "It's almost a year since you left us."

"Fine, fine, I'm here now, right?" Inala patted the back of her head with his left hand. His eyes observed Orakha as his right hand subtly pointed towards his Sumatra Canon. It was shaped like a gun, so words needn't be exchanged.

Inala was warning Orakha to stay put. Otherwise, he would be shot down.

"I brought you a lot of good stuff to eat," Inala consoled Gannala until she stopped crying. She remained clung to him like a koala bear, acting like it was naturally where she remained, like a bird in its nest.

She then closed her eyes and focused on going through his memories, understanding everything he had been through.

In the meantime, Inala let out a soft shriek, informing the Empyrean Zingers to continue with their work. He then stared at Orakha and asked, "So, how are you alive, Orakha?"

"Are you not concerned about Asaeya's situation?" Orakha asked, "Her life is at risk, you know?"

"Zingers can transmit large volumes of information with a single shriek," Inala said and smiled, "So, let's talk, Orakha."

It was apparent that Inala was already informed of everything that had transpired by the Empyrean Zingers.

Seeing that he couldn't feed false information to Inala, Orakha took out his Six-Storey Storage Lantern and activated it, watching it assume its original size. He then opened the door to two floors, pointing at the tusk bone powder inside, "This is for you. The Chief told me to give it to you."

"Hmm, tell me everything from the start." Inala frowned in response.

"That's not necessary," Saying so, Orakha threw a bone slip to him. Catching it, Inala accessed its information and learnt about everything that had happened at the Mammoth Clan after his departure.

He learnt of the fight between the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusks, the arrival of the second herd, their eventual merger, Raaha becoming the Mammoth Clan Chief, and finally Blola obtaining the power of a Transcendent Eater.

"Transcendent Eater?" Inala was stunned by this information, thinking, 'So, Renduldu made backup plans in case one of us were to die prematurely.'

"So, that's how you revived." Inala nodded in understanding before asking, "Is it through the Transcendent Eater that you learnt more about my abilities?"

'He figured that out?' It was Orakha's turn to be shocked.

Well, considering the extent of information at Inala's disposal currently, he could come to such a conclusion quickly. After all, Orakha's overbearing strength and actions couldn't be explained otherwise.

Inala wouldn't be able to kill Orakha if the two were to fight now. After all, it was unknown as to where Orakha placed his checkpoint. So, he could always revive there and flee if things went south.

In terms of individual combat strength, Orakha was stronger. But with the Empyrean Zinger army accompanying him, no matter what Orakha were to do, it would be impossible for him to kill Inala. Therefore, the two didn't bother to waste time trying to kill each other when it wasn't possible.

"You want to delay me, right?" Inala then stared at Guna Caves, "But remember that if anything were to happen to Asaeya, I'll be coming at you with the intent to kill."

"No matter where you flee in Sumatra Continent, I'll find you."

"Relax, bud. Aren't I your bestie?" Orakha winked as he put on a playful expression, "I haven't done anything to her. Though, while fleeing with her, my Mystic Eaters noticed that her withdrawal symptoms had progressed to dangerous levels."

"If she doesn't return to the Mammoth Clan, there's a solid chance her mind would get crippled." He concluded.

"Where's the herd now?" Inala asked, not expressing anything other than what was necessary.

"Along the downstream banks of the Red-Draft River," Orakha pointed at the direction where the Red-Draft River flowed, "As long as you sail downstream, you'll be able to reach the herd."

"So," Orakha smiled sheepishly as he asked, "Can you tell me more about what the previous Gannala intended to do with us? Grehha said you're aware of the entire truth."

"You sure you want to know about it?" Inala raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, yeah." Orakha nodded like a chicken, "Tell me. I'm curious."

"Your parents are dead," Inala stated abruptly.

"Why are you telling me that?" Orakha scratched his cheek, "Obviously they are dead. I mean, we're born as orphans in this world. Isn't that established already?"

"What if I were to tell you…" Inala trailed off for two seconds and continued, "Your parents on Earth and here were one and the same."

"Come on, man. Stop trolling me already." Orakha complained, slightly pissed, "Look, I apologise for scheming against Asaeya. But I haven't harmed her or anything. I don't want to harm you too. So, I just used some delay tactics. You don't need to pull my leg…"

A Bone Slip slammed into his face. And when Orakha absorbed its information instinctively, tears streamed down his face. His legs became weak as he slumped on the ground, "This is…impossible."

"No…why…" While Orakha was emotionally distressed, Gannala approached him from behind and patted his shoulder as a means to console him. But in actuality, she was rapidly accessing his memories.



Chapter 249 It’s Decided

While Orakha had a mental breakdown, Gannala finished reading through all his memories. She then walked away and climbed onto Inala's back, getting a piggyback ride.

By the time Orakha realised what was up, it was too late, "You…fooled me!"

"Nope," Inala shook his head, "I just used the truth to my convenience. Everything in that bone slip is the truth, you know."

"Since this is for me, let me collect it," Inala said and scooped out all the tusk bone powder from the two floors of Orakha's Storage Lantern. Gannala had already confirmed that the tusk bone powder hadn't been tampered with. So, it was safe to be used for constructing his body.

'Good, now there's enough for both me and Asaeya.' He thought and stared at Orakha, "Do you feel disgusted to be schemed against?"

"Well, that's what I felt too when you made a move on Asaeya, even if your intentions weren't to harm her." Inala said and extended his hand towards Orakha, "The two of us haven't talked before. So, let's patch up for now, shall we?"

"Fine, you won." Orakha wiped his tears and got up, groaning as he stretched his aching body, "Now it's clear that I'm not good at schemes when compared to pieces of shit like you and Virala."

"Bro, don't go there." Inala waved his hands, "I'm a saint compared to Virala. That one is a messed-up fucker."

'You're no different.' Orakha didn't voice his thoughts. His attention fell on Sumara Canon and felt his Mystic Eater stirring up in response, 'There's an unrivalled mineral present in that object. No, there's some of it in three objects.'

"Anyway, my task here is done." Orakha turned around and intended to leave, "I'm not going to help you in finding Asaeya. Have fun locating her in the Guna Caves. If you take more than a month, you'll miss the chance to quickly reach the Mammoth Clan. They'll resume their journey after gathering some Centinger eggs."

"Do you truly need the Attribute that badly?" Inala let out a long breath and got to the point, "You want it?"

"Isn't that obvious?" Orakha laughed, "My strength will be elevated to a whole other level once I come in possession of the Attribute."

"Alright, have fun being a loser." Inala flashed his middle finger towards Orakha, "The Attribute's mine anyway."

"Don't act like your name's written on it." Orakha snorted.

"Personal property of Sir Inala," Inala said, "This sentence is clearly carved on it. You'll know when you get there."

After the two exchanged verbal bullshit in the name of abusing each other, Orakha ran away. Inala remained standing in his place as once Orakha was out of sight, he emitted Prana radially to scour through his surroundings. Even after ensuring there were no Mystic Eaters hiding underground to spy on his conversation, he communicated with Gannala through a Bone Slip.

[Has he been accepted as part of your immune system?]

[Yes, Dad. And as I surfed through his thoughts, I found out that he truly wasn't planning on harming us. He only wanted to ensure you wasted your time, but not at the cost of sacrificing your strength. Which is why he brought in the tusk bone powder necessary for you to build your strength.]

'So basically, he's conflicted.' Inala now understood the full picture. Orakha had exceptional street smarts and was the quickest among the reincarnates to react and adapt to a situation.

Currently, his mindset was to win the race but not at the cost of compromising the growth of the other reincarnates, for his end goal was for everyone to join hands and kill the Boar King. It was why his actions were so tame in comparison to the extent of power he possessed.

'Had Virala been in his place, he would have killed both Asaeya and Gannala to fuel his growth and shatter my mental state.' Inala thought, coming to the conclusion that if the situation ever becomes dire, he could seek Orakha's help.

Orakha was closer to Grehha in terms of disposition—constructively greedy.

[Dad, Orakha wasn't lying about anything. We can rejoin with the herd if we were to set sail on the Red-Draft River now. What do you plan to do?]

[We'll find Asaeya first. But if we were to return to the Mammoth Clan now, your growth would be halted. They'll pressure you to transform into an Empyrean tusk. We can't have that.]

Soon, Inala arrived at the cave and stared at the tunnel entrance on the ground before him, "Gannala, what's with Asaeya's mental state?"

"Are the withdrawal symptoms catching up to her?"

"Nope," Gannala shook her head, "A Mammoth Clansman experiences withdrawal symptoms if they stay away from their Deity, but it's not anything serious to the extent it'll interfere with their mental faculties."

"Moreover," She continued, "I can temporarily take the place of her Deity. So, as long as I touch her from time to time, she wouldn't exhibit any withdrawal symptoms."

"Then what's exactly the reason?" He asked.

"It's the same thing you're experiencing, Dad." Gannala said, "Asaeya is being influenced by her two Natures."

"That's it?" Inala frowned, "She's not even using it much, right?"

"It doesn't work like in your case," Gannala said, "When she uses Akashic Transfer on more than two targets at a time, there's an exponential increase in the Secondary Nature's influence on her. At that moment, she feels as if she's a Grim Knell. This sensation is akin to a drug for her mind. And when she deactivates, that massive rush vanishes, causing her to feel hollow."

"As this continues to happen, her mental state is getting weaker, causing her to become more prone to its influence and, as a result experiencing mood swings." She continued, "Based on Earth terminology, she's a drug addict now."

"If she continues to use Akashic Transfer on large hordes of Pranic Beasts simultaneously, she'll go insane quickly." Gannala said, "This is why no Grim Knells are sane."

"I see, so that's the issue." Inala nodded and leaped into the tunnel, "Guess it's decided then."

As Gannala hung onto his back, she accessed his thoughts and exclaimed in surprise, "Dad, don't you think this idea is too dangerous?"

"It's indeed dangerous," Inala nodded, "But the Cooter Clan produces valuable medicines that will help in your growth too. So, I was planning to bring us there anyway. Now, Asaeya's state just gives us one more reason to head there."

"Dad, the Cooter Clan is on par with our Mammoth Clan in terms of strength. If the Empyrean Snapper senses my existence, it'll ask for a death match to prove which of our two races is superior." Gannala expressed nervously.

"The Cooter Clan is the only place with the resources necessary for your growth," Inala said, his voice stern, "No matter what, it's a must for you to obtain the Tertiary Nature of Cultivator."

"I understand," Saying so, she turned silent, sighing mentally, 'The medicine necessary to heal Asaeya is also available only there.'

She disliked facing an Empyrean Snapper.

Sumatra Continent's Biggest Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tusk!

Sumatra Continent's Largest Pranic Beast—Empyrean Snapper!

The Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan were the two strongest forces on Sumatra Continent. And their respective Deities were dubbed the strongest under the Mystic Grade. As a result, whenever the two sides came into contact, a battle ensued, both between Pranic Beasts and Clansmen.

As an Empyrean Tusk, Gannala wanted to be superior to an Empyrean Snapper on all fronts. Hence, she disliked hearing that she had to rely on one for her needs.

"Urgh!"



Chapter 250 Bludder Blades

Two Empyrean Zingers free fell through a tunnel, gliding from time to time as they accelerated towards the falling figure of Asaeya. Faint vapour cones formed over their body as a result of their speed meeting the air resistance.

One of the Empyrean Zingers, during its flight, took out a Prana Bomb and transformed it into a stamp using its Mystic Bone Art. Following that, it slammed the stamp into the tunnel walls, creating the impression of an arrow mark, followed by a number on it.

The arrow mark pointed in the direction the Empyrean Zingers were proceeding while the number displayed the instance of this checkpoint being added.

Close to the entrance of the tunnel was an arrow mark pointing deep into the tunnel while sporting the number '1.'

A kilometre down the tunnel, there was another arrow mark, sporting the number '2.' In this manner, even if the tunnels were to merge, based on the numbering pattern, the Empyrean Zingers could differentiate when a checkpoint was added.

Thanks to this, the Empyrean Zingers were able to keep pace with the lead runners despite the tunnels merging and diverging constantly.

"Kriek!"

"Kuak!"

"Ke-kee-kie!"

The Empyrean Zingers let out constant shrieks, keeping everyone informed of everything that was happening. From one Empyrean Zinger to another, the message was transmitted until it reached the ears of Inala.

As he free-fell through a tunnel, he listened to the information report and kept watch on the tunnel walls, noticing a checkpoint situated right before a node. Four tunnels intersected at this node, unable to be told apart as it was impossible to know which way was geographically up or down within the Guna Caves.

The entirety of the tunnel wall fell like the ground when stood upon, hence the issue.

Upon staring at the checkpoint, Inala inhaled a large volume of air in his lungs and exhaled sharply, causing an abrupt change in his direction. His falling motion swerved into a tunnel to the side as he continued to fall through it.

Left, right, up, down, every time he approached a node, Inala referred to the checkpoint nearby and made a turn accordingly. All tunnels looked the exact same, from their width to surface texture. It was mostly dark, with the source of detection being limited to sound, smell, and Prana sense.

Inala emitted Prana to form a sensory sphere around himself, expanding it to a radius of twenty metres, which was the same as the tunnel's diameter. Latched to his back was Gannala, controlling four Spirits Weapons in the shape of hands.

While they fell, peeking out from tiny windows along the tunnel walls were Shifting Ants. Upon passing by a window, one of Gannala's Spirit Weapons would catch a Shifting Ant as Prana would seep into it.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

"Dad, we're going down the right path. Asaeya fell through here exactly two minutes earlier. We're catching up to her." Gannala said as she accessed the memories of the Shifting Ant and focused on the parts with Asaeya.

"Good!" Inala replied briskly as he steadily increased his density through Internal Inertial Gravity. As his figure approached a gliding Empyrean Zinger, the latter grabbed him, spun a few times and then launched him like a slingshot.

One after another, the Empyrean Zingers along the way continued to launch him, allowing Inala to close in on Asaeya. Three hours of nonstop chase later, she finally came into view, positioned two kilometres away from him.

Inala glared at the Mystic Eater coiled around her hip, constantly acting like a whip as it latched onto the tunnel walls and used its elastic nature to launch Asaeya further deeper into the tunnel, preventing him from catching up to her.

"Fuooo!"

"Feee!"

"Faaa!"

Whistling sounds suddenly filled the tunnel and echoed, turning more and more abundant as waves of Prana slammed into Inala, detecting his strength and presence.

Immediately after, tiny holes opened all over the tunnel, numbering in the hundreds. Peeking from it was a Pranic Beast covered from head to toe in golden scales, resembling a pangolin. Its arms were thinner and serpentine in nature, lacking any bones.

Upon staring at them, Inala cursed his bad luck, "Bludders!"

Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Bludder!

It was one of the three Pranic Beasts native to the Guna Caves and were infamous hunters, very annoying to deal with, especially in the environment of the Guna Caves.

A Bludder sensed Inala through its Prana and leapt out of its hole. Actuated by the gravity in the tunnel, it landed on the tunnel walls on all fours. But right after its feet made contact, it rolled forward, curling up into a perfect ball.

Following that…it spun, fast, faster, revving itself rapidly as like the wheels of a car, it rolled towards Inala, crossing a hundred metres in less than three seconds.

As it came within thirty metres, it leapt from the tunnel wall as suddenly, Prana condensed around its body, solidifying into sharp blades spanning a length of five metres each.

Primary Nature—Eddy Blade!

It was pretty much a spinning top with blades attached to it, capable of creating these blades anywhere on its body. The same was true for its rotation axis, capable of rotating at any angle with respect to its body.

There was a flash, following which Inala's arm got severed. The Bludder went past Inala and landed on the tunnel wall on the opposite side, retracting its Eddy Blades. It then spun around the walls of the tunnel, forming a helical pattern as it rushed towards Inala.

"It…hurts!" Gannala shouted as a gash trailed from her nose to her right eye, ending up cutting into the organ.

"Shit!" Inala stared at his Prana Bomb shield that had been cut through by the Bludder. At that speed, even the hardest of objects could be cut through, especially since at the moment of contact, the Eddy Blades would vibrate at high frequencies, further increasing the cutting power.

The Bludder expended almost a quarter of its Prana in one attack, which was why it was so powerful.

A Prana Hand flew through the Tunnel and travelled in a direction opposite to the Bludder's path, ending up colliding with each other half a revolution later.

Eddy Blades jutted out of the Bludder's body and severed through the Prana Hand. But instead of diverging to the sides after being cut into two, the two severed pieces flew on the same path.

All that changed was a perfect line in its centre that divided it into two pieces. After the first attack, Inala adjusted his power.

Right as the Eddy Blade severed the Prana Hand into two, he infused Prana into it and increased its weight, as a result adding to its momentum. Hence, all the Eddy Blade managed to do was make a cut, failing to diverge the two halves.

As a result, the two halves of the Prana Hand still remained stuck to each other and slammed dead centre into the Bludder, generating enough shock from the impact that the Bludder's internal organs burst in response.

"Serves you right!" Gannala shouted as Prana surged into her right eye and healed it in a matter of seconds, displaying the frightening recovery abilities of an Empyrean Tusk.

"Make your body denser!" Inala shouted and began to envelope multiple layers of Prana Bomb armour on his body and also made two Prana Bombs revolve around him as satellites.

He stared as more and more Bludders leapt into the tunnel and began to rotate at terrifying speeds, moving across the tunnels in a helical pattern as they approached him, "Shit!"



